Date and Time: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 1:23:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142524990Documents (100)1. CHINA'S TRADE POLICY: CHEAT AND REPEATClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20182. How China acquires 'the crown jewels' of U.S. technologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20183. How China acquires 'the crown jewels' of U.S. technologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20184. House Commerce Subcommittee Issues Testimony From Center for Strategic & International StudiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20185. Xunlei Receives National CDN License From Chinese GovernmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20186. CEO John D. Maatta Invited to Boao Forum in Hainan, China, April 9-11;Invited By The Chinese Government, Maatta Is Delegate To The 'Davos Of Asia'; To Attend Session With China President Xi During Forum; Wizard World Preparing 'WizPop' SVOD Channel Via CNLiveClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20187. China wants its top tech firms to bring their shares homeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20188. China wants its top tech firms to bring their shares homeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20189. Chinese government sees no reason to oppose &"third parties&" to EDP&#39;s tender offerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201810. Trump Indonesia project gets Chinese government partnerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201811. Trump Indonesia project gets Chinese government partnerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201812. Huawei executive warns Australia risks economy with 5G banClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201813. Huawei executive warns Australia risks economy with 5G banClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201814. China tells international airlines to toe the line on TaiwanClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201815. CHINA: JOB ADS DISCRIMINATE AGAINST WOMENClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201816. Beijing Wants to Rewrite the Rules of the InternetClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201817. The gopher lasted little: Dominican Republic breaks with Taiwan and begins new relationship with ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201818. China tells international airlines to toe the line on TaiwanClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201819. Rising Trade Tensions; DOJ Ends ObamaCare Defense; IG Report Concerning the Clinton E-mail Cassette for Time in Release; Trump Talks Tough on Iran; Trump Trade and Tariffs; China Trade Tensions; Facebook Software Flaw; IMF Agrees To $50B Deal To Help Argentina's Economy; Ferrari Sells For $70M; "Ocean's 8" Hits Theaters; "Legally Blonde" Is Back; "A Star Is Born" RemakeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201820. WaPo: Chinese government hackers steal massive amounts of data from Navy contractor computersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201821. WaPo: Chinese government hackers steal massive amounts of data from Navy contractor computersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201822. The Chinese government confirmed that it can access deleted WeChat conversations - and people are terrifiedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201823. Why the US and China settled for a trade truce;Trump's threat of a US-China trade war has abated, but underlying tensions are likely to deepen over China's drive to catch up with the US on technology.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201824. China: Job Ads Discriminate Against WomenClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201825. With movement on ZTE and Qualcomm, U.S.-China trade war may be coolingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201826. Innovation and Ingenuity: Insights from the Harvard College China ForumClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201827. We now know why Trump suddenly reversed course on sanctions against a Chinese tech giantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201828. ASU+GSV Summit Gathers "New Forces" of Chinese EducationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201829. HIV Treatment Drugs Markets in China 2018-2027Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201830. ITI to Secretary Mnuchin: Build an International Coalition to Press China to Play by the Rules; Don't Impose TariffsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201831. NEWS RELEASES - ITI TO SECRETARY MNUCHIN: BUILD AN INTERNATIONAL COALITION TO PRESS CHINA TO PLAY BY THE RULES; DON'T IMPOSE TARIFFSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201832. China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fishClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201833. China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fishClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201834. China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fishClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201835. China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fishClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201836. White House slams China's 'Orwellian' demand that 36 foreign airlines change references to TaiwanClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201837. CHINA BANS ONLINE BIBLE SALESClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201838. Senate Finance Subcommittee Issues Testimony From Coalition of Services IndustriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201839. Chinese social network bans Peppa Pig to combat 'negative influence' of foreign ideologiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201840. How China's Tech Revolution Threatens Silicon ValleyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201841. How the U.S.-China trade war could play outClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201842. US-China trade: 24 hours that escalated the fightClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201843. US-China trade: 24 hours that escalated the fightClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201844. Why Are Louisiana Taxpayers Subsidizing America's "Economic Enemy," The People's Republic of China?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201845. HOW THE CHINESE MODEL FOR ECONOMIC INNOVATION IS SPURRING INNOVATIONClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201846. Trump seeks additional tariffs on $100 billion of Chinese goods in escalation of trade confrontationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201847. The trade fight between the US and China 'will get worse' and Trump could 'hit back harder' if he doesn't get what he wantsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201848. China censors to prevent collective action, King saysClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201849. House Small Business Committee Issues Testimony From IronNet CybersecurityClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201850. EDP: Catarina Martins says that if Chinese advance is &"a particularly dangerous maneuver&"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201851. China is holding up a $44 billion US tech dealClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201852. China is holding up a $44 billion US tech dealClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201853. Dow futures dive almost 500 points as China plans tariffs on more than 100 US productsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201854. Chinese online payments giant could be worth $150 billionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201855. Chinese online payments giant could be worth $150 billionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201856. NEW AMERICA'S DIGICHINA AND HARVARD-MIT AI INITIATIVE PARTNER TO ADVANCE UNDERSTANDING OF CHINA'S AI POLICIESClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201857. Chinese tourists spend 130 million euros in Portugal in 2017Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201858. Cultivating the future of cross-border innovation collaboration: VestLink's Xinno (Cross-Innovation) Week leverages the power of Seattle tech hub to make China inroads for local startupsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201859. CHINESE AMBASSADOR ATTENDS ESTONIAN ASIA FORUMClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201860. How Bad Is Facebook's New China Problem?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201861. Emboldened China - and its webizens - telling foreign firms to fall in line;China has increased pressure on international companies to use Beijing-approved language for areas it considers its sovereign territory, such as Tibet and Taiwan. A nationalistic consumer market makes those orders hard to ignore.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201862. China PCs and Peripherals Market : Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2022Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201863. China Semiconductors Market Analysis, Size, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017-2022Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201864. RUBIO CHAIRS CHINA COMMISSION HEARING ON DIGITAL AUTHORITARIANISM AND THE GLOBAL THREAT TO FREE SPEECHClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201865. Planting spies, paying people to post on social media, and pretending the news doesn't exist: This is how China tries to distract people from human rights abusesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201866. CHAIRS ASK COMMERCE SECRETARY ROSS ABOUT SALE OF SURVEILLANCE TECHNOLOGY TO CHINESE POLICEClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201867. A Trade War Isn't a Real WarClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201868. The compromises that companies make to do business in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201869. The compromises that companies make to do business in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201870. China Institute Convenes U.S. and Chinese CEOs to Discuss U.S.-China Relations in the New World Order;Former Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson, Jr., Nobelist Joseph Stiglitz, former IMF Chief John Lipsky on tackling U.S.-China tensionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201871. Chinese Investment in Australia Declining: New ReportClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201872. INVNT/IP: US Responds to Nation-sponsored Crown-jewel Intellectual Property Theft;US Announcement of Large-Scale Tariffs in Response to Chinese Crown-Jewel Intellectual Property Theft Lauded by IP Protection Consortium INVNT/IPClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201873. Gridsum Publishes White Paper on Internet Safety in China for Teens and other MinorsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201874. Sen. Warner Issues Statement on New Chinese TariffsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201875. SEN. WARNER ON NEW CHINESE TARIFFSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201876. SEN. WARNER ON NEW CHINESE TARIFFSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201877. Trump Plans To Bar China from Investing in U.S. Tech Firms and Block More Tech Exports; Apple Confirms MacBook Pro Embarrassing Keyboard Problems; House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes Sets Monday Deadline For FBI And DOJ; White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders Kicked Out Of Virginia RestaurantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201878. White House decides against outright limits on Chinese investmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201879. Reality Shares Launches First-Ever China Blockchain ETF;BCNA offers exposure to Chinese companies at the forefront of the burgeoning blockchain technology ecosystemClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201880. China Takes Different Approach Than U.S. on Climate ChangeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201881. ZTE is now center stage in the US-China trade fightClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201882. ZTE is now center stage in the US-China trade fightClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201883. Joint Economic Committee Issues Testimony From Congressional Research ServiceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201884. CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA, BIG DATA AND CHINAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201885. CHINESE ACTIVISTS DETAINED, UNDER SURVEILLANCE ON 'POLITICALLY SENSITIVE' MASSACRE ANNIVERSARYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201886. Trump throws ZTE curveball as big week for US-China trade beginsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201887. Trump throws ZTE curveball as big week for US-China trade beginsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201888. 'You can't make this stuff up': Bernie Sanders, Democrats blast Trump's decision to back down on sanctions against Chinese tech giantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201889. The Chinese Market for DNA SequencingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201890. The Chinese Market for DNA SequencingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201891. The Chinese Market for DNA SequencingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201892. Navarro Will Now Join U.S. Delegation Today on China Trade; U.S.- China Trade Talks; Giuliani: No Indictment; Stormy Daniel's Payment; Russell Hits Record High; New Apple Campus; Explosive Round of Golf; U.S. Surgeon General Saves The Day; Fruit Loops Makeover; Explosive Round Of Golf; Glover's 911 CallClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201893. Taiwan slams global brands for siding with ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201894. Chinese tech investment is next target in Trump's crackdownClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201895. Chinese tech investment is next target in Trump's crackdownClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201896. China's long march for the soul of the nation's digital futureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201897. Taiwan slams global brands for siding with ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201898. White House decides against outright limits on Chinese investmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201899. FIVE FACTS ON TRADE RELATIONS BETWEEN THE U.S. AND CHINAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 2018100. Chinese Muslims have to pledge loyalty to the Communist Party before they can leave the country for the journey to MeccaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 2018

CHINA'S TRADE POLICY: CHEAT AND REPEATStates News ServiceApril 12, 2018 ThursdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 5804 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the Republican National Committee:China Has Carried Out Discriminatory And Unfair Trade Practices To The Detriment Of The U.S. Economy And Consumers____________________________TOP TAKEAWAYSDespite agreeing to operate by the rules of the World Trade Organization, China has consistently failed to follow through on its promise of free and fair trade.China has been named the world's "principal IP infringer" with thousands of Chinese actors continuing to engage in the "rampant" theft of trade secrets and intellectual property.China has imposed significant trade barriers through the restriction of patents and the inconsistent application of trade guidelines which has hurt foreign pharmaceutical companies and bolstered China's domestic industry.The Chinese government has subsidized steel and aluminum production, flooding the U.S. market with an artificially cheap product which has led to the loss of thousands of American jobs and caused serious U.S. national security concerns about the supply of these vital metals.China has blocked the importation of U.S. agricultural products, especially U.S. beef and corn products, and may be "substantially" exceeding WTO standards for the subsidization of its domestic agricultural sector.China's auto tariffs and laws limiting foreign direct investment have hindered the ability of foreign automakers to gain market access and establish a foothold in that country.____________________________CHINA'S UNFULFILLED PROMISE ON FREE AND FAIR TRADEWhen China Joined The World Trade Organization In 2001 They Agreed To Operate In Accordance With WTO Rules, However They Have Largely Failed To Follow Through With These CommitmentsOn November 10, 2001, The World Trade Organization's Ministerial Conference Approved The Text Of The Agreement For China's Entry Into The WTO. "The WTO's Ministerial Conference approved today (10 November) by consensus the text of the agreement for China's entry into the WTO. China will become legally a member 30 days after the WTO receives notification of the ratification of the agreement by China's Parliament." (Press Release, "WTO Ministerial Conference Approves China's Accession," World Trade Organization , 11/10/01)China's Accession To The World Trade Organization Was Accompanied By Their Commitment To "Liberalize Its Regime" And Offer A "Predictable" Trade Environment That Operated In Accordance With WTO Rules. "As a result of this negotiation, China has agreed to undertake a series of important commitments to open and liberalize its regime in order to better integrate in the world economy and offer a more predictable environment for trade and foreign investment in accordance with WTO rules." (Press Release, "WTO Ministerial Conference Approves China's Accession," World Trade Organization , 11/10/01)China Has Consistently Promised To Open Its Markets And Level The Playing Field For Foreign Companies But "Largely Failed To Follow Through On These Promises." "China has consistently promised to further open its markets since Xi took office but has largely failed to follow through on those promises. It has also ignored years of entreaties from the U.S. administration and business community to level the playing field for foreign companies and resolve problems through dialogue and negotiation." (Simon Denyer, "Facing Trade War With U.S., China's Xi Renews Vow To Open Markets, Import More," The Washington Post , 04/10/18)CHINA IS RESPONSIBLE FOR WIDESPREAD THEFT AND ABUSE OF U.S. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYChina Has Been Named The World's Principal Culprit Of Intellectual Property Theft And Has Been Responsible For "Rampant" Theft Of U.S. Companies' Trade SecretsAccording To The Commission On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property, China Is The "World's Principal IP Infringer" And Is "Deeply Committed" To Policies Such As The "Acquisition Of Foreign Technology And Information" That Contribute To "Greater IP Theft." "China, whose industrial output now exceeds that of the United States, remains the world's principal IP infringer. China is deeply committed to industrial policies that include maximizing the acquisition of foreign technology and information, policies that have contributed to greater IP theft." ("Update To The IP Commission Report On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property," The Commission On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property , 2/17, Pg. 1)The Commission On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property Is "An Independent And Bipartisan Initiative Of Americans From The Private Sector, Public Service In National Security and Foreign Affairs, Academe, And Politics. " "The Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property is an independent and bipartisan initiative of leading Americans from the private sector, public service in national security and foreign affairs, academe, and politics. ("About The Commission," The IP Commission , Accessed 03/22/18)Admiral Dennis C. Blair, Chairman Of The IP Commission, Is The Former Commander In Chief Of The U.S. Pacific Command And Former U.S. Director Of National Intelligence For President Barack Obama. "Dennis C. Blair is the Chairman of the board and Distinguished Senior Fellow at the Sasakawa Peace Foundation USA and the Co-Chair of the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property. He is the former commander in chief of the U.S. Pacific Command and the former U.S. director of national intelligence. Prior to rejoining the government in 2009, Admiral Blair held the John M. Shalikashvili Chair in National Security Studies with the National Bureau of Asian Research and served as deputy director of the Project for National Security Reform." ("Dennis C. Blair," The IP Commission , Accessed 03/22/18)The Commission Has Called IP Theft A "Grave Threat To The U.S." And Has Estimated The Annual Cost To The U.S. Economy From Counterfeit Goods, Pirated Software, And The Theft Of Trade Secrets To Be As High As $600 Billion. "While some indicators show that the problem may have improved marginally, the theft of IP remains a grave threat to the United States. Since 2013, at the release of the IP Commission Report, U.S. policy mechanisms have been markedly enhanced but gone largely unused. We estimate that the annual cost to the U.S. economy continues to exceed $225 billion in counterfeit goods, pirated software, and theft of trade secrets and could be as high as $600 billion." ("Update To The IP Commission Report On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property," The Commission On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property , 2/17, Pg. 1)"IP Theft By Thousands Of Chinese Actors Continues To Be Rampant ." "IP theft by thousands of Chinese actors continues to be rampant, and the United States constantly buys its own and other states' inventions from Chinese infringers." ("Update To The IP Commission Report On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property," The Commission On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property , 2/17, Pg. 1)Actors Affiliated With The Chinese Government And Military Have Infiltrated The Computer Systems Of U.S. Companies And Stolen Their Intellectual Property. "Most troubling are reports that actors affiliated with the Chinese government and the Chinese military have infiltrated the computer systems of U.S. companies, stealing terabytes of data, including the companies' intellectual property (IP), for the purpose of providing commercial advantages to Chinese enterprises." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , 3/17, Pg. 78)In March 2017, The U.S. Trade Representative Called The Protection And Enforcement of Trade Secrets In China "A Serious Problem" And Noted That The Theft Of Trade Secrets For The Benefit Of Chinese Companies Has Occurred Within And Outside China. "The protection and enforcement of trade secrets in China is a serious problem and has been the subject of high-profile attention and engagement in recent years. Thefts of trade secrets for the benefit of Chinese companies have occurred both within China and outside of China." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , 3/17, Pg. 78)Chinese Applicants Have Registered U.S. Trademarks In Bad Faith And "Held Them For Ransom" Or Used The Trademarks To Profit Off Of U.S. Companies' Global ReputationAccording To The United States Trade Representative (USTR), U.S. Companies Across Several Sectors Have Been Confronted By Chinese Applicants Registering Their Trademarks And "Holding Them For Ransom" Or Working To Build Businesses Off U.S. Companies' Global Reputation. "U.S. companies across industry sectors continue to face Chinese applicants registering their marks and 'holding them for ransom' or seeking to establish a business building off of U.S. companies' global reputations." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , 3/17, Pg. 78)Thefts Of Trade Secrets For The Benefit Of Chinese Companies Have Occurred Both Inside And Outside China With "Impunity." "Thefts of trade secrets for the benefit of Chinese companies have occurred both within China and outside of China. Offenders in many cases continue to operate with impunity." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , 3/17, Pg. 78)In May 2016, Chinese Sports Company Uncle Martian, Bearing An "Uncanny Resemblance" To The Baltimore Sports Company Under Armor, Was The Latest In A Line Of Chinese Companies Seeking To Capitalize On The Fame Of Foreign Counterparts. "A Chinese sports apparel company is dismissing allegations that its logo bears an uncanny resemblance to the one used by Baltimore-based Under Armour. Uncle Martian, as the brand is mystifyingly known, appears to be the latest in a long line of Chinese companies seeking to capitalize on the fame of their better-known foreign counterparts. Its logo, a letter 'U' on top of an upside-down 'U,' became the subject of widespread ridicule among Chinese Internet users last week and has drawn threats of a lawsuit from Under Armour." (Feleicia Sonmez, and Yang Jie, "China's Uncle Martian Says It Has "Nothing To Do With' Under Armor," The Wall Street Journal , 05/03/16)CHINA HAS IMPOSED SIGNIFICANT TRADE BARRIERS ON FOREIGN PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIESDespite Previous Commitments, Significant Trade Barriers And Rampant Infringement Continue To Obstruct The Ability Of Foreign Pharmaceutical Companies To Operate Within The CountryChina Committed To Allowing Foreign Suppliers To Distribute Pharmaceuticals By December 2004, And Began Issuing Licenses In 2005. "China committed to allow foreign suppliers to distribute pharmaceuticals by December 11, 2004, and it began accepting applications from and issuing wholesale licenses to foreign pharmaceutical companies about six months after that deadline." ("2017 Report To Congress On China's WTO Compliance," United States Trade Representative , 1/18, Pg. 120)As Of 2018, China's Inability "To Provide Effective Enforcement Against Infringement Of Pharmaceutical Patents" Is One Of "Many Concerns." "Meanwhile, many other concerns remain, including the need to provide effective protection against unfair commercial use of undisclosed test or other data generated to obtain marketing approval for pharmaceutical products, and to provide effective enforcement against infringement of pharmaceutical patents. In 2017, China issued draft measures in this area, but they have not yet been finalized." (Robert E. Lighthizer, "2018 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," United States Trade Representative , 2018, Pg. 99)Wu Zhen, Vice Minister Of China FDA Has Stated That With Regards To The Pharmaceutical Industry "China's Protection Of Intellectual Properties Is Still Lacking." "The government said it will also explore a new system linking drug approvals to patent status. This could potentially delay the introduction of generics when there are legal challenges posed by the patent holder. China's protection of intellectual properties is still lacking, 'and this is also an important reason that restricts the development of our medical innovation industry,' said Wu Zhen, vice minister of China FDA, at a press briefing webcast on Monday." ("Big Pharma Gets Boost As China Speeds Up New Drug Approvals," Bloomberg , 10/8/17)China's System For Protecting Pharmaceutical Products "Either Remain[s] Opaque Or Fall[s] Short Of The Standards Prevailing In The United States And Other Jurisdictions." "Meanwhile, several other aspects of China's system for protecting pharmaceutical products either remain opaque or fall short of the standards prevailing in the United States and other jurisdictions. For example, the guidelines do not explicitly apply to both the sufficiency of disclosure and inventiveness." ("2017 Report To Congress On China's WTO Compliance," United States Trade Representative , 1/18, Pg. 111)China's Guidelines For Pharmaceutical Patent Applications Have Become More Restrictive, And As A Result, Applications For Pharmaceutical Patents Are Denied In China Even As The U.S. And Others Are Granted Patents For The Same Innovations. "As a result, applications for pharmaceutical patents have been denied in China, even as U.S. and other leading patenting authorities granted patents for the same pharmaceutical innovations. In addition, patents granted prior to the adoption of the more restrictive SIPO guidelines have been vulnerable to invalidation challenges in China based on the retroactive application of these guidelines." ("2017 Report To Congress On China's WTO Compliance," United States Trade Representative , 1/18, Pg. 110)Chinese Manufacturers Of Generic Pharmaceutical Products Have Been Able To Obtain Approval To Sell Their Generics Prior To The Expiration Of The Protection Period For The Original Foreign Pharmaceutical Product, And In Some Cases "Even Before The Originator's Product Has Been Approved." "The United States also continues to be concerned about the extent to which China provides effective protection against unfair commercial use of, and unauthorized disclosure of, undisclosed test or other data generated to obtain marketing approval for pharmaceutical products. China's law, and a commitment that it made in its WTO accession agreement, require China to ensure that no subsequent applicant may rely on the undisclosed test or other data submitted in support of an application for marketing approval of new pharmaceutical products for a period of at least six years from the date of marketing approval in China. However, Chinese law does not include an appropriate definition of the term "new chemical entity" for purposes of identifying test or other data entitled to protection. There is evidence that, as a result of this situation, generic manufacturers of pharmaceutical products have been granted marketing approvals by China's CFDA prior to the expiration of the six-year protection period and, in some cases, even before the originator's product has been approved." ("2017 Report To Congress On China's WTO Compliance," United States Trade Representative , 01/18)CHINA'S SUBSIDIZATION AND DUMPING OF DOMESTIC METALS HAS JEOPARDIZED THE UNITED STATES' PRIMARY METALS INDUSTRY AND NATIONAL SECURITYChina Has Sponsored The Subsidization And Dumping Of Cheep Steel Which Has Hurt The U.S. Economy And Been Blamed For Thousands Of LayoffsThe Chinese Government Has Contributed To "Massive Excess Capacity" Of Steel And Aluminum In China And Has Hurt "U.S. Producers And Workers In Both The United States And Third Country Markets Such As Canada And Mexico Where U.S. Exports Compete With Chinese Exports." "In manufacturing industries like steel and aluminum in particular, China's economic planners and their government actions and financial support have contributed to massive excess capacity in China, with the resulting over-production distorting global markets and hurting U.S. producers and workers in both the United States and third country markets such as Canada and Mexico, where U.S. exports compete with Chinese exports. ("2017 Report To Congress On China's WTO Compliance," The Office Of The United States Trade Representative , January 2018, pg. 13)Excess Capacity Of Steel In China Has Lowered Global Prices And Made It Difficult For Even The "Most Competitive [U.S.] Producers To Remain Viable." "Excess capacity in China - whether in the steel industry or other industries like aluminum or soda ash - hurts U.S. industries and workers not only because of direct exports from China to the United States, but because lower global prices and a glut of supply make it difficult for even the most competitive producers to remain viable. ("2017 Report To Congress On China's WTO Compliance," The Office Of The United States Trade Representative , January 2018, pg. 13)In 2016, The United Steelworkers Union Blamed Steel Imports For More Than 19,000 Layoffs Over The Last Few Years. "The United Steelworkers union blames imports for more than 19,000 layoffs of steelworkers and iron ore miners over the last few years." (Joseph Pete, "Report Finds Chinese Steel Heavily Subsidized," The Times Of Northwest Indiana , 07/28/16)In 2018, The U.S. Department Of Commerce Concluded Present Quantities Of Steel Imports Weakened The United States' Internal Economy And Threatened "To Impair The National Security" Of The Country. "Based on these findings, the Secretary of Commerce concludes that the present quantities and circumstance of steel imports are 'weakening our internal economy' and threaten to impair the national security as defined in Section 232.'" ("The Effect Of Imports Of Steel On National Security," U.S. Department Of Commerce , 01/11/18, pg. 5)Amid Shrinking U.S Domestic Metal Production, China Has Sponsored The Subsidization And Dumping Of Aluminum Which Has Impaired U.S. National SecurityIn January 2017, The U.S. Department Of Commerce Found That Imports Of Aluminum "Threaten To Impair The National Security" And Have Left The U.S. At Risk Of Being "Almost Totally Reliant On Foreign Producers." "Based on these findings, the Secretary of Commerce has concluded that the present quantities and circumstance of aluminum imports are 'weakening our internal economy' and threaten to impair the national security as defined in Section 232. The Department of Defense and critical domestic industries depend on large quantities of aluminum. But recent import trends have left the U.S. almost totally reliant on foreign producers of primary aluminum." ("The Effect Of Imports Of Aluminum On National Security," U.S. Department Of Commerce , pg. 5, 01/17/18)The Commerce Department Noted The U.S. Aluminum Industry "Is At Risk Of Becoming Unable To Satisfy Existing National Security Needs." "The U.S. is also at risk of becoming completely reliant on foreign producers of high-purity aluminum is at risk of becoming unable to satisfy existing national security needs or respond to a national security emergency that requires a large increase in domestic production that is essential for key military and commercial systems. The domestic aluminum industry." ("The Effect Of Imports Of Aluminum On National Security," U.S. Department Of Commerce , pg. 5, 01/17/18)In February 2018, The Commerce Department Determined That Chinese Aluminum Foil Imports, In Particular, Were Being Sold At Less Than Their Value And Chinese Producers Were Benefiting From Government Subsidization. "The U.S. Commerce Department said on Tuesday it had made a final determination that imports of aluminum foil from China are being sold in the United States at less than their fair value and producers are benefiting from subsidies from Beijing." ("U.S. Finds China Aluminum Foil Imports Dumped, Subsidized," Reuters , 02/27/18)As Of 2018, The Bureau Of Labor Statistics Reported Employment In The Primary Metals Industry Has Declined From 624,700 Jobs In January 2000 To 376,500 Jobs As Of January 2018. ("Coal Mining," Bureau Of Labor Statistics , Accessed 03/02/18)CHINA HAS BLOCKED THE IMPORTATION OF U.S. AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS, INSTEAD FLOUTING WTO REGULATIONS TO SUBSIDIZE DOMESTIC FARMERSChina Has Unfairly Blocked The Importation Of U.S. Beef And Corn ProductsAs Of 2017, China Was The "Least Transparent And Predictable" Of The World's Major Markets For Agricultural Products Due In Part To "Capricious Practices" And "Uneven Enforcement Of Regulations And Selective Intervention" By Chinese Authorities. "Notwithstanding this success, China remains among the least transparent and predictable of the world's major markets for agricultural products, largely because of uneven enforcement of regulations and selective intervention in the market by China's regulatory authorities. Seemingly capricious practices by Chinese customs and quarantine agencies delay or halt shipments of agricultural products into China. Sanitary and phytosanitary (SPS) measures with questionable scientific bases or a generally opaque regulatory regime frequently have created difficulties and uncertainty for traders in agricultural commodities, who require as much certainty and transparency as possible." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , March 2017, pg. 91)Market Access For U.S. Food Exports Promised As A Result Of The WTO Accession Agreement Has Yet To Be Fully Realized. "With China moving forward with implementation of its 2015 Food Safety Law, new regulations - and new concerns such as burdensome and unnecessary requirements for official certification of low-risk food exports - are on the increase. In addition, market access promised through the TRQ system set up pursuant to China's WTO accession agreement still has yet to be fully realized." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , March 2017, pg. 91)Despite The Clearance Of U.S. Products Under International Guidelines, China Has Blocked The Importation Of U.S. Beef And Poultry For "Questionable," "Unwarranted," And "Unscientific" Reasons. "In 2016, beef, poultry and pork products were affected by questionable SPS measures implemented by China's regulatory authorities. For example, China continued to block the importation of U.S. beef and beef products, more than nine years after these products had been declared safe to trade under international scientific guidelines established by the World Organization for Animal Health (known by its historical acronym OIE), and despite the further fact that in 2013 the United States received the lowest risk status from the OIE, i.e., negligible risk. China also continued to impose an unwarranted and unscientific Avian Influenza-related import suspension on U.S. poultry due to an outbreak of high-pathogenic Avian Influenza (AI), which has now been eliminated in the United States." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , March 2017, pg. 92)Reports Have Indicated China May Be "Substantially Exceeding" WTO Standards For Financial Support Of Its Domestic AgricultureIn 2017, Reports By U.S. Farm Groups Concluded China "May Be Substantially Exceeding" WTO Standards For Domestic Support Of Its Agricultural Industry. "The United States has remained concerned that the methodologies used by China to calculate support levels, particularly with regard to its price support policies and direct payments, result in underestimates. Certain U.S. farm groups have commissioned reports to calculate support levels for certain commodities, including corn, wheat and soybeans, and these reports have concluded that China may be substantially exceeding its WTO-agreed domestic support spending limits." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , March 2017, pg. 92)The USTR In 2017 Concluded China Had Been Steadily Increasing Domestic Support For Key Agricultural Commodities. "At the same time, China has been steadily increasing domestic support for key commodities, and reports commissioned by certain U.S. farm groups have concluded that China may be exceeding its WTO limits." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , March 2017, pg. 91)USTR: "For Several Years, China Has Been Significantly Increasing Domestic Subsidies" And Used Other Support Measures For Domestic Agricultural Sectors. "For several years, China has been significantly increasing domestic subsidies and other support measures for its agricultural sector. China has established a direct payment program, instituted minimum support prices for basic commodities and sharply increased input subsidies." ("2017 National Trade Estimate Report On Foreign Trade Barriers," Office Of The United States Trade Representative , March 2017, pg. 92)UNFAIR CHINESE TRADE PRACTICES HAVE HURT THE U.S. AUTO INDUSTRYStringent Chinese Auto Tariffs Have Disadvantaged Foreign Car Imports Making Them Extremely ExpensiveIn 2017, China's Tariff On Imported Cars Was 25% Of The Wholesale Price In Contrast To The United States Tariff Of 2.5%. "China's tariff on imported cars is 25 percent of the wholesale price, which is one reason General Motors, Ford and Volkswagen set up huge factories in China. By contrast, tariffs in the United States are just 2.5 percent for imported cars, minivans and sport utility vehicles. So automakers make in China almost all the cars that they sell there, while many cars in the United States are imported." (Keith Bradsher and Karl Russell, "Building Trade Walls," The New York Times , 03/07/17)China Also Imposes A Special Tax On Cars And SUVs With Large Engines. "The United States' success exporting autos to China has come in the face of substantial barriers at the border, notably China's 25 percent auto tariff. China also imposes a special tax on cars and SUVs with large engines, which tends to fall on imports (a luxury tax is imminently reasonable by the way; it only arouses suspicion because of the relative absence of domestic Chinese production in this segment)." (Brad W. Setser, "Auto Trade With China," Council On Foreign Relations , 04/03/17)Consequently, Auto Imports Have Struggled To Gain A Substantial Market Share, And Were Less Than 5% Of Sales Within China's Total Auto Market In 2017. "Imports never have been that large relative to China's total auto market (imports are less than 5 percent of sales, according to Keith Bradsher and Karl Russell of the New York Times). The growth came from booming demand, especially at the top end of the market." (Brad W. Setser, "Auto Trade With China," Council On Foreign Relations , 04/03/17)A Jeep Wrangler Manufactured In America Is Almost Double The Price In China Because Of The Taxes That The Government Charges On Every Car Manufactured In Another Country. "Manufactured in Toledo, Ohio, the Wrangler is a descendant of the jeeps that were used by American forces in World War II. Equipped with a 3.6-liter engine and a five-speed automatic transmission, the Rubicon edition of the Wrangler has a suggested retail price of $40,530 in the United States. But in China, the same vehicle would set a buyer back by a hefty $71,000, mostly because of taxes that Beijing charges on every car, minivan and sport utility vehicle that is made in another country and brought to China's shores." (Keith Bradsher, "China's Taxes On Imported Cars Feed Trade Tensions With U.S.," The New York Times , 03/20/17)U.S. Auto Companies Hoping To Manufacture Within China Are Required By Chinese Law To Form Joint Ventures With Chinese Companies Which Have Limited Opportunities And Market AccessU.S. Automakers Who Build In China Are Required By Law To Form Joint Ventures With Chinese Companies, And Those Companies Must Own 50% Or More Of The Venture. "When U.S. automakers like GM build in China, they are required by law to form joint ventures with Chinese companies. Those Chinese companies must own 50% or more of the venture." (Jonathan Swan, "Car Wars: Trump Plans Auto Fight With China," Axios , 05/19/17)Most Vehicles Sold In China Are Built There And Major U.S. Automakers Have Had To Establish Joint Ventures With Chinese Automakers. "But most vehicles sold in China are built there. GM, Ford and other automakers have already established joint ventures with Chinese automakers to manufacture vehicles there, as required by law." (Nathan Bome and Phoebe Wall Howard, "Chinese Auto Tariff Concessions? U.S. Auto Industry Could Benefit," USA Today , 04/10/18)The United States Chamber Of Commerce Reported The Way These Chinese Joint Venture Requirements And Foreign Equity Restrictions Block Opportunities For Foreign Auto Manufacturing Companies To Operate In The Chinese Market. "Current restrictions impact half of the priority industries in MIC 2025. Auto manufacturing, civil aviation, telecommunications, ship building, and railway equipment all have foreign equity restrictions or joint venture requirements. These restrictions either block opportunities for foreign companies to operate in the mark, or, in some cases, create a de facto technology transfer requirement to the Chinese partner as a pre-condition for market access." ("Made In China 2025: Global Ambitions Built On Local Protections," United States Chamber of Commerce , 03/16/17, p.25)Tesla CEO Elon Musk Has Compared The Obstacles Faced By The US Auto Industry In China To "Competing In An Olympic Race Wearing Lead Shoes." ("Elon Musk Says Trump's Import Tariffs Like an Olympic Race Wearing Lead Shoes," Reuters , 3/9/18)CHINA HAS BLOCKED U.S. WEBSITES IN FAVOR OF DOMESTIC COMPETITORSUnfair Chinese Regulatory Practices Pose A Threat To U.S. Technology CompaniesIn A March 2017 Report, USTR Found That U.S. Companies Are Being Harmed By Countries Blocking Or Restricting The Flow Of Digital Data And Services. "Other countries have looked to harm U.S. companies by blocking or unreasonably restricting the flow of digital data and services, or through theft of trade secrets ("The President's 2017 Trade Policy Agenda," The Office Of The United States Trade Representative , 3/17, pg. 4)Many American Technology Companies Have "Struggled" In China, For Example Facebook And Google Are Both Banned By The Chinese Censorship Regime. "Many American technology firms have struggled in China. Facebook and Google are both banned under the censorship regime in the world's second-largest economy." (Arjun Kharpal, "US Tech Firms Should Keep Trying To Crack China, Trade Body Says," CNBC , 6/6/17)The Washington Post Reported That Barriers To The Free Flow Of Data Erected By China And Others Threaten $400 Billion Of Annual U.S. Exports. "China, Russia, the European Union and other nations are erecting barriers to the free flow of data that companies increasingly sell as a product or use as a tool. Those obstacles threaten roughly $400 billion of annual U.S. exports and the bottom line of companies like IBM, Citibank, Federal Express and Visa." (David Lynch, "The U.S. Dominates The World Of Big Data. But Trump's NAFTA Demands Could Pat That At Risk," The Washington Post , 11/28/17)China Has Raised Barriers To The Free Flow Of Data, Blocking U.S. Websites And Instead Promoting Domestic CompetitorsIn 2016 The Chinese Government Adopted A Law That Requires Technology Products Supplied To The Chinese Government And Critical Industries To Be Reviewed By A Committee, Potentially Giving Local Companies A Competitive Edge. "The law, adopted late last year, sets up a committee to conduct security reviews of technology products supplied to the Chinese government and critical industries. Its requirements on matters such as technology disclosure and encryption could give local companies a competitive edge, the groups said in a letter reviewed by The Wall Street Journal." (Eva Dou, "Global Tech Companies Call On China To Delay Cybersecurity Law," The Wall Street Journal , 5/15/17)Though China's Internet Regulator Maintains The Rules Are Nondiscriminatory, The Vague Wording Could Hand Regulators "Broad Powers To Block A Technology Company's Products." "China's internet regulator couldn't be immediately reached for comment. In the past, it has maintained the rules are neutral and nondiscriminatory. Some of the law's provisions were softened after they drew criticism from western trade groups and governments. Wording requiring companies to submit 'source code' to prove their products are secure was removed in the final version of the law. Critics say the law's vague wording still hands Chinese regulators broad powers to block a technology company's products." (Eva Dou, "Global Tech Companies Call On China To Delay Cybersecurity Law," The Wall Street Journal , 5/15/17)A Report By The USTR Said That China Hoped To "Replace Foreign Information And Communications Technology Products And Services With Locally Produced Versions" By Imposing Cybersecurity Restrictions. "The report said China also is using a series of cybersecurity restrictions as part of an apparent long-term goal to replace foreign information and communications technology products and services with locally produced versions." ("US Trade Barriers Report Slams China On Overcapacity, Tech Transfer," CNBC , 3/31/18)Bloomberg Has Reported That China Has Excluded Thousands Of U.S. Websites Domestically, Including Eight Of The Twenty-Five Most Trafficked Global Sites. "Last year, China excluded thousands of U.S. websites from China, including eight of the 25 most-trafficked global sites. Yet, so far at least, there's been hardly a word of protest out of Washington against these systematic denials of market access." (Adam Minter, "The Great Firewall Is A Trade Barrier," Bloomberg , 03/26/17)This Protectionism Has Allowed For Domestic Companies To Flourish In The Absence Of Foreign Competition. "The Chinese government is doubtless aware of the opportunities that online protectionism creates for domestic companies. In June 2009, China blocked Twitter; two months later, Sina Corp. launched a wildly successful knock-off microblog, Weibo, that has thrived for years in the absence of foreign competition. Likewise, when Google announced in May 2010 that it was contemplating the total shutdown of its Chinese offices, the stock of Baidu Inc. -- its leading Chinese competitor and a keen observer and imitator of Google's business -- rallied 16.6 percent in a single day, while smaller rivals enjoyed similar bumps." (Adam Minter, "The Great Firewall Is A Trade Barrier," Bloomberg , 03/26/17)Load-Date: April 12, 2018End of Document

How China acquires 'the crown jewels' of U.S. technologyPolitico.comMay 22, 2018 Tuesday 1:15 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 5996 wordsByline: bbender@politico.com,  (Bryan Bender)Highlight: The U.S. fails to adequately police foreign deals for next-generation software that powers the military and American economic strength.BodyThe U.S. government was well aware of China's aggressive strategy of leveraging private investors to buy up the latest American technology when, early last year, a company called Avatar Integrated Systems showed up at a bankruptcy court in Delaware hoping to buy the California chip-designer ATop Tech.ATop's product was potentially groundbreaking - an automated designer capable of making microchips that could power anything from smartphones to high-tech weapons systems. It's the type of product that a U.S. government report had recently cited as "critical to defense systems and U.S. military strength." And the source of the money behind the buyer, Avatar, was an eye-opener: Its board chairman and sole officer was a Chinese steel magnate whose Hong Kong-based company was a major shareholder.Despite those factors, the transaction went through without an assessment by the U.S. government committee that is charged with reviewing acquisitions of sensitive technology by foreign interests.In fact, a six-month POLITICO investigation found that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, the main vehicle for protecting American technology from foreign governments, rarely polices the various new avenues Chinese nationals use to secure access to American technology, such as bankruptcy courts or the foreign venture capital firms that bankroll U.S. tech startups.The committee, known by its acronym CFIUS, isn't required to review any deals, relying instead on outsiders or other government agencies to raise questions about the appropriateness of a proposed merger, acquisition or investment. And even if it had a more formal mandate, the committee lacks the resources to deal with increasingly complex cases, which revolve around lines of code and reams of personal data more than physical infrastructure. "I knew what was critical in 1958 - tanks, airplanes, avionics. Now, truthfully, everything is information. The world is about information, not about things," said Paul Rosenzweig, who worked with CFIUS while at the Department of Homeland Security during President George W. Bush's second term. "And that means everything is critical infrastructure. That, in some sense, means CFIUS really should be managing all global trade."As a senior official at the Treasury Department, which oversees CFIUS, put it: "Any time we see a company that has lots of data on Americans - health care, personal financial data - that's a vulnerability."When CFIUS was formed, in the 1970s, the companies safeguarding important technology were so large that any takeover attempt by foreigners would be certain to attract attention. Now, much of the cutting-edge technology in the United States is in the hands of much smaller firms, including Silicon Valley startups that are hungry for cash from investors. The gap in oversight became a more urgent problem in 2015, when China unveiled its "Made in China 2025" strategy of working with private investors to buy overseas tech firms. A year earlier, Chinese investments in U.S. tech startups had totaled $2.3 billion, according to the economic research firm CB Insights. Such investments immediately skyrocketed to $9.9 billion in 2015. These amounts dipped the following year, as the Obama administration voided a high-profile deal, but analysts say China's appetite to buy U.S. firms and technology is still strong. In 2017, there were 165 Chinese-backed deals closed with American startups, only 12 percent  less than the 2015 peak. Yet the failure to investigate some forms of Chinese investments in American technology has flown under the radar as President Donald Trump goes tit for tat with Beijing, imposing tariffs meant to punish China for unfair trade practices. Critics noted on Monday that Trump's tentative agreement to drop his tariff threat in exchange for Chinese pledges to purchase billions of dollars more in American goods avoided any mention of the outdated foreign-investment policies that have alarmed lawmakers across the political spectrum.On the Senate floor Monday,  Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) lashed out at Trump's approach. "China's trade negotiators must be laughing themselves all the way back to Beijing," he said. "They're playing us for fools -&nbsp;temporary purchase of some goods, while China continues to steal our family jewels, the things that have made America great: the intellectual property, the know-how in the highest end industries. It makes no sense."National security specialists insist that such a stealth transfer of technology through China's investment practices in the United States is a far more serious problem than the tariff dispute - and a problem hiding in plain sight. A recent Pentagon report bluntly declared: "The U.S. does not have a comprehensive policy or the tools to address this massive technology transfer to China." It went on to warn that Beijing's acquisition of top-notch American technology is enabling a "strategic competitor to access the crown jewels of U.S. innovation."Some congressional leaders concur. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) regularly warns his colleagues that China is using private-sector investments to pilfer American technology. China has "weaponized" its investments in America "in order to vacuum up U.S. industrial capabilities from American companies," Cornyn said at a January hearing. The goal, he added, is "to turn our own technology and know-how against us in an effort to erase our national security advantage."Legislation to expand the CFIUS budget and staff has been moving slowly through the halls of Congress amid pushback from Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and business groups. The legislation would give CFIUS new resources to scrutinize bankruptcy purchases and establish stricter scrutiny of start-up investments.As months passed without any action, and the issue of Chinese investments got overshadowed by tariff fights and feuds between Beijing and the Trump administration, national security experts grew more concerned, fearing that Congress lacked a sense of urgency to police transfers of sensitive technology.The White House began exploring what more it could do on its own, asking the Treasury Department in late March to offer a list of potential Chinese investment restrictions within 60 days.Finally, earlier this month, Senate and House leaders announced plans to mark up the bill, starting a process that could lead to passage later this year.Still, the failure to act more quickly may itself be jeopardizing national security. At a hearing in January, Heath Tarbert, the Treasury Department assistant secretary overseeing CFIUS, testified that allowing foreign countries to invest in U.S. technology without making sufficient background checks "will have a real cost in American lives in any conflict.""That is simply unacceptable," he said.Last October, Chinese President Xi Jinping took the podium before 2,300 Communist Party delegates to deliver his expansive vision for China's future. Xi was speaking at the party's 19th Congress, a summit held every five years to choose the nation's leaders in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, the expansive theater right off Tiananmen Square. Speaking in front of a giant gold hammer and sickle framed by bright red drapes, Xi held forth for  3&frac12; hours, declaring that China would look outward to solve its problems. "China will not close its door to the world - we will only become more and more open," Xi declared to his rapt audience of party leaders, many of them having close ties to the billionaire investors who represent China in the global market. "We will deepen reform of the investment and financing systems, and enable investment to play a crucial role in improving the supply structure."China watchers said Xi was alluding to the government's relatively new economic plan, dubbed "Made in China 2025," which leaders had unveiled in 2015. The detailed vision shifted the focus on domestic research investments to the need to pump money into - and better understand - foreign markets."We will," the document proclaimed, "guide enterprises to integrate into local culture.""We will," the document continued, "support enterprises to perform mergers, equity investment and venture capital investment overseas."At the top of the investment wish list were high-tech industries like artificial intelligence, robotics and space travel.For the increasingly powerful Chinese leader, it was the culmination of years of efforts to guide how China spends its blossoming wealth. In addition to luring foreign companies to China, Xi wanted the country - which is sitting on several trillion dollars in foreign exchange reserves - to start investing abroad.The plan had "much more money behind it" and "much more coordination" between Beijing and Chinese industrialists than previous economic strategies, according to Scott Kennedy, an expert on Chinese economic policy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington think tank that specializes in defense matters. "And a big component of that is acquiring technology abroad," he said. From 2015 to 2017, Chinese venture capitalists pumped money into hot companies like Uber and Airbnb, but also dozens of burgeoning firms with little or no name recognition. The country didn't just want "trophy assets," Kennedy explained. China's leaders wanted to "fill in some of the gaps they have" in China's tech economy.While the Asian power has piled up profits from its large manufacturing plants that churn out low-cost products, the Beijing government realized it would face declining productivity unless its economy, from agriculture to manufacturing, adopted high-tech methods. Essentially, China wanted to automate entire industries - including car manufacturing, food production and electronics - and bring the whole process in-house. So Beijing's leaders encouraged the country's cash-rich investors to search for "emerging companies that have technologies that may be extremely important ... but aren't proven," Kennedy said. The initiative has spawned investments in American startups that work on robotics, energy equipment and next-generation IT. Of particular concern to U.S. national security officials is the semiconductor industry, which makes the microchips that provide the "guts" of many advance technologies that China is seeking to leverage."A concerted push by China to reshape the market in its favor, using industrial policies backed by over one hundred billion dollars in government-directed funds, threatens the competitiveness of U.S. industry and the national and global benefits it brings," declared a January 2017 report from the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, warning of the urgent threat to U.S. superiority in semiconductor technology. Notably, many of China's investments didn't register on the CFIUS radar. They involved the early-seed funding of tech firms in Silicon Valley and low-profile purchases such as the one in Delaware bankruptcy court. They included joint ventures with microchip manufacturers, and the research and development centers created with international partners."They have diversified to look for smaller targets,"  Kennedy said. "Those things typically do not generate a CFIUS reaction. That is part of it." CFIUS was set up by Congress in 1975 amid growing concerns about oil-rich countries in the Middle East buying up American companies, from energy firms to armsmakers. Chaired by the Treasury Department, the committee brought together representatives from all the major Cabinet agencies to assess the financial, technological and national security threats posed by such investments. For its first decade, however, CFIUS existed mostly as an obscure research body.  From 1975  to 1980, the committee  met only 10 times, according to congressional reports.Japan's economic ascendance in the 1980s changed that. The Defense Department asked CFIUS to step in and investigate potential Japanese purchases of a U.S. steel producer and a company that made ball bearings for the military. In 1988, Congress gave the committee the authority to recommend that the president nix a deal altogether. Still, the committee remained mostly an ad hoc operation into the 1990s. "Bureaucratically it was not a very smooth, functioning operation," recalled Steve Grundman, who worked as part of the committee during the Clinton administration. "We had to pick up some intelligence here, some technology assessment there, some industrial analysis hither."After the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Congress renewed its interest in CFIUS, passing legislation that instructed the committee to consider a deal's effect on "homeland security" and "critical industries," a notable change, according to Rosenzweig, the DHS official who worked with CFIUS during the George W. Bush administration. The directive gave the committee a mandate to keep an eye on a wider array of industries, such as hospitals and banks, that DHS considered "critical" to keeping American society operating. Rosenzweig called it a "singular shift." Over time, he said, the committee went from reviewing acquisitions of steel companies - involving just two parties and a tangible product - to investigating technically complex purchases of microchip companies and other software or data-rich firms."When I first came to CFIUS, the filings from the other side would be a few-page letter about why this was a good deal," Rosenzweig said. "Now it's a stack of books that's up to my knee."The committee's staffing and resources have not kept pace with the growing workload, multiple people who work with CFIUS told POLITICO. While the Treasury Department has been hiring staffers and contractors to help handle the record workload, the committee's overall resources are subject to the whims of the individual agencies involved in the process, said Stephen Heifetz, who oversaw the CFIUS work at DHS during the second Bush administration. There is no single budget or staffing figure for CFIUS. Instead, each agency decides the level of personnel and funding it's willing to commit to the committee. The Treasury Department and DHS have two of the larger CFIUS teams, Heifetz said. During his tenure, Heifetz's DHS squad included roughly 10 people, split equally between government workers and outside contractors. "Each agency decides more or less on their own how they're going to staff it," Heifetz said.At Treasury, there are now between 20 and 30 people working for CFIUS, according to a senior department official. But even with the expanded team, the committee is stretched precariously thin. The official described 80-hour workweeks, regular weekend work and no ability to take time off. "It's enough to handle the current mandate, but not comfortably," the official said.Amid this uncertainty over resources, CFIUS investigations into foreign acquisitions nearly tripled  from 2009  to 2015. The most common foreign investor that hits the CFIUS radar is now China. Nearly 20 percent of the committee's reviews  from 2013  to 2015, the most recent data available, involved the Asian power, easily ahead of second-place Canada at just under 13 percent.Since 2015, the Treasury official said, those trends have only continued: Chinese deals now represent a large plurality of the committee's work.The attention appears to be well-founded. In recent years, China has been repeatedly accused of industrial espionage - using indirect means to obtain American software and military secrets, everything from the code that powers wind turbines to the designs that produce the Pentagon's modern F-35 fighter jets. And several Chinese businessmen have pleaded guilty to participating in complex conspiracies to get their hands on sensitive technical data from U.S. firms and shuttle it back to Beijing. Again and again, high-tech products and military equipment have popped up in China that bear a too-striking resemblance to their American counterparts. Spurred by these incidents, CFIUS has successfully advised the president to nix Chinese deals at a record clip. In December  2016,  President Barack Obama stopped a Chinese investment fund from acquiring the U.S. subsidiary of a German semiconductor manufacturer - only the third time a president had taken such a step at that point. In September 2017, Trump halted a China-backed investor from buying the American semiconductor maker Lattice, citing national security concerns. Three months later, a Chinese company's plan to acquire the American money transfer company MoneyGram fell apart when the two sides realized they would likely not get CFIUS approval because of concerns that the personal data of millions of Americans - including military personnel - could fall into the hands of the Chinese military. Weeks after that, the committee essentially jettisoned a Chinese state-backed group's attempt to buy Xcerra, a Massachusetts-based tech company that makes equipment to test computer chips and circuit boards. Then, in March, Trump blocked the purchase of the chipmaker Qualcomm by Singapore-based Broadcom Ltd. CFIUS said such a move could weaken Qualcomm, and thereby the United States, as it vies with foreign rivals such as China's Huawei Technologies to develop the next generation of wireless technology known as 5G.To national security leaders, though, CFIUS is still only scratching the surface of China's ambitions to acquire U.S. technology, noting that traditional sale-and-purchase agreements to obtain a U.S. company aren't the only ways to gain access to cutting-edge technology."You can buy a [partial] interest in a company and gain access to the same type of technology," Attorney General Jeff Sessions told Congress in October, adding that Justice Department investigators "are really worried about our loss of technology" in instances where Chinese investors buy small stakes in American tech companies.The U.S. military has raised similar concerns. Defense Secretary  Jim Mattis warned last summer that America is failing to restrict foreign investments in certain types of critical industries, testifying during another hearing that CFIUS is "outdated" and "needs to be updated to deal with today's situation." The case that occurred last summer in an obscure courtroom in Delaware seemed innocuous enough: one relatively small tech firm buying out a bankrupt competitor, a transaction that elicited about as much drama as mailing a letter.The bankrupt semiconductor maker ATop Tech had only 86 employees when it was declared insolvent. But it had a more than a $1 billion market share of the electronic-design automation and integrated circuits markets, the company told the bankruptcy court, giving it potential value to any player seeking to enter the highly specialized semiconductor industry.Avatar Integrated Systems, the company seeking to purchase ATop, was apparently such a player. But it was not well known to others in the semiconductor industry, and its precise ownership was a bit of a mystery. The sole director listed on its incorporation papers was a Hong Kong-based businessman named Jingyuan Han, and it issued shares to King Mark International Limited, a Hong Kong company in which Han was an investor. Avatar was set up in March 2017, according to the company. The transaction went ahead despite concerns raised to the court by other players in the semiconductor industry, as well as those of a former senior Pentagon official who specifically suggested the Chinese government may be backing Avatar.The former Pentagon official, Joseph Benkert, was enlisted by another American semiconductor company, Synopsys, to help recoup money it was owed by ATop. He warned the court that the deal might have national security risks."CFIUS has identified businesses engaged in design and production of semiconductors as presenting possible national security vulnerabilities because they may be useful in defending, or seeking to impair, U.S. national security, as semiconductor design or production may have both commercial or military applications," Benkert, the former assistant secretary of defense for global affairs under the second Bush administration, wrote to the court. Benkert argued that the question of Avatar's ownership needed more review given that the company appeared to be "under the control of Han, a Chinese national.""In my opinion," Benkert wrote, "the proposed transaction is likely to receive thorough CFIUS scrutiny and there is a material risk that it will not receive CFIUS approval."But despite those concerns, the deal to buy ATop Tech was not given a formal review by CFIUS, according to a senior administration official with direct knowledge of the process. A Treasury Department official, speaking on behalf of CFIUS, declined to comment on the merger.An Avatar official, reached at the company office in Santa Clara, California, did not respond to questions or a request for an interview with Han. The company did not respond to multiple requests to discuss its relationship - if any - with the Chinese government or the details of its business.Han, who has been described in media reports as one of China's wealthiest men, has spent his career almost entirely in the iron and steel industries. Avatar's scant history seemed to suggest that it was created for the sole purpose of acquiring an established American semiconductor firm like ATop Tech, according to several former national security officials who still work on CFIUS cases.Attempts to reach Han through China Oriental Group, the iron and steel company that he runs, were also unsuccessful.Officials familiar with the CFIUS process say that bankruptcy deals such as the Atop-Avatar case sometimes fall off their radar because of difficulty in discerning whether Chinese investors are working with the government. In other bankruptcy cases, Chinese investment in a potential buyer may not be visible in official filings, especially when a web of holding companies is involved. Thus, say current and former officials working with CFIUS, a significant amount of detective work is necessary to discern both the identity and the intentions of the investors.Traditionally, courts have defined control of a company as "the ability to direct management to make certain decisions." But a former Treasury Department official said CFIUS needs to focus on "beneficial ownership," defined as having the ability to obtain technology from the firm, rather than overall decision-making power."It is very hard to find beneficial ownership," said the official. "Our concern is the capacity of the system to deal with these."The bills pending in Congress to strengthen the CFIUS review process include provisions designed to make scrutiny of bankruptcy cases easier. The bills would require CFIUS to "prescribe regulations to clarify that the term 'covered transaction' includes any transaction ... that arises pursuant to a bankruptcy proceeding or other form of default on debt."A sharper focus on bankruptcy cases, particularly in making sure CFIUS scrutinizes investors to ties to foreign governments,  is desperately needed, said a former Pentagon official who is still involved in CFIUS cases. "How do they find out about it now? They are reading The Wall Street Journal late at night," the official said. "It is not a very systematic process."The former official also recalled that in the past, the Pentagon has hired an outside contractor to scour around for unreported transactions that might raise some national security flags, such as in the semiconductor or aerospace sectors. Such checks need to be performed in a more systematic way."There is no process for surfacing information out of the bankruptcy courts," the official said.In Silicon Valley, Chinese investment isn't typically viewed as a threat, but rather more of a blessing.Chris Nicholson, co-founder of Skymind, an artificial intelligence company that makes the type of cutting-edge software that both the United States and China covet, recalls the many long months he spent in 2014 trudging up and down Sand Hill Road, the heart of Silicon Valley's leading venture capital firms, and all the doors that slammed shut."That was a long, dry year for us," he told POLITICO.Nicholson hadn't sought Chinese money. But then Tencent, China's internet and telecommunications giant and now one of the world's largest companies, approached the firm, offering $200,000 in seed funding. The Chinese monetary infusion buoyed Skymind, which soon landed a coveted spot in Y Combinator, the powerful startup accelerator. American investors, who had only months earlier eschewed the firm's overtures, quickly changed their tune. Chinese investment soon beget American investment."It was that crucial piece of Chinese capital that allowed us to survive," Nicholson said. "That's all it took. Now we're a company with 35 employees."Reflecting a common feeling among his cohorts in Silicon Valley startups, Nicholson insisted that working with Chinese investors does not mean granting Beijing officials access to the coding process. "My American co-founder and I are in control," Nicholson said, noting that Skymind has given up none of the rights to its intellectual property and has made its code "open sourced," which means the code is freely available for cybersecurity experts to inspect, audit and offer suggestions. But Bryan Ware, CEO of Haystax Technology, which works with law enforcement, defense and intelligence clients on securing their technologies, cast some doubt on the idea that the owners of tech startups would naturally refuse to share details of their technology with their investors: "If you've got a Chinese investor and that's the lifeblood that's going to allow you to get your product out the door, or allow you to hire your next developer, telling them, 'No, you can't do that,' or, 'No you shouldn't do that,' while you have no other alternatives for financing - that's just the nature of the dilemma.""Every investment comes with a risk of some loss of intellectual property or foreign influence and control,"  Ware said. And too many Silicon Valley deals exist in a "netherworld" between passive investment and absolute takeover, "where there's access to information, technical information, [and] there is the ability to influence and potentially coerce management," according to the senior Treasury Department official.One major concern among specialists like Ware is that Beijing officials could use early Chinese investments in next-generation technology to map the software the federal government and even the Defense Department may one day use - and perhaps even corrupt it in ways that would give China a window into sensitive U.S. information.A POLITICO review of 185 tech startups with Chinese investors found just over 5 percent had received government contracts, loans or grants ranging from a few thousand dollars to several million dollars. Often, the contracts simply involved research - renewable energy for the Energy Department, electronics and communications equipment for the Pentagon, space technology for NASA. Others ordered lab equipment for the Commerce Department, or machine tools for the military."There's a tremendous amount of intelligence value there,"  Ware said. "All governments desire to know what other governments are doing. And knowing the technologies and how they work I think is a big part of that."While there's no indication that the firms had U.S. government contracts at the time that Chinese investors became involved, that may be part of China's strategy. Derek Scissors, who manages the American Enterprise Institute's China Global Investment Tracker, an exhaustive database of China's major global investments, said that as welcome as the surge of Chinese-funded deals may be in Silicon Valley, the engine behind them is the Chinese government. China's Silicon Valley investment strategy "was shaped by the state and that shaping has gotten tighter," he said.Still, many Chinese investments in the United States are not directly backed by the Beijing government, but it can be hard to distinguish.Some prominent Chinese VC firms in Silicon Valley have clear links to the government. Westlake Ventures, for example, received funding from the government in the coastal Chinese city of Hangzhou, according to media reports and a Pentagon research paper. And Westlake has put money into other VC funds, such as the WI Harper Group, which has a stake in a wide slate of American tech companies, from a dating app to a three-dimensional imaging company to a maker of robot cooks. Westlake did not respond to a request for comment.But it's not always easy to trace the money back to a single source, let alone determine what connection that source has to Beijing's Communist leadership. Haiyin Capital, a Beijing-based VC firm, is partially backed by a state-run Chinese company, according to a company release. Also complex is ZGC Capital Corporation - located in Silicon Valley and focused on providing startups with basic business help - is a subsidiary of a state-owned enterprise funded by the Beijing government, according to the organizations' websites. Attempts to reach each organization were unsuccessful.Security and economics experts say they are unsure how much financial or national security harm these Chinese investments are actually causing the United States - if any - simply because it may not be clear for years exactly how important the technology may be.In the meantime, entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley are blunt: America actually needs Chinese money to maintain its global tech advantage."Here's my warning shot,"  Nicholson said. "If we make it difficult for foreign talent and foreign capital to find each other by over-regulating early-stage startup investing ... we will lose our supremacy as the top tech economy in the world."In Washington, Silicon Valley's warning has been heard loudly enough to delay the passage of a bill to strengthen the CFIUS process, despite the support of such bipartisan figures as Cornyn, the second-ranking Senate Republican, and California's own Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee.Last year, after a cascade of warnings from the Defense Department, Justice Department and other powerful sources, both the House and Senate seemed ready to take action to strengthen oversight of foreign investment in technology companies.The bipartisan proposal would direct CFIUS to consider whether pending investments would erode America's technological edge, enable a foreign government to utilize digital spying powers that might be used against the United States, or give sensitive data - even indirectly - to a foreign government. Similarly, it would expand the definition of "critical industries" - a reference to sectors like banking, defense or energy - to include "critical technologies," a significant expansion of the committee's current mandate. Under the bill, CFIUS would have to create a system to monitor transactions that aren't voluntarily brought to the committee's attention.The measure would also centralize some of the committee's functions and allow the committee to charge filing fees up to 1 percent of the total value of the transaction up to $300,000, and let Treasury offer a single CFIUS budget request rather than relying on contributions from other departments.The Trump administration offered a full-throated endorsement of the bill in January, saying it "would strengthen our ability to protect national security and enhance confidence in our longstanding open investment policy."And while the bill doesn't explicitly cite China, the provisions are clearly aimed at limiting its access to the most sensitive areas."Any Chinese-related company that is part of our supply chain is a concern to me," Rep. Robert Pittenger (R-N.C.), a lead House sponsor of the bill, told POLITICO.Pittenger insisted that Congress' inaction is allowing China to brazenly pilfer the technology that drives America's military might, and sell that technology to adversaries like Iran and North Korea. He noted that a Treasury official told him getting the bill signed is the department's No. 1 legislative priority for 2018."We can't turn a blind eye to this," Pittenger said.But many technology entrepreneurs believe the bill would simply drive cutting-edge research overseas. In 2016, foreign investors injected $373 billion into the United States, a figure that has been mostly increasing since the early 2000s, according to government data. Lengthening the CFIUS review time - currently 30 days, but set to extend to 45 days under the new bill - could damage the "brittle process" of early-stage fundraising, said Nicholson, who encouraged lawmakers to focus on expanding CFIUS powers in other areas, such as bankruptcy courts. "I worry that they're driving a bulldozer towards a rose garden," said Nicholson, echoing his claim that training the CFIUS lens on Silicon Valley could scare off the very financing that keeps America growing.IBM's vice president for regulatory affairs, Christopher Padilla, agreed, warning at a January hearing that the bill "could constitute the most economically harmful imposition of unilateral trade restrictions by the United States in many decades."He raised particular concerns about expanding CFIUS authority to cover foreign investments in "critical technologies," a phrase tech leaders say is worryingly opaque and that could force companies peddling sensitive technology to have every single sale reviewed.Padilla called it a "we'll know it when we see it" approach to regulating that "would be deeply damaging to U.S. competitiveness, and, more important, could lead to a false sense of security."Some industry groups have suggested that the bill should delineate these technologies - robotics or artificial intelligence, for instance - to avoid having every deal scrutinized from top to bottom. "We would be well served to define those issues from the outset," said Dean Garfield, CEO of the Information Technology Industry Council, a trade group representing industry heavyweights such as Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Twitter. Garfield said getting the bill revised is a top-five issue for ITI in 2018.He cautioned that the bill, as written, could spike the number of annual CFIUS reviews from "a few hundred deals" to "a few thousand."Proponents, however, feel that specifying specific technologies might be impossible. The software powering the country - from waterways to missile systems - is constantly changing and evolving, they say. Instead, they suggest, new CFIUS funds and a streamlined reporting process would help keep the growing stream of deal reviews moving."For the price of a single B-21 bomber, we can fund an updated CFIUS process and protect our key capabilities for several years," Cornyn said at a hearing. "That is a down payment on long-term national security." Nonetheless, lawmakers have been working to address industry complaints, making tweaks to the legislation. And just last week, lawmakers made a breakthrough, agreeing to slightly narrow the bill's scope, raising the chances the measure will make it to the president's desk.The House and Senate are scheduled to mark up their respective CFIUS bills on Tuesday, and lawmakers now are angling to attach the legislation to the annual, must-pass defense authorization bill as a way to guarantee it gets through. But lingering disputes could still derail the process. National security leaders and lawmakers warn that these squabbles, while reflecting sincerely held positions, are simply delaying necessary action. At that January hearing, Cornyn described a changing reality if CFIUS is left in its current iteration."Just imagine if China's military was stronger, faster and more lethal," Cornyn said."That is what the future likely holds," he added, "unless we act."Load-Date: May 23, 2018End of Document

How China acquires 'the crown jewels' of U.S. technologyPolitico.comMay 26, 2018 Saturday 1:36 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 5996 wordsByline: bbender@politico.com,  (Bryan Bender)Highlight: The U.S. fails to adequately police foreign deals for next-generation software that powers the military and American economic strength.BodyThe U.S. government was well aware of China's aggressive strategy of leveraging private investors to buy up the latest American technology when, early last year, a company called Avatar Integrated Systems showed up at a bankruptcy court in Delaware hoping to buy the California chip-designer ATop Tech.ATop's product was potentially groundbreaking - an automated designer capable of making microchips that could power anything from smartphones to high-tech weapons systems. It's the type of product that a U.S. government report had recently cited as "critical to defense systems and U.S. military strength." And the source of the money behind the buyer, Avatar, was an eye-opener: Its board chairman and sole officer was a Chinese steel magnate whose Hong Kong-based company was a major shareholder.Despite those factors, the transaction went through without an assessment by the U.S. government committee that is charged with reviewing acquisitions of sensitive technology by foreign interests.In fact, a six-month POLITICO investigation found that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, the main vehicle for protecting American technology from foreign governments, rarely polices the various new avenues Chinese nationals use to secure access to American technology, such as bankruptcy courts or the foreign venture capital firms that bankroll U.S. tech startups.The committee, known by its acronym CFIUS, isn't required to review any deals, relying instead on outsiders or other government agencies to raise questions about the appropriateness of a proposed merger, acquisition or investment. And even if it had a more formal mandate, the committee lacks the resources to deal with increasingly complex cases, which revolve around lines of code and reams of personal data more than physical infrastructure. "I knew what was critical in 1958 - tanks, airplanes, avionics. Now, truthfully, everything is information. The world is about information, not about things," said Paul Rosenzweig, who worked with CFIUS while at the Department of Homeland Security during President George W. Bush's second term. "And that means everything is critical infrastructure. That, in some sense, means CFIUS really should be managing all global trade."As a senior official at the Treasury Department, which oversees CFIUS, put it: "Any time we see a company that has lots of data on Americans - health care, personal financial data - that's a vulnerability."When CFIUS was formed, in the 1970s, the companies safeguarding important technology were so large that any takeover attempt by foreigners would be certain to attract attention. Now, much of the cutting-edge technology in the United States is in the hands of much smaller firms, including Silicon Valley startups that are hungry for cash from investors. The gap in oversight became a more urgent problem in 2015, when China unveiled its "Made in China 2025" strategy of working with private investors to buy overseas tech firms. A year earlier, Chinese investments in U.S. tech startups had totaled $2.3 billion, according to the economic research firm CB Insights. Such investments immediately skyrocketed to $9.9 billion in 2015. These amounts dipped the following year, as the Obama administration voided a high-profile deal, but analysts say China's appetite to buy U.S. firms and technology is still strong. In 2017, there were 165 Chinese-backed deals closed with American startups, only 12 percent  less than the 2015 peak. Yet the failure to investigate some forms of Chinese investments in American technology has flown under the radar as President Donald Trump goes tit for tat with Beijing, imposing tariffs meant to punish China for unfair trade practices. Critics noted on Monday that Trump's tentative agreement to drop his tariff threat in exchange for Chinese pledges to purchase billions of dollars more in American goods avoided any mention of the outdated foreign-investment policies that have alarmed lawmakers across the political spectrum.On the Senate floor Monday,  Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) lashed out at Trump's approach. "China's trade negotiators must be laughing themselves all the way back to Beijing," he said. "They're playing us for fools -&nbsp;temporary purchase of some goods, while China continues to steal our family jewels, the things that have made America great: the intellectual property, the know-how in the highest end industries. It makes no sense."National security specialists insist that such a stealth transfer of technology through China's investment practices in the United States is a far more serious problem than the tariff dispute - and a problem hiding in plain sight. A recent Pentagon report bluntly declared: "The U.S. does not have a comprehensive policy or the tools to address this massive technology transfer to China." It went on to warn that Beijing's acquisition of top-notch American technology is enabling a "strategic competitor to access the crown jewels of U.S. innovation."Some congressional leaders concur. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) regularly warns his colleagues that China is using private-sector investments to pilfer American technology. China has "weaponized" its investments in America "in order to vacuum up U.S. industrial capabilities from American companies," Cornyn said at a January hearing. The goal, he added, is "to turn our own technology and know-how against us in an effort to erase our national security advantage."Legislation to expand the CFIUS budget and staff has been moving slowly through the halls of Congress amid pushback from Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and business groups. The legislation would give CFIUS new resources to scrutinize bankruptcy purchases and establish stricter scrutiny of start-up investments.As months passed without any action, and the issue of Chinese investments got overshadowed by tariff fights and feuds between Beijing and the Trump administration, national security experts grew more concerned, fearing that Congress lacked a sense of urgency to police transfers of sensitive technology.The White House began exploring what more it could do on its own, asking the Treasury Department in late March to offer a list of potential Chinese investment restrictions within 60 days.Finally, earlier this month, Senate and House leaders announced plans to mark up the bill, starting a process that could lead to passage later this year.Still, the failure to act more quickly may itself be jeopardizing national security. At a hearing in January, Heath Tarbert, the Treasury Department assistant secretary overseeing CFIUS, testified that allowing foreign countries to invest in U.S. technology without making sufficient background checks "will have a real cost in American lives in any conflict.""That is simply unacceptable," he said.Last October, Chinese President Xi Jinping took the podium before 2,300 Communist Party delegates to deliver his expansive vision for China's future. Xi was speaking at the party's 19th Congress, a summit held every five years to choose the nation's leaders in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, the expansive theater right off Tiananmen Square. Speaking in front of a giant gold hammer and sickle framed by bright red drapes, Xi held forth for  3&frac12; hours, declaring that China would look outward to solve its problems. "China will not close its door to the world - we will only become more and more open," Xi declared to his rapt audience of party leaders, many of them having close ties to the billionaire investors who represent China in the global market. "We will deepen reform of the investment and financing systems, and enable investment to play a crucial role in improving the supply structure."China watchers said Xi was alluding to the government's relatively new economic plan, dubbed "Made in China 2025," which leaders had unveiled in 2015. The detailed vision shifted the focus on domestic research investments to the need to pump money into - and better understand - foreign markets."We will," the document proclaimed, "guide enterprises to integrate into local culture.""We will," the document continued, "support enterprises to perform mergers, equity investment and venture capital investment overseas."At the top of the investment wish list were high-tech industries like artificial intelligence, robotics and space travel.For the increasingly powerful Chinese leader, it was the culmination of years of efforts to guide how China spends its blossoming wealth. In addition to luring foreign companies to China, Xi wanted the country - which is sitting on several trillion dollars in foreign exchange reserves - to start investing abroad.The plan had "much more money behind it" and "much more coordination" between Beijing and Chinese industrialists than previous economic strategies, according to Scott Kennedy, an expert on Chinese economic policy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington think tank that specializes in defense matters. "And a big component of that is acquiring technology abroad," he said. From 2015 to 2017, Chinese venture capitalists pumped money into hot companies like Uber and Airbnb, but also dozens of burgeoning firms with little or no name recognition. The country didn't just want "trophy assets," Kennedy explained. China's leaders wanted to "fill in some of the gaps they have" in China's tech economy.While the Asian power has piled up profits from its large manufacturing plants that churn out low-cost products, the Beijing government realized it would face declining productivity unless its economy, from agriculture to manufacturing, adopted high-tech methods. Essentially, China wanted to automate entire industries - including car manufacturing, food production and electronics - and bring the whole process in-house. So Beijing's leaders encouraged the country's cash-rich investors to search for "emerging companies that have technologies that may be extremely important ... but aren't proven," Kennedy said. The initiative has spawned investments in American startups that work on robotics, energy equipment and next-generation IT. Of particular concern to U.S. national security officials is the semiconductor industry, which makes the microchips that provide the "guts" of many advance technologies that China is seeking to leverage."A concerted push by China to reshape the market in its favor, using industrial policies backed by over one hundred billion dollars in government-directed funds, threatens the competitiveness of U.S. industry and the national and global benefits it brings," declared a January 2017 report from the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, warning of the urgent threat to U.S. superiority in semiconductor technology. Notably, many of China's investments didn't register on the CFIUS radar. They involved the early-seed funding of tech firms in Silicon Valley and low-profile purchases such as the one in Delaware bankruptcy court. They included joint ventures with microchip manufacturers, and the research and development centers created with international partners."They have diversified to look for smaller targets,"  Kennedy said. "Those things typically do not generate a CFIUS reaction. That is part of it." CFIUS was set up by Congress in 1975 amid growing concerns about oil-rich countries in the Middle East buying up American companies, from energy firms to armsmakers. Chaired by the Treasury Department, the committee brought together representatives from all the major Cabinet agencies to assess the financial, technological and national security threats posed by such investments. For its first decade, however, CFIUS existed mostly as an obscure research body.  From 1975  to 1980, the committee  met only 10 times, according to congressional reports.Japan's economic ascendance in the 1980s changed that. The Defense Department asked CFIUS to step in and investigate potential Japanese purchases of a U.S. steel producer and a company that made ball bearings for the military. In 1988, Congress gave the committee the authority to recommend that the president nix a deal altogether. Still, the committee remained mostly an ad hoc operation into the 1990s. "Bureaucratically it was not a very smooth, functioning operation," recalled Steve Grundman, who worked as part of the committee during the Clinton administration. "We had to pick up some intelligence here, some technology assessment there, some industrial analysis hither."After the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Congress renewed its interest in CFIUS, passing legislation that instructed the committee to consider a deal's effect on "homeland security" and "critical industries," a notable change, according to Rosenzweig, the DHS official who worked with CFIUS during the George W. Bush administration. The directive gave the committee a mandate to keep an eye on a wider array of industries, such as hospitals and banks, that DHS considered "critical" to keeping American society operating. Rosenzweig called it a "singular shift." Over time, he said, the committee went from reviewing acquisitions of steel companies - involving just two parties and a tangible product - to investigating technically complex purchases of microchip companies and other software or data-rich firms."When I first came to CFIUS, the filings from the other side would be a few-page letter about why this was a good deal," Rosenzweig said. "Now it's a stack of books that's up to my knee."The committee's staffing and resources have not kept pace with the growing workload, multiple people who work with CFIUS told POLITICO. While the Treasury Department has been hiring staffers and contractors to help handle the record workload, the committee's overall resources are subject to the whims of the individual agencies involved in the process, said Stephen Heifetz, who oversaw the CFIUS work at DHS during the second Bush administration. There is no single budget or staffing figure for CFIUS. Instead, each agency decides the level of personnel and funding it's willing to commit to the committee. The Treasury Department and DHS have two of the larger CFIUS teams, Heifetz said. During his tenure, Heifetz's DHS squad included roughly 10 people, split equally between government workers and outside contractors. "Each agency decides more or less on their own how they're going to staff it," Heifetz said.At Treasury, there are now between 20 and 30 people working for CFIUS, according to a senior department official. But even with the expanded team, the committee is stretched precariously thin. The official described 80-hour workweeks, regular weekend work and no ability to take time off. "It's enough to handle the current mandate, but not comfortably," the official said.Amid this uncertainty over resources, CFIUS investigations into foreign acquisitions nearly tripled  from 2009  to 2015. The most common foreign investor that hits the CFIUS radar is now China. Nearly 20 percent of the committee's reviews  from 2013  to 2015, the most recent data available, involved the Asian power, easily ahead of second-place Canada at just under 13 percent.Since 2015, the Treasury official said, those trends have only continued: Chinese deals now represent a large plurality of the committee's work.The attention appears to be well-founded. In recent years, China has been repeatedly accused of industrial espionage - using indirect means to obtain American software and military secrets, everything from the code that powers wind turbines to the designs that produce the Pentagon's modern F-35 fighter jets. And several Chinese businessmen have pleaded guilty to participating in complex conspiracies to get their hands on sensitive technical data from U.S. firms and shuttle it back to Beijing. Again and again, high-tech products and military equipment have popped up in China that bear a too-striking resemblance to their American counterparts. Spurred by these incidents, CFIUS has successfully advised the president to nix Chinese deals at a record clip. In December  2016,  President Barack Obama stopped a Chinese investment fund from acquiring the U.S. subsidiary of a German semiconductor manufacturer - only the third time a president had taken such a step at that point. In September 2017, Trump halted a China-backed investor from buying the American semiconductor maker Lattice, citing national security concerns. Three months later, a Chinese company's plan to acquire the American money transfer company MoneyGram fell apart when the two sides realized they would likely not get CFIUS approval because of concerns that the personal data of millions of Americans - including military personnel - could fall into the hands of the Chinese military. Weeks after that, the committee essentially jettisoned a Chinese state-backed group's attempt to buy Xcerra, a Massachusetts-based tech company that makes equipment to test computer chips and circuit boards. Then, in March, Trump blocked the purchase of the chipmaker Qualcomm by Singapore-based Broadcom Ltd. CFIUS said such a move could weaken Qualcomm, and thereby the United States, as it vies with foreign rivals such as China's Huawei Technologies to develop the next generation of wireless technology known as 5G.To national security leaders, though, CFIUS is still only scratching the surface of China's ambitions to acquire U.S. technology, noting that traditional sale-and-purchase agreements to obtain a U.S. company aren't the only ways to gain access to cutting-edge technology."You can buy a [partial] interest in a company and gain access to the same type of technology," Attorney General Jeff Sessions told Congress in October, adding that Justice Department investigators "are really worried about our loss of technology" in instances where Chinese investors buy small stakes in American tech companies.The U.S. military has raised similar concerns. Defense Secretary  Jim Mattis warned last summer that America is failing to restrict foreign investments in certain types of critical industries, testifying during another hearing that CFIUS is "outdated" and "needs to be updated to deal with today's situation." The case that occurred last summer in an obscure courtroom in Delaware seemed innocuous enough: one relatively small tech firm buying out a bankrupt competitor, a transaction that elicited about as much drama as mailing a letter.The bankrupt semiconductor maker ATop Tech had only 86 employees when it was declared insolvent. But it had a more than a $1 billion market share of the electronic-design automation and integrated circuits markets, the company told the bankruptcy court, giving it potential value to any player seeking to enter the highly specialized semiconductor industry.Avatar Integrated Systems, the company seeking to purchase ATop, was apparently such a player. But it was not well known to others in the semiconductor industry, and its precise ownership was a bit of a mystery. The sole director listed on its incorporation papers was a Hong Kong-based businessman named Jingyuan Han, and it issued shares to King Mark International Limited, a Hong Kong company in which Han was an investor. Avatar was set up in March 2017, according to the company. The transaction went ahead despite concerns raised to the court by other players in the semiconductor industry, as well as those of a former senior Pentagon official who specifically suggested the Chinese government may be backing Avatar.The former Pentagon official, Joseph Benkert, was enlisted by another American semiconductor company, Synopsys, to help recoup money it was owed by ATop. He warned the court that the deal might have national security risks."CFIUS has identified businesses engaged in design and production of semiconductors as presenting possible national security vulnerabilities because they may be useful in defending, or seeking to impair, U.S. national security, as semiconductor design or production may have both commercial or military applications," Benkert, the former assistant secretary of defense for global affairs under the second Bush administration, wrote to the court. Benkert argued that the question of Avatar's ownership needed more review given that the company appeared to be "under the control of Han, a Chinese national.""In my opinion," Benkert wrote, "the proposed transaction is likely to receive thorough CFIUS scrutiny and there is a material risk that it will not receive CFIUS approval."But despite those concerns, the deal to buy ATop Tech was not given a formal review by CFIUS, according to a senior administration official with direct knowledge of the process. A Treasury Department official, speaking on behalf of CFIUS, declined to comment on the merger.An Avatar official, reached at the company office in Santa Clara, California, did not respond to questions or a request for an interview with Han. The company did not respond to multiple requests to discuss its relationship - if any - with the Chinese government or the details of its business.Han, who has been described in media reports as one of China's wealthiest men, has spent his career almost entirely in the iron and steel industries. Avatar's scant history seemed to suggest that it was created for the sole purpose of acquiring an established American semiconductor firm like ATop Tech, according to several former national security officials who still work on CFIUS cases.Attempts to reach Han through China Oriental Group, the iron and steel company that he runs, were also unsuccessful.Officials familiar with the CFIUS process say that bankruptcy deals such as the Atop-Avatar case sometimes fall off their radar because of difficulty in discerning whether Chinese investors are working with the government. In other bankruptcy cases, Chinese investment in a potential buyer may not be visible in official filings, especially when a web of holding companies is involved. Thus, say current and former officials working with CFIUS, a significant amount of detective work is necessary to discern both the identity and the intentions of the investors.Traditionally, courts have defined control of a company as "the ability to direct management to make certain decisions." But a former Treasury Department official said CFIUS needs to focus on "beneficial ownership," defined as having the ability to obtain technology from the firm, rather than overall decision-making power."It is very hard to find beneficial ownership," said the official. "Our concern is the capacity of the system to deal with these."The bills pending in Congress to strengthen the CFIUS review process include provisions designed to make scrutiny of bankruptcy cases easier. The bills would require CFIUS to "prescribe regulations to clarify that the term 'covered transaction' includes any transaction ... that arises pursuant to a bankruptcy proceeding or other form of default on debt."A sharper focus on bankruptcy cases, particularly in making sure CFIUS scrutinizes investors to ties to foreign governments,  is desperately needed, said a former Pentagon official who is still involved in CFIUS cases. "How do they find out about it now? They are reading The Wall Street Journal late at night," the official said. "It is not a very systematic process."The former official also recalled that in the past, the Pentagon has hired an outside contractor to scour around for unreported transactions that might raise some national security flags, such as in the semiconductor or aerospace sectors. Such checks need to be performed in a more systematic way."There is no process for surfacing information out of the bankruptcy courts," the official said.In Silicon Valley, Chinese investment isn't typically viewed as a threat, but rather more of a blessing.Chris Nicholson, co-founder of Skymind, an artificial intelligence company that makes the type of cutting-edge software that both the United States and China covet, recalls the many long months he spent in 2014 trudging up and down Sand Hill Road, the heart of Silicon Valley's leading venture capital firms, and all the doors that slammed shut."That was a long, dry year for us," he told POLITICO.Nicholson hadn't sought Chinese money. But then Tencent, China's internet and telecommunications giant and now one of the world's largest companies, approached the firm, offering $200,000 in seed funding. The Chinese monetary infusion buoyed Skymind, which soon landed a coveted spot in Y Combinator, the powerful startup accelerator. American investors, who had only months earlier eschewed the firm's overtures, quickly changed their tune. Chinese investment soon beget American investment."It was that crucial piece of Chinese capital that allowed us to survive," Nicholson said. "That's all it took. Now we're a company with 35 employees."Reflecting a common feeling among his cohorts in Silicon Valley startups, Nicholson insisted that working with Chinese investors does not mean granting Beijing officials access to the coding process. "My American co-founder and I are in control," Nicholson said, noting that Skymind has given up none of the rights to its intellectual property and has made its code "open sourced," which means the code is freely available for cybersecurity experts to inspect, audit and offer suggestions. But Bryan Ware, CEO of Haystax Technology, which works with law enforcement, defense and intelligence clients on securing their technologies, cast some doubt on the idea that the owners of tech startups would naturally refuse to share details of their technology with their investors: "If you've got a Chinese investor and that's the lifeblood that's going to allow you to get your product out the door, or allow you to hire your next developer, telling them, 'No, you can't do that,' or, 'No you shouldn't do that,' while you have no other alternatives for financing - that's just the nature of the dilemma.""Every investment comes with a risk of some loss of intellectual property or foreign influence and control,"  Ware said. And too many Silicon Valley deals exist in a "netherworld" between passive investment and absolute takeover, "where there's access to information, technical information, [and] there is the ability to influence and potentially coerce management," according to the senior Treasury Department official.One major concern among specialists like Ware is that Beijing officials could use early Chinese investments in next-generation technology to map the software the federal government and even the Defense Department may one day use - and perhaps even corrupt it in ways that would give China a window into sensitive U.S. information.A POLITICO review of 185 tech startups with Chinese investors found just over 5 percent had received government contracts, loans or grants ranging from a few thousand dollars to several million dollars. Often, the contracts simply involved research - renewable energy for the Energy Department, electronics and communications equipment for the Pentagon, space technology for NASA. Others ordered lab equipment for the Commerce Department, or machine tools for the military."There's a tremendous amount of intelligence value there,"  Ware said. "All governments desire to know what other governments are doing. And knowing the technologies and how they work I think is a big part of that."While there's no indication that the firms had U.S. government contracts at the time that Chinese investors became involved, that may be part of China's strategy. Derek Scissors, who manages the American Enterprise Institute's China Global Investment Tracker, an exhaustive database of China's major global investments, said that as welcome as the surge of Chinese-funded deals may be in Silicon Valley, the engine behind them is the Chinese government. China's Silicon Valley investment strategy "was shaped by the state and that shaping has gotten tighter," he said.Still, many Chinese investments in the United States are not directly backed by the Beijing government, but it can be hard to distinguish.Some prominent Chinese VC firms in Silicon Valley have clear links to the government. Westlake Ventures, for example, received funding from the government in the coastal Chinese city of Hangzhou, according to media reports and a Pentagon research paper. And Westlake has put money into other VC funds, such as the WI Harper Group, which has a stake in a wide slate of American tech companies, from a dating app to a three-dimensional imaging company to a maker of robot cooks. Westlake did not respond to a request for comment.But it's not always easy to trace the money back to a single source, let alone determine what connection that source has to Beijing's Communist leadership. Haiyin Capital, a Beijing-based VC firm, is partially backed by a state-run Chinese company, according to a company release. Also complex is ZGC Capital Corporation - located in Silicon Valley and focused on providing startups with basic business help - is a subsidiary of a state-owned enterprise funded by the Beijing government, according to the organizations' websites. Attempts to reach each organization were unsuccessful.Security and economics experts say they are unsure how much financial or national security harm these Chinese investments are actually causing the United States - if any - simply because it may not be clear for years exactly how important the technology may be.In the meantime, entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley are blunt: America actually needs Chinese money to maintain its global tech advantage."Here's my warning shot,"  Nicholson said. "If we make it difficult for foreign talent and foreign capital to find each other by over-regulating early-stage startup investing ... we will lose our supremacy as the top tech economy in the world."In Washington, Silicon Valley's warning has been heard loudly enough to delay the passage of a bill to strengthen the CFIUS process, despite the support of such bipartisan figures as Cornyn, the second-ranking Senate Republican, and California's own Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee.Last year, after a cascade of warnings from the Defense Department, Justice Department and other powerful sources, both the House and Senate seemed ready to take action to strengthen oversight of foreign investment in technology companies.The bipartisan proposal would direct CFIUS to consider whether pending investments would erode America's technological edge, enable a foreign government to utilize digital spying powers that might be used against the United States, or give sensitive data - even indirectly - to a foreign government. Similarly, it would expand the definition of "critical industries" - a reference to sectors like banking, defense or energy - to include "critical technologies," a significant expansion of the committee's current mandate. Under the bill, CFIUS would have to create a system to monitor transactions that aren't voluntarily brought to the committee's attention.The measure would also centralize some of the committee's functions and allow the committee to charge filing fees up to 1 percent of the total value of the transaction up to $300,000, and let Treasury offer a single CFIUS budget request rather than relying on contributions from other departments.The Trump administration offered a full-throated endorsement of the bill in January, saying it "would strengthen our ability to protect national security and enhance confidence in our longstanding open investment policy."And while the bill doesn't explicitly cite China, the provisions are clearly aimed at limiting its access to the most sensitive areas."Any Chinese-related company that is part of our supply chain is a concern to me," Rep. Robert Pittenger (R-N.C.), a lead House sponsor of the bill, told POLITICO.Pittenger insisted that Congress' inaction is allowing China to brazenly pilfer the technology that drives America's military might, and sell that technology to adversaries like Iran and North Korea. He noted that a Treasury official told him getting the bill signed is the department's No. 1 legislative priority for 2018."We can't turn a blind eye to this," Pittenger said.But many technology entrepreneurs believe the bill would simply drive cutting-edge research overseas. In 2016, foreign investors injected $373 billion into the United States, a figure that has been mostly increasing since the early 2000s, according to government data. Lengthening the CFIUS review time - currently 30 days, but set to extend to 45 days under the new bill - could damage the "brittle process" of early-stage fundraising, said Nicholson, who encouraged lawmakers to focus on expanding CFIUS powers in other areas, such as bankruptcy courts. "I worry that they're driving a bulldozer towards a rose garden," said Nicholson, echoing his claim that training the CFIUS lens on Silicon Valley could scare off the very financing that keeps America growing.IBM's vice president for regulatory affairs, Christopher Padilla, agreed, warning at a January hearing that the bill "could constitute the most economically harmful imposition of unilateral trade restrictions by the United States in many decades."He raised particular concerns about expanding CFIUS authority to cover foreign investments in "critical technologies," a phrase tech leaders say is worryingly opaque and that could force companies peddling sensitive technology to have every single sale reviewed.Padilla called it a "we'll know it when we see it" approach to regulating that "would be deeply damaging to U.S. competitiveness, and, more important, could lead to a false sense of security."Some industry groups have suggested that the bill should delineate these technologies - robotics or artificial intelligence, for instance - to avoid having every deal scrutinized from top to bottom. "We would be well served to define those issues from the outset," said Dean Garfield, CEO of the Information Technology Industry Council, a trade group representing industry heavyweights such as Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Twitter. Garfield said getting the bill revised is a top-five issue for ITI in 2018.He cautioned that the bill, as written, could spike the number of annual CFIUS reviews from "a few hundred deals" to "a few thousand."Proponents, however, feel that specifying specific technologies might be impossible. The software powering the country - from waterways to missile systems - is constantly changing and evolving, they say. Instead, they suggest, new CFIUS funds and a streamlined reporting process would help keep the growing stream of deal reviews moving."For the price of a single B-21 bomber, we can fund an updated CFIUS process and protect our key capabilities for several years," Cornyn said at a hearing. "That is a down payment on long-term national security." Nonetheless, lawmakers have been working to address industry complaints, making tweaks to the legislation. And just last week, lawmakers made a breakthrough, agreeing to slightly narrow the bill's scope, raising the chances the measure will make it to the president's desk.The House and Senate are scheduled to mark up their respective CFIUS bills on Tuesday, and lawmakers now are angling to attach the legislation to the annual, must-pass defense authorization bill as a way to guarantee it gets through. But lingering disputes could still derail the process. National security leaders and lawmakers warn that these squabbles, while reflecting sincerely held positions, are simply delaying necessary action. At that January hearing, Cornyn described a changing reality if CFIUS is left in its current iteration."Just imagine if China's military was stronger, faster and more lethal," Cornyn said."That is what the future likely holds," he added, "unless we act."Load-Date: May 29, 2018End of Document

House Commerce Subcommittee Issues Testimony From Center for Strategic & International StudiesTargeted News ServiceMay 16, 2018 Wednesday 8:20 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 3447 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe House Energy and Commerce subcommittee on Communications and Technology issued the following testimony by Samm Sacks, senior fellow in the Technology Policy Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, at a hearing entitled "Telecommunications, Global Competitiveness, and National Security":"Chairwoman Blackburn, Ranking Member Doyle, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for holding this hearing and for the opportunity to address these critical issues for U.S. economic and national security. My testimony today reflects my experience as an analyst of Chinese technology policy for more than a decade. I have not only worked with the U.S. government, but also in the commercial sector with leading multinational companies in China. The complex structural challenges posed by China's approach to technology and industrial policy require a deep understanding of both the commercial and strategic security dimensions of our trade and investment relationship.The Challenge"The Chinese leadership is in the midst of building the most extensive governance system for cyberspace and information and communications technology (ICT) of any country in the world. A blend of national strategies, laws, regulations, and standards make up President Xi Jinping's vision of building China into a "cyber superpower" and "science and technology superpower."1 Recognizing that technology has advanced more quickly than the government's ability to control it, Beijing has moved to rapidly to construct a policy and legal framework that will strengthen the Communist Party's hand not just over online content, but also the digital economy and the hardware and software that undergirds the internet.2 President Xi has repeatedly stressed the need to bolster China's domestic ICT industry in order to reduce reliance on foreign core technologies."The build-out of China's ICT governance system has implications for U.S. companies operating in China, as well as for Chinese investment flowing into the United States and globally. As this system takes shape, an accurate understanding of its elements and practical effects will be key for U.S. policymakers to calibrate the right response. There are substantial challenges from a national security and commercial perspective. Yet, U.S. and Chinese technology development, supply chains, and commercial markets are tightly intertwined in such a way that we risk undermining our own economic prosperity and our ability to maintain leadership in technology innovation without a targeted approach.What Beijing Requires of ICT Companies in China"China's Cybersecurity Law (which took effect in June 2017) is the centerpiece of a much broader ICT regulatory system made up of dozens of interlocking parts. There are three main ICT regulatory concerns for U.S. companies operating in China: "black box" cybersecurity reviews, restrictions on cross-border data transfer, and an overall trend toward localization under the guise of security.Cybersecurity Reviews"U.S. companies now face at least seven different ICT security reviews that can be used for political purposes to delay or block market access. These reviews will be conducted by different Chinese government agencies with unclear jurisdictions. There is even conflicting jurisdiction within individual reviews. Moreover, the specific criteria, metrics, and, in some cases, those conducting the evaluations are not known. As several U.S. industry representatives put it, the reviews are essentially a "black box" because we do not know what they entail and what is required to pass them. Some have lobbied the Chinese government to accept international security certifications (such as through ISO) as a basis for compliance, but so far it is not clear if Chinese authorities will recognize these certifications or still require their own reviews. Since there is no transparency into the process, these reviews can easily become political tools. The different cybersecurity reviews are discussed below:1. The Multi-level Protection Scheme (MLPS): MLPS is managed by the Ministry of Public Security (MPS) and has existed since 2006. MLPS will likely undergo revisions as part of the new ICT legal regime, but coming changes, as well as how it will be coordinated with other similar security reviews, remain unknown. MLPS involves ranking networks by level of sensitivity, and then assigning certain compliance obligations.2. Cybersecurity Review Regime: A key question is how MLPS will work in relation to a new review known as the Cybersecurity Review Regime (CRR) or Cybersecurity Review Measures of Network Products and Services. Issued in "interim" form in June 2017, the measures require network products and services used in critical information infrastructure (CII) to undergo a cybersecurity review administered by the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) and other sector-specific regulators. Some industry experts believe that the CRR will involve inspections of the backgrounds and supply chains of network and service providers. The final definition of CII is still pending, and the full criteria for assessments and list of those conducting them are unknown. Yet, without these pieces of the puzzle, the practical implications of this system remain murky."The Chinese government has begun to issue several other documents meant to provide more clarity on the scope of the new review regime. These include the "Public Announcement on Issuing Network Key Equipment and Cybersecurity Special Product List (First Batch)," which outlines a list of products and services subject to the review and certification. There are also at least three relevant standards that have not yet been officially published. Yet, the follow-on product list and standards do little to narrow the far-reaching scope of the CRR. That is because the "interim" document establishing the CRR states that the review will focus on "other risks that could harm national security"-- essentially preserving government authority to interpret the scope of reviews however it wants. Again, this is a channel that opens the door for political whim to determine market access.3. Reviews of Cross-border Data Transfer: There will also be separate security review of data that companies seek to transfer outside of mainland China. The government is in the process of refining the process and conditions under which data would undergo a security assessment under two draft regulations: Personal Information and Important Data Cross Border Transfer Security Evaluation Measures and Guidelines for Data Cross-Border Transfer Security Assessment. The specific scope is not yet clear, but according to industry sources inside China, it is likely that Chinese authorities will take a broad and ambiguous approach to enforcement of this particular review. (See following section on "Data Localization.")4. Cross-border Communications: Although not a security review per se, companies operating in China must have authorization from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) for using internal company VPN (virtual private network) services. In practical terms, this means that the government reviews and approves the channels that companies use for all of their international connectivity. Requirements issued by MIIT in 2017 mandate that companies only use internal VPN services from licensed providers, which are the three state-owned telecommunications carriers. Cloud service platforms must route communications with their overseas facilities through channels approved by MIIT.5. Internet Technologies and Apps: New technologies and apps used in internet news/information services also have a new security review process. Service providers must conduct security evaluations before the introduction of new technologies or applications on their platforms, but details are also murky.6. A Possible Chinese Version of CFIUS: Much less is known about another possible kind of security review of foreign investment that has yet to emerge. China's National Security Law (released in 2015) suggested in broad language there could be a new body perhaps akin to CFIUS. There has yet to been further clarification. New legislation expanding the scope of CFIUS could trigger Beijing to move forward setting up this new mechanism.Data Localization"Many U.S. firms in China already assume that data localization requirements will become the de facto reality for their China operations. The specific scope of data localization requirements is still in flux; yet, some Chinese companies have even stopped sending their data to foreign companies that had the ability to store and process data within mainland China, despite there being no set requirement for them to do so. There are provisions still in draft form that would require certain kinds of data to be stored within mainland China and require approvals for cross-border data transfer. Below are the relevant laws, measures, and standards on the issue:3"According to article 37 of China's cybersecurity law: "Personal information and other important data gathered or produced by critical information infrastructure operators during operations within the mainland territory of the People's Republic of China, shall store it within mainland China." The government is still defining "personal information and other important data" or what sectors fall under "critical information infrastructure" under separate measures and guidelines, but early indications suggest even follow-on directives will be vast and ambiguous. This also underscores the fact that China's ICT legal framework is best understood as a matrix of overlapping parts. Recently, Chinese officials have been asking U.S. government and business leaders for advice on how to define critical information infrastructure, suggesting the parameters are still in flux and open to interpretation."Following on the Cybersecurity Law, the Chinese government issued a measure and standard meant to clarify the scope of how restrictions on cross-border data transfers will be implemented. The problem is that these follow-on directives are equally vague and leave issues unresolved as different stakeholders within the Chinese system debate their meaning. First is the "Measures on Security Assessment of Cross-border Transfer of Personal Information & Important Data (Draft for comment)." Companies have until December 2018 to comply. Several internal versions of the draft have been quietly circulated in the past few months. According to the latest publicly available draft, all "network operators" will be subject to assessments before exporting data out of China. In practice, this could mean anyone who owns and operates an IT network. Industry sources report the government may have walked this back recently to focus just on CII operators, but there is still tremendous regulatory uncertainty given that the definition of CII itself is up in the air. In addition, the National Information Security Standardization Committee (TC260)--China's cybersecurity standards body--issued a standard to flesh out technical guidelines assessing cross-border data transfers."Yet, the language even of this technical standard is extremely vague and far-reaching. The May 27, 2017 version gives a sweeping definition of "important data" that echoes the National Security Law, spanning that which can "influence or harm the government, state, military, economy, culture, society, technology, information . . . and other national security matters." "Network operators" could mean anyone who owns and manages an IT network, raising the possibility that e-commerce could be deemed CII given all the personal data held by companies like Alibaba and Tencent. Depending on how CII is ultimately defined, many companies that are not in ICT sectors could potentially fall in scope. Chinese regulators are now studying how countries like the United States define CII through numerous Track 1.5 dialogues. While regulators are showing a willingness to engage and dialogue, it is not clear how these exchanges will ultimately impact Beijing's policy trajectory, particularly since Beijing views this as primarily a national security rather than trade issue."While China's regulatory regime for data flows looks bleak, it is important to keep in mind that there are also competing voices in China advocating for more alignment with international practices. These voices should not be disregarded by U.S. policymakers. Key players in China think that cutting off cross-border data flows will hurt the country's global economic goals. From national tech champions like Alibaba seeking global markets, to Chinese financial institutions facilitating global transactions, cross-border data flows are a core operational reality. These voices also exist within the Chinese government. For example, Hong Yanqing, who leads the personal data protection project for TC260, writes: "A fundamental consensus has emerged today that data naturally flows across national borders, that data flows produce value, and that data flows can lead to flows of technology, capital, and talent." These players could be important allies for the United States.Localization Push under "Secure and Controllable""U.S. companies face de facto localization pressures in China even in the absence of specific regulation. The Xi Jinping administration has emphasized through multiple channels that it seeks to bolster China's domestic ICT industry to reduce reliance on foreign core technologies.4 A report by the National People's Congress in December underscored the need for China to develop "indigenous and controllable core cybersecurity technology by 2020." While there is official definition of what the government means by "core technologies," authoritative documents indicate that the government is doubling down on indigenous development in fields such as advanced semiconductors, operating systems, cloud system, and the hardware and algorithms behind artificial intelligence systems.5"For several years, the government has used the phrase "secure and controllable" or "indigenous and controllable" in national strategies and directives as a way to link localization with security. Chinese companies have a competitive advantage when it comes to meeting these new security standards. This puts foreign ICT companies in a weaker negotiating position, and adds to pressure that they cooperate with local partners, rather than attempting to go it alone in the market."The phrase has appeared in separate rules and strategies for cyberspace and the ICT industry. The phrase appears in sector-specific insurance, medical devices, and the Internet Plus sectors (i.e., smart technology, cloud computing, mobile technology, and e-commerce). A requirement for banking-sector IT to be "secure and controllable" was technically suspended, but many report that it still has negatively impacted market share. The phrase is also sprinkled throughout national-level blueprints for ICT development. For example, the 13th Five Year Plan for Informatization calls for "building a secure and controllable IT industry ecosystem."Because this standard has no single definition, the government and Chinese industry have broad discretionary authority to launch intrusive security audits or reject foreign suppliers altogether as not secure. And while many of these regulations are still pending, Chinese government and industry are already moving forward with informal implementation of the standard, by asking foreign vendors to certify that they are "secure and controllable."Why the China Market Matters"Why do U.S. companies stay in such a high-risk and restrictive market? The answer is the size of the market--which accounted for $23 billion of U.S. ICT exports in 2017--and its importance in the global supply chain. In addition, if major U.S. companies cannot operate and offer services in China, then they cede ground to Chinese companies since customers need to operate globally.6"China is not closed to all U.S. ICT firms or those with a digital footprint in the market. But the costs required to operate in China are increasing, particularly in high-tech sectors. Issues include ICT infrastructure--from trouble using corporate VPNs to the need to build local data centers--and lack of transparency around new licensing and security certifications that can be used to delay or block market access. Taken together, these new regulatory risks are now leading companies to reassess the tradeoffs required to make it in this important market.Recommendations"There are substantial national security and commercial risks to the United States posed by China's ICT policies and approach to developing its domestic industries. We are correct to address these issues and seek areas where we have substantial leverage with the Chinese government. After all, Beijing does not change its behavior absent external pressures."The challenge is that U.S. and Chinese technology development, supply chains, and commercial markets are tightly intertwined. A unilateral approach that isolates the United States will undermine U.S. economic prosperity, our technological leadership, and capacity for innovation. In confronting China, we must have a clear understanding about the consequences of our actions, and where there will be costs to ourselves. I have three recommendations:"First, we should coordinate with allies and partners to create international pressure on Beijing. Multilateral pressure has proven successful in the past. For example, in 2009 a coalition including the United States, Japan, and Europe combined efforts to pressure the Chinese government to suspend a requirement that screening software ("Green Dam Youth Escort") with surveillance capabilities be installed on computers sold in China.7"Unilateral action will not only compel China to retaliate against U.S. companies, it will make Beijing double down on the very structural problems we want to address. Indeed, the Chinese government has drawn up retaliation lists of U.S. companies in China. U.S. companies with viable domestic competitors in China will be particularly vulnerable, and may see licenses canceled or denied under the umbrella of cybersecurity reviews and certifications, particularly of network products and services. This is not just a commercial issue, but also undermines security since many multinationals in China would be forced to rely on Chinese ICT companies for their business operations if US ICT companies left the market."Second, we need channels to work with those Chinese private sector players whose interests are actually more aligned with ours than some may expect. There are examples in which Chinese industry has been an important ally to U.S. companies on pending regulatory issues. Companies like Alibaba looking to expand into global markets have an interest in allowing data to flow across borders. Since much of China's ICT regulatory system is still in draft form, now is an important window to work with Chinese industry to push Beijing toward alignment with international best practices. The government cannot meet its goal of having "big and strong Chinese internet companies" that can compete globally8 if these players are hindered by their own government. These local champions will become less helpful as trade tensions spill over to affect the broader bilateral relationship."Third, we must play offense by investing in our own research and development (R&D), infrastructure, STEM education, and a capital market that rewards investment. China will continue to invest in closing the technology gap with the United States regardless of our actions, so we must be able to compete through our own technological and economic leadership.9"* * *Footnotes:1 https://www.csis.org/analysis/cyber-policy-and-19th-party-congress.2 https://www.csis.org/programs/technology-policy-program/technology-and-innovation/cybersecurity-and-governance/china.3 https://www.lawfareblog.com/chinas-cybersecurity-law-takes-effect-what-expect.4 http://www.xinhuanet.com/2018-04/22/c_1122722221.htm.5 https://www.newamerica.org/cybersecurity-initiative/digichina/blog/xi-jinping-puts-indigenous-innovation-and-core-technologies-center-development-priorities/.6 https://www.finance.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/11APR2018GARFIELDSTMNT.pdf.7 https://www.finance.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/11APR2018GARFIELDSTMNT.pdf.8 http://www.qstheory.cn/dukan/qs/2017-09/15/c_1121647633.htm.9 https://csis-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/s3fs-public/publication/180126_Lewis_MeetingChinaChallenge_Web.pdf?ccS38O06FR8XG_yUn7GS1YrJXOTCZklM.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6293715 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: May 17, 2018End of Document

Xunlei Receives National CDN License From Chinese GovernmentGlobeNewswireApril 4, 2018 Wednesday 4:30 AM PTCopyright 2018 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT; PRODUCT / SERVICES ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 752 wordsBodySHENZHEN, China, April  04, 2018  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Xunlei Limited ("Xunlei") (Nasdaq:XNET), an industry leading cloud-based bandwidth acceleration technology company in China, announced today that its cloud computing subsidiary, Shenzhen Onething Technologies Co., Ltd., has received a National Content Delivery Network ("CDN") Business Operating License from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China. Xunlei's Nebula CDN is a new generation of CDN built upon the company's proprietary distributed cloud computing technology. The company intends to leverage redundant computing power and bandwidth shared by internet users, creating an ecosystem that provides cloud computing resources to enterprises at a much lower cost than the average industry price level. Xunlei's CDN customers are in sectors such as live streaming, online gaming, mobile applications, online videos, and intelligent hardware.Mr. Lei Chen, Chief Executive Officer of Xunlei, stated, "Prior to receiving the national CDN license, the company was qualified to provide CDN services in selected provinces and cities in China. Now under the terms of the new license, Xunlei is qualified to offer its CDN solutions to enterprises in all parts of China. We believe this official recognition will elevate our service capacity from being regional to national in China. And our goal is to become a major player in the global cloud computing industry through our sharing economy model."About XunleiXunlei Limited ("Xunlei") is a leading cloud-based acceleration technology company in China. Xunlei operates a powerful internet platform in China based on cloud computing to provide users with quick and easy access to digital media content through its core products and services, Xunlei Accelerator and the cloud acceleration subscription services. Xunlei is increasingly extending into mobile devices in part through potentially pre-installed acceleration products in mobile phones. Benefitting from the large user base accumulated by Xunlei Accelerator, Xunlei has further developed various value-added services to meet a fuller spectrum of its users' digital media content access and consumption needs.Safe Harbor StatementThis press release contains statements of a forward-looking nature. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these forward-looking statements by terminology such as "will," "expects," "believes," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements. Among other things, the management's quotations as well as the Company's strategic, operational and acquisition plans, contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about the Company and the industry. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: the Company's ability to continue to innovate and provide attractive products and services to retain and grow its user base; the Company's ability to keep up with technological developments and users' changing demands in the internet industry; the Company's ability to convert its users into subscribers of its premium services; the Company's ability to deal with existing and potential copyright infringement claims and other related claims; the Company's ability to react to the governmental actions for its scrutiny of internet content in China and the Company's ability to compete effectively. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that its expectations will turn out to be correct, and investors are cautioned that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results. Further information regarding risks and uncertainties faced by the Company is included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in this press release is as of the date of the press release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law.CONTACT: IR Contact:Xunlei LimitedEmail: ir@xunlei.comTel: +86 755 8633 8443Website: http://ir.xunlei.comLoad-Date: April 5, 2018End of Document

CEO John D. Maatta Invited to Boao Forum in Hainan, China, April 9-11; Invited By The Chinese Government, Maatta Is Delegate To The 'Davos Of Asia'; To Attend Session With China President Xi During Forum; Wizard World Preparing 'WizPop' SVOD Channel Via CNLivePR NewswireApril 5, 2018 Thursday 11:29 PM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 485 wordsDateline: LOS ANGELES, April 6, 2018 BodyJohn D. Maatta, CEO of Wizard World, Inc., the nation's largest producer of pop culture events, has been invited as a delegate to the Boao Forum, in Hainan Province, China, on April 9-11.The Boao Forum (http://english.boaoforum.org), popularly known as the 'Davos of Asia,' is the most prestigious gathering of leaders from business, government and academia in Asia. It is conducted by Boao Forum for Asia, whose purpose is to promote and deepen the economic exchange, coordination, and cooperation within Asia and between Asia and other parts of the world.China's PresidentXi Jinpingwill attend the Forum and deliver the keynote address. Maatta will participate in a select Boao session in which Xi will also be present.Maatta stated, "I am honored to attend Boao as the guest of the Chinese government. I look forward to participating in the Boao Program and to advance Wizard's initiatives in China."Wizard World, Inc. has previously announced an agreement with CNLive, one of only seven entities licensed to distribute content over the internet in China, to program an SVOD channel and an advertising-supported channel under the "WizPop" brand, covering the entirety of China, including Hong Kong and Macau. The agreement with CNLive is Wizard World's first initiative in Asia.In addition to President Xi, Delegates to Boao 2018 include government and business leaders, as well as other prominent media and opinion figures. Some of those include former prime ministers from across several continents, United Nations representatives, foreign ministers, economists, CEOs and board chairs of international corporations and global university presidents.About Wizard World (OTCBB: WIZD) Wizard World, Inc. (http://www.wizardworld.com) produces comic, gaming and pop culture conventions across North America that celebrate the best in pop culture: movies, television, gaming, live entertainment, tech, comics, sci-fi, graphic novels, toys, original art, collectibles, contests and more. A first-class lineup of topical programming and entertainment takes place at each event, with celebrity Q&A's, comics-themed sessions, costume contests, movie screenings, evening parties and more. Wizard World has also teamed with Sony Pictures Entertainment to find the next generation of movies as well as to engage in a number of strategic initiatives. Additional initiatives may include an augmented touring schedule of Wizard World shows, fixed-site installations, curated e-commerce, and the production and distribution of content both in the U.S. and internationally. Fans can interact with Wizard World at           http://www.wizardworld.comand on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and other social media services.The 2018 Wizard World convention schedule is available at:http://www.wizardworld.com/comiccon.Media Contact:Jerry MilaniWizard World+1-646-883-5022 (o/txt)pr@wizardworld.comSOURCE Wizard World, IncLoad-Date: April 6, 2018End of Document

China wants its top tech firms to bring their shares homeCNNMoney.comApril 26, 2018 Thursday 6:52 AM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: INVESTINGLength: 734 wordsByline: Daniel ShaneBodyChina has a plan to lure its biggest companies back home.In recent years, some of the top names in Chinese business have chosen to go public on stock markets outside the world's second largest economy.Two of the country's leading tech companies, Alibaba and Baidu, trade in New York. Another, Tencent, is listed in Hong Kong, whose markets are largely separate from those on the mainland.Beijing wants that to change."It basically comes down to pride and control," said Andrew Polk, founding partner at research firm Trivium China. "Chinese regulators don't like the fact that some of their marquee companies have listed overseas."China's domestic stock markets have made themselves less attractive for some companies through a range of stringent requirements. And they don't allow dual class shares, which give certain stock holders more power than others and are common in the United States.Experts also regard China's financial markets as less sophisticated because they lack the big institutional investors that dominate in the United States and Europe.Now the Chinese government has a plan to loosen some of the restrictions.Under a program known as China Depository Receipts (CDR), big Chinese companies in high-tech industries will be encouraged to float their shares in either Shanghai or Shenzhen. They can do so while maintaining any existing overseas listings.'Pride and control'Analysts say the move is part of plans by the Chinese government to exercise more control over privately run businesses.If China is able to convince some of its biggest firms to list back at home, it will allow the government to keep a closer eye on them and have a bigger say in how they're run, they say.The CDR initiative is "intended to further subject large Chinese corporates to Beijing's bureaucratic control," said Brock Silvers, managing director at Shanghai-based investment advisory firm Kaiyuan Capital.The issue of Chinese companies listed overseas, particularly those specializing in technology, has become increasingly sensitive for authorities in recent months."Technology has emerged more and more as an issue of national interest" amid rising trade tensions between the United States and China, said Lyndon Chao, a managing director at the Hong Kong-based Asia Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association.US officials have expressed deep concerns about China's plans to boost its homegrown tech industry in areas such as computer chips, artificial intelligence and electric cars.Luring the likes of Alibaba and Baidu back home is a way "for China to reclaim Chinese technology companies," Chao said.Bringing tech companies back would also give Chinese people more enticing domestic options in which to place their cash. Alibaba and Tencent's shares have skyrocketed in recent years, but those returns were largely off limits to Chinese mom-and-pop investors.China's government wants the benefits of their rising stock prices to "rebound to Chinese investors," Polk said.'Confidence and approval'Some big Chinese tech companies have already said they could be interested in listing their shares back home. They include Alibaba, Tencent and Xiaomi, a top smartphone maker that recently filed for an IPO in Hong Kong.China definitely has some appeal: at $8.8 trillion, its stock market was the second biggest in the world last year, according to World Bank data.Investors in China are also often willing to pay more for stocks, based on company earnings, than their US counterparts, analysts say.China's stock markets could also soon benefit from big inflows of foreign money. More than 200 Chinese stocks will this year be added to MSCI's Emerging Markets index, a key benchmark for global investors.But there's more than just financial incentives on offer for the likes of Alibaba. It's also a question of staying in Chinese authorities' good books."Their reward will be found in earning Beijing's confidence and approval," said Silvers.The Chinese government has shown its willingness to pressure homegrown tech giants when it deems they've crossed a line.Shares in Tencent briefly plunged last year after a state-run news outlet claimed its online games were leading to addiction in young people. The company now imposes limits on how much users can play games each day."Chinese companies can see that this is a policy goal and so they will play ball or suffer the consequences," Polk said.Load-Date: May 16, 2018End of Document

China wants its top tech firms to bring their shares homeCNN WireMay 15, 2018 Tuesday 10:52 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 755 wordsByline: By Daniel ShaneDateline: HONG KONG (CNNMoney) BodyHONG KONG (CNNMoney) --  China has a plan to lure its biggest companies back home. In recent years, some of the top names in Chinese business have chosen to go public on stock markets outside the world's second largest economy. Two of the country's leading tech companies, Alibaba and Baidu, trade in New York. Another, Tencent, is listed in Hong Kong, whose markets are largely separate from those on the mainland.Beijing wants that to change."It basically comes down to pride and control," said Andrew Polk, founding partner at research firm Trivium China. "Chinese regulators don't like the fact that some of their marquee companies have listed overseas."China's domestic stock markets have made themselves less attractive for some companies through a range of stringent requirements. And they don't allow dual class shares, which give certain stock holders more power than others and are common in the United States. Experts also regard China's financial markets as less sophisticated because they lack the big institutional investors that dominate in the United States and Europe. Now the Chinese government has a plan to loosen some of the restrictions.Under a program known as China Depository Receipts (CDR), big Chinese companies in high-tech industries will be encouraged to float their shares in either Shanghai or Shenzhen. They can do so while maintaining any existing overseas listings.'Pride and control'Analysts say the move is part of plans by the Chinese government to exercise more control over privately run businesses. If China is able to convince some of its biggest firms to list back at home, it will allow the government to keep a closer eye on them and have a bigger say in how they're run, they say.The CDR initiative is "intended to further subject large Chinese corporates to Beijing's bureaucratic control," said Brock Silvers, managing director at Shanghai-based investment advisory firm Kaiyuan Capital. The issue of Chinese companies listed overseas, particularly those specializing in technology, has become increasingly sensitive for authorities in recent months. "Technology has emerged more and more as an issue of national interest" amid rising trade tensions between the United States and China, said Lyndon Chao, a managing director at the Hong Kong-based Asia Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. US officials have expressed deep concerns about China's plans to boost its homegrown tech industry in areas such as computer chips, artificial intelligence and electric cars.Luring the likes of Alibaba and Baidu back home is a way "for China to reclaim Chinese technology companies," Chao said. Bringing tech companies back would also give Chinese people more enticing domestic options in which to place their cash. Alibaba and Tencent's shares have skyrocketed in recent years, but those returns were largely off limits to Chinese mom-and-pop investors. China's government wants the benefits of their rising stock prices to "rebound to Chinese investors," Polk said. 'Confidence and approval'Some big Chinese tech companies have already said they could be interested in listing their shares back home. They include Alibaba, Tencent and Xiaomi, a top smartphone maker that recently filed for an IPO in Hong Kong.China definitely has some appeal: at $8.8 trillion, its stock market was the second biggest in the world last year, according to World Bank data. Investors in China are also often willing to pay more for stocks, based on company earnings, than their US counterparts, analysts say.China's stock markets could also soon benefit from big inflows of foreign money. More than 200 Chinese stocks will this year be added to MSCI's Emerging Markets index, a key benchmark for global investors. But there's more than just financial incentives on offer for the likes of Alibaba. It's also a question of staying in Chinese authorities' good books. "Their reward will be found in earning Beijing's confidence and approval," said Silvers. The Chinese government has shown its willingness to pressure homegrown tech giants when it deems they've crossed a line. Shares in Tencent briefly plunged last year after a state-run news outlet claimed its online games were leading to addiction in young people. The company now imposes limits on how much users can play games each day."Chinese companies can see that this is a policy goal and so they will play ball or suffer the consequences," Polk said. TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: May 16, 2018End of Document

Chinese government sees no reason to oppose &"third parties&" to EDP&#39;s tender offerCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 15, 2018 TuesdayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 493 wordsBody       The Chinese government said today it sees no reason for "third parties" to oppose China's Three Gorges (CTG) bid for EDP at a time of increasing scrutiny of Chinese investment in the West. "When cooperation is based on mutual respect, with benefits and gains for both ... I see no reason for other parties to contest," said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang, when asked by Lusa about a possible resistance of the regulators to the business.  "The Chinese Government supports and encourages Chinese companies to enter into mutually beneficial cooperation with Portuguese companies," he added at a press conference.  Lu Kang also stressed the "friendly ties" between Portugal and China, arguing that the two countries "have achieved very positive results" in their cooperation.  In recent years, China has become one of the leading investors in Portugal, buying major stakes in energy, insurance, health and banking.  However, China's Three Gorges (CTG) bid for EDP comes at a time of increasing scrutiny in Europe and the United States over Chinese investment, with several deals being blocked for national security reasons.  In Portugal, the prime minister, António Costa, has already stated that he is not opposed to the deal, but the operation will also have to be approved by other countries where EDP holds assets, namely the United States, Brazil or Spain, or by the European Commission.  In the United States, the deal will depend on the approval of the US Foreign Investment Committee, which is responsible for reviewing acquisitions by foreign entities that could threaten national security, at a time of renewed tension between Washington and Beijing over trade and investment.  In recent months, the Washington-based company has struck a number of deals involving Chinese companies, including an offer from a subsidiary of China's Alibaba group by money transfer company MoneyGram, or the purchase of a semiconductor maker from the US state of Oregon, by a company funded by the Chinese Government.  Both businesses were blocked for national security reasons.  Also in Europe, China's strategic advances are attracting greater scrutiny.  Last September, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker announced plans to set up a mechanism to assess foreign investment, a measure seen as being aimed at China.  "If a foreign state company wants to buy a European port, part of our energy infrastructure or a defense technology company, this should only happen with transparency, scrutiny and debate," Juncker said.  CTG is wholly owned by the Chinese State and directly overseen by the central government through a body known as SASAC (State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission).  The Chinese company launched a voluntary takeover bid on EDP on Friday, offering a counterpart of 3.26 euros per share, representing a premium of 4.82% over the market value and evaluates the company at around 11.9 billion euros. Load-Date: May 15, 2018End of Document

Trump Indonesia project gets Chinese government partnerAssociated Press InternationalMay 16, 2018 Wednesday 8:33 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 572 wordsByline: By BERNARD CONDON and JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated PressDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - A Chinese government-owned company has signed on to build a theme park in a vast development in Indonesia that also features a Trump hotel and condos, a deal that stands to benefit President Donald Trump's company just as top Chinese envoys head to Washington for trade talks.In a move that has alarmed Trump critics, an Indonesian company confirmed this week that it hired the subsidiary of the state-owned Metallurgical Corp. of China to build a theme park in its Lido City development outside Jakarta. The property owner three years earlier struck a deal for the development to include a Trump-branded hotel, 400 luxury villas and condos, and an 18-hole championship golf course.Even though Trump's involvement in the project predated his election, ethics experts say it's still trouble for the president, possibly putting him in violation of the emoluments clause of the Constitution, which bans gifts from foreign governments."This clearly benefits the Trump Organization, and therefore its owner Donald Trump," said Harvard Law professor Laurence Tribe, who is advising on several lawsuits against the president. He added that it is irrelevant if the benefit came "indirectly" from China through the Indonesian company.MNC Land, the Indonesian company that is developing the park, is owned by billionaire Hary Tanoesoedibjo, who attended Trump's inauguration last year. In a statement, MNC Land said the Trump Organization has "no relationship" with the theme park that the Chinese company is building. It also said that news reports that a Chinese government-backed $500 million loan for the project had been signed were false.White House officials steered clear of talk of Chinese backing for the project, dismissing the belief that it could violate the emoluments clause or the Trump Organization's pledge to refrain from new foreign business while the president was in office.Staffers pointed to an answer Monday from White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah, who referred all questions to the president's business. The Trump Organization declined to comment.The deal also raised questions about possible links between the investment and the president's seemingly out-of-the-blue tweet Sunday in which he called for Chinese telecommunications company ZTE to "get back into business, fast" because "too many jobs in China" had been lost, a call to help that seemed a stark departure from Trump's "America First" foreign policy.Just last month, the Trump administration ordered a seven-year halt in American shipments of computer microchips and software that are at the heart of most of ZTE's telecommunications gear. The Commerce Department accused ZTE of violating American sanctions by selling to Iran and North Korea. ZTE phones had also been banned from U.S. military bases earlier this year over fears they could pose a security threat.White House officials denied any connection between the company and the Indonesia project. Instead, they framed the tweet as a call to protect American jobs - many of the ZTE components are made in the United States - and placed it in the context of ongoing negotiations about trade between the two countries certain to accelerate when senior Chinese officials arrive in Washington later this week.The overture could also reduce tension with Beijing as Trump leans on China for help in the weeks before his summit with North Korea leader Kim Jong Un in Singapore.Load-Date: May 17, 2018End of Document

Trump Indonesia project gets Chinese government partnerAssociated Press Financial WireMay 16, 2018 Wednesday 8:33 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 572 wordsByline: By BERNARD CONDON and JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated PressDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - A Chinese government-owned company has signed on to build a theme park in a vast development in Indonesia that also features a Trump hotel and condos, a deal that stands to benefit President Donald Trump's company just as top Chinese envoys head to Washington for trade talks.In a move that has alarmed Trump critics, an Indonesian company confirmed this week that it hired the subsidiary of the state-owned Metallurgical Corp. of China to build a theme park in its Lido City development outside Jakarta. The property owner three years earlier struck a deal for the development to include a Trump-branded hotel, 400 luxury villas and condos, and an 18-hole championship golf course.Even though Trump's involvement in the project predated his election, ethics experts say it's still trouble for the president, possibly putting him in violation of the emoluments clause of the Constitution, which bans gifts from foreign governments."This clearly benefits the Trump Organization, and therefore its owner Donald Trump," said Harvard Law professor Laurence Tribe, who is advising on several lawsuits against the president. He added that it is irrelevant if the benefit came "indirectly" from China through the Indonesian company.MNC Land, the Indonesian company that is developing the park, is owned by billionaire Hary Tanoesoedibjo, who attended Trump's inauguration last year. In a statement, MNC Land said the Trump Organization has "no relationship" with the theme park that the Chinese company is building. It also said that news reports that a Chinese government-backed $500 million loan for the project had been signed were false.White House officials steered clear of talk of Chinese backing for the project, dismissing the belief that it could violate the emoluments clause or the Trump Organization's pledge to refrain from new foreign business while the president was in office.Staffers pointed to an answer Monday from White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah, who referred all questions to the president's business. The Trump Organization declined to comment.The deal also raised questions about possible links between the investment and the president's seemingly out-of-the-blue tweet Sunday in which he called for Chinese telecommunications company ZTE to "get back into business, fast" because "too many jobs in China" had been lost, a call to help that seemed a stark departure from Trump's "America First" foreign policy.Just last month, the Trump administration ordered a seven-year halt in American shipments of computer microchips and software that are at the heart of most of ZTE's telecommunications gear. The Commerce Department accused ZTE of violating American sanctions by selling to Iran and North Korea. ZTE phones had also been banned from U.S. military bases earlier this year over fears they could pose a security threat.White House officials denied any connection between the company and the Indonesia project. Instead, they framed the tweet as a call to protect American jobs - many of the ZTE components are made in the United States - and placed it in the context of ongoing negotiations about trade between the two countries certain to accelerate when senior Chinese officials arrive in Washington later this week.The overture could also reduce tension with Beijing as Trump leans on China for help in the weeks before his summit with North Korea leader Kim Jong Un in Singapore.Load-Date: May 17, 2018End of Document

Huawei executive warns Australia risks economy with 5G banAssociated Press InternationalJune 27, 2018 Wednesday 7:30 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 668 wordsByline: By ROD McGUIRK, Associated PressDateline: CANBERRA, Australia BodyCANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Australia could damage its economic future if it bans Huawei from the nation's next-generation mobile network technology, the Chinese telecommunication giant's Australian boss said on Wednesday.Australia barred Huawei, the world's largest telecommunications equipment supplier, on national security grounds from bidding for contracts in 2011 for the national broadband network which is being rolled out countrywide.According to media reports, the government is now poised to ban Huawei from supplying 5G networks, the next evolution in phone technology that will start commercial services in Australia next year.Huawei Australia Chairman John Lord told the National Press Club his Shenzhen-based company was having discussions with government "at all levels" on its involvement in 5G. He dismissed media reports of an imminent ban as "supposition," adding that Huawei had not contemplated that outcome."In saying 'no' to one of the leading 5G suppliers in the world, what are we really doing?" Lord said."This is not just a tough political decision, this is a long-term technology decision that could impact our growth and our productivity for generations to come," he added.Huawei has been under intense scrutiny in several countries over its links to the Chinese government. The private Chinese company started by a former People's Liberation Army major in 1987 suffered a setback in the U.S. market in 2012 when a congressional report said it was a security risk and warned phone companies not to buy its equipment.The House Intelligence Committee found that Hauwei and Chinese rival ZTE Corp., which is partly state-owned, were tied to the Chinese government."China is known to be the major perpetrator of cyber-espionage, and Huawei and ZTE failed to alleviate serious concerns throughout this important investigation. American businesses should use other vendors," the committee's chairman, Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich, told a news conference.The report said the companies failed to provide responsive answers about their relationships and support by the Chinese government, and detailed information about their operations in the United States. It said Huawei, in particular, failed to provide thorough information, including on its corporate structure, history, financial arrangements and management.Huawei denied being financed to undertake research and development for the Chinese military, but the committee said it had received internal Huawei documentation from former employees showing the company provided special network services to an entity alleged to be an elite cyber-warfare unit within the People's Liberation Army.Lord at the time urged Australia not to be swayed by the U.S. report, which he said was about protectionism rather than security.Huawei was revealed this week as the biggest corporate sponsor of overseas travel for Australian federal lawmakers, flying 12 to the company's headquarters in southern China.Lord, a retired Australian navy rear admiral, said he had been debriefed by government officials about the 2011 decision to ban the company from the national broadband network, but had not been told of any assessment of the telecom made by security agencies."I will be open and honest and say we were told that we were no longer ... allowed to bid for NBN contracts, and it ... was just based on that we were a Chinese company and they could not guarantee our equipment at that time," Lord said.Huawei has since grown into the largest provider of 4G mobile broadband in Australia and had expanded into cybersecurity, he said."We realize that as a Chinese company - we knew then, but we now realize more - we have to be squeaky clean. It's a matter of building trust and that takes time," Lord said.Treasurer Scott Morrison, asked on Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio why the government seemed to distrust Huawei, replied: "We always act in accordance with the advice of our national security agencies when it comes to matters of national security."Load-Date: June 28, 2018End of Document

Huawei executive warns Australia risks economy with 5G banAssociated Press Financial WireJune 27, 2018 Wednesday 7:30 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 668 wordsByline: By ROD McGUIRK, Associated PressDateline: CANBERRA, Australia BodyCANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Australia could damage its economic future if it bans Huawei from the nation's next-generation mobile network technology, the Chinese telecommunication giant's Australian boss said on Wednesday.Australia barred Huawei, the world's largest telecommunications equipment supplier, on national security grounds from bidding for contracts in 2011 for the national broadband network which is being rolled out countrywide.According to media reports, the government is now poised to ban Huawei from supplying 5G networks, the next evolution in phone technology that will start commercial services in Australia next year.Huawei Australia Chairman John Lord told the National Press Club his Shenzhen-based company was having discussions with government "at all levels" on its involvement in 5G. He dismissed media reports of an imminent ban as "supposition," adding that Huawei had not contemplated that outcome."In saying 'no' to one of the leading 5G suppliers in the world, what are we really doing?" Lord said."This is not just a tough political decision, this is a long-term technology decision that could impact our growth and our productivity for generations to come," he added.Huawei has been under intense scrutiny in several countries over its links to the Chinese government. The private Chinese company started by a former People's Liberation Army major in 1987 suffered a setback in the U.S. market in 2012 when a congressional report said it was a security risk and warned phone companies not to buy its equipment.The House Intelligence Committee found that Hauwei and Chinese rival ZTE Corp., which is partly state-owned, were tied to the Chinese government."China is known to be the major perpetrator of cyber-espionage, and Huawei and ZTE failed to alleviate serious concerns throughout this important investigation. American businesses should use other vendors," the committee's chairman, Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich, told a news conference.The report said the companies failed to provide responsive answers about their relationships and support by the Chinese government, and detailed information about their operations in the United States. It said Huawei, in particular, failed to provide thorough information, including on its corporate structure, history, financial arrangements and management.Huawei denied being financed to undertake research and development for the Chinese military, but the committee said it had received internal Huawei documentation from former employees showing the company provided special network services to an entity alleged to be an elite cyber-warfare unit within the People's Liberation Army.Lord at the time urged Australia not to be swayed by the U.S. report, which he said was about protectionism rather than security.Huawei was revealed this week as the biggest corporate sponsor of overseas travel for Australian federal lawmakers, flying 12 to the company's headquarters in southern China.Lord, a retired Australian navy rear admiral, said he had been debriefed by government officials about the 2011 decision to ban the company from the national broadband network, but had not been told of any assessment of the telecom made by security agencies."I will be open and honest and say we were told that we were no longer ... allowed to bid for NBN contracts, and it ... was just based on that we were a Chinese company and they could not guarantee our equipment at that time," Lord said.Huawei has since grown into the largest provider of 4G mobile broadband in Australia and had expanded into cybersecurity, he said."We realize that as a Chinese company - we knew then, but we now realize more - we have to be squeaky clean. It's a matter of building trust and that takes time," Lord said.Treasurer Scott Morrison, asked on Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio why the government seemed to distrust Huawei, replied: "We always act in accordance with the advice of our national security agencies when it comes to matters of national security."Load-Date: June 28, 2018End of Document

China tells international airlines to toe the line on TaiwanCNN WireMay 3, 2018 Thursday 6:59 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 578 wordsByline: By Daniel ShaneDateline: HONG KONG (CNNMoney) BodyHONG KONG (CNNMoney) --  China is turning up the heat on some of the world's top airlines over how they describe Taiwan on their websites. Qantas, Australia's biggest carrier, said Thursday it had received a warning from the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC). Other airlines that have ran afoul of the Chinese authorities include American and Delta.Qantas said in a statement that it would respond to the letter from the CAAC "in due course."The Sydney Morning Herald reported that the Chinese agency told Qantas to remove any public information on its website that suggests Taiwan, Hong Kong or Macau are located in countries other than China. The Chinese government in Beijing considers self-governed Taiwan to be an integral part of its territory, and comes down hard on any suggestions to the contrary. Hong Kong and Macau are special administrative regions of China.The CAAC did not respond to a request for comment. The Qantas website on Thursday listed Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau as countries, with no mention of China.The CAAC also sent similar letters recently to American Airlines and United, according to a report Friday by Foreign Policy.American confirmed it received a letter from the CAAC but declined to give further details. United referred CNNMoney to the State Department.The State Department said it's aware of the CAAC orders to several US airlines, and has reached out to the Chinese government to raise "strong concerns.""We object to Beijing dictating how U.S. firms, including airlines, organize their websites for ease of consumer use," a State Department spokesperson said in a statement. "Chinese companies' websites operate freely and without political interference in the United States."The spokesperson added: "While we seek a mutually beneficial commercial aviation relationship with China, we will consider taking appropriate action if necessary in response to unfair Chinese actions."With its growing ranks of middle-class consumers eager to travel, China is an important market for global airlines. The International Air Transport Association forecast last year that China would surpass the United States as the world's top aviation market by 2020.Beijing appears to be using its increasing economic clout to push international companies to adhere to its stance on sensitive issues.Earlier this year, Delta was publicly scolded by the CAAC for listing Taiwan and Tibet as countries on its website. Delta quickly apologized and fixed the issue. It's not just airlines, either. Chinese authorities recently blocked Marriott's websites and apps for a week in China after it listed Tibet, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan as separate countries in emails and apps. European clothing retailer Zara was chastised for a similar misstep. China and Taiwan -- officially the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China, respectively -- separated in 1949 following the Communist victory on the mainland after a civil war.They have been governed separately since, though a shared cultural and linguistic heritage mostly endures -- with Mandarin spoken as the official language in both places.China has conducted a lengthy campaign to pressure governments to sever diplomatic ties with Taiwan. The latest to do so was the Dominican Republic, which switched its allegiance to Beijing this week.-- Nanlin Fang and Julia Horowitz contributed to this report.TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.NotesUPDATE 3pm ET: Adds State Department comment that it has "strong concerns" about the Chinese government's interference. Load-Date: May 4, 2018End of Document

CHINA: JOB ADS DISCRIMINATE AGAINST WOMENStates News ServiceApril 23, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 1082 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: Hong Kong BodyThe following information was released by Human Rights Watch:Government, Companies Seek 'Men Only,' Hype Having 'Beautiful Girls'China's government and private Chinese companies should end their widespread use of gender discriminatory job advertisements Chinese authorities rarely enforce legal prohibitions against gender discrimination in employment and in advertising.(Hong Kong) China's government and private Chinese companies should end their widespread use of gender discriminatory job advertisements, Human Rights Watch said in a new report today. Chinese authorities rarely enforce legal prohibitions against gender discrimination in employment and in advertising."Nearly one in five job ads for China's 2018 national civil service called for 'men only' or 'men preferred,' while major companies like Alibaba have published recruitment ads promising applicants 'beautiful girls' as co-workers," said Sophie Richardson, China director at Human Rights Watch. "Chinese authorities need to act now to enforce existing laws to end government and private hiring practices that blatantly discriminate against women."The 99-page report, "'Only Men Need Apply': Gender Discrimination in Job Advertisements in China," analyzed over 36,000 job advertisements posted between 2013 and 2018 on Chinese recruitment and company websites and on social media platforms. Many of the ads specify a requirement or preference for men. Some job posts require women to have certain physical attributes with respect to height, weight, voice, or facial appearance that are irrelevant to job duties. Others use the physical attributes of companies' current female employees to attract male applicants.April 23, 2018 Report"Only Men Need Apply"Gender Discrimination in Job Advertisements in ChinaDownload the full report in EnglishDownload the appendices of the report in Englisha¸i''e 'a»eRRHuman Rights Watch found that in the 2017 Chinese national civil service job list, 13 percent of the job postings specified "men only," "men preferred," or "suitable for men." For example, a posting for a position at the Ministry of Public Security news department read, "need to work overtime frequently, high intensity work, only men need apply." In the 2018 national civil service job list, 19 percent specified a requirement or preference for men. In contrast, none specified "women only," "women preferred," or "suitable for women" in the 2017 list and only one specified a preference for women in the 2018 list.Private Chinese companies, including some technology giants, have also used gender-specific ads. For instance, search engine giant Baidu advertised a job in March 2017 for content reviewers stipulating that applicants must be "men," and have "strong ability to work under pressure, able to work on weekends, holidays and night shifts." E-commerce conglomerate Alibaba in a January 2018 job ad stated "men preferred" for two "restaurant operations support specialist" positions.Beyond unlawfully depriving women of job opportunities, these job ads reflect deeply discriminatory views about women: that they are less intellectually, physically, and psychologically capable than men, or that they are not fully committed to their jobs because some will eventually leave their positions to have a family.Sexual objectification of women is also common in job advertising in China. Many ads specify irrelevant physical requirements. For instance, an ad posted on the job search website Zhilian Zhaopin for clothing sales associates in Beijing read, "high school diploma or above, female, 18-30 years old, net height 163 cm or higher, trim figure, aesthetically pleasing." An ad for train conductors in Shaanxi province had the job titled "fashionable and beautiful high-speed train conductors."Some job ads use the physical attributes of women often the company's current employees to attract male applicants. In recent years, Alibaba has repeatedly published recruitment ads boasting that there are "beautiful girls" or "goddesses" working for the company. In an October 2016 article published on tech company Tencent's official recruitment WeChat account, a male employee was quoted saying, "The reason I joined Tencent originated from a primal impulse. It was mainly because the ladies at human resources and that interviewed me were very pretty.""Sexist job ads pander to the antiquated stereotypes that persist within Chinese companies," Richardson said. "These companies pride themselves on being forces of modernity and progress, yet they fall back on such recruitment strategies, which shows how deeply entrenched discrimination against women remains in China."China's Labor Law and other laws and regulations prohibit gender discrimination in employment, and the Advertising Law bans gender discrimination in advertising. However, the laws lack a clear definition of what constitutes gender discrimination and provide few effective enforcement mechanisms. The main enforcement agencies local bureaus of human resources and social security and bureaus of industry and commerce rarely proactively investigate companies that violate relevant laws, and their responses to complaints filed by women's rights activists are irregular and inconsistent. Often, the bureaus only ordered companies publishing gender discriminatory ads to remove or change the ads. On rare occasions, companies were fined.Several women in recent years have brought successful court challenges to gender discrimination in job ads, but the compensation imposed on violators was low. In 2013, college graduate Guo Jing sued a culinary school in Zhejiang province that published an ad for a male-only clerk position. The court ruled that the school violated Guo's rights to equal employment and ordered it to pay Guo 2,000 yuan (US$300) in damages. This is believed to be the first time a job seeker won a gender discrimination case.The Chinese government's deep hostility toward rights activism and restrictions on freedom of expression have seriously hindered efforts by women's rights activists against gender discrimination in employment. Prominent women's rights activists have faced police harassment, intimidation, and forced eviction in recent years. Social media accounts that advocate for women's rights have been repeatedly muzzled."Instead of harassing and jailing women's rights activists, the Chinese government should engage them as allies in combating gender discrimination in the job market and beyond," Richardson said.Load-Date: April 23, 2018End of Document

Beijing Wants to Rewrite the Rules of the InternetAtlantic OnlineJune 18, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1632 wordsByline: Samm SacksBodyIt's never been a worse time to be a Chinese telecom company in America. This evening, the Senate is set to vote on whether to restore a ban on U.S. company sales to prominent Chinese telecom player ZTE, a penalty for its illegal shipments to Iran and North Korea. The bill also includes a measure that would ban U.S. government agencies from buying equipment and services made by ZTE and Huawei, one of its competitors, to tackle cyber threats to U.S. supply chains. Meanwhile, a revelation that Huawei was among the companies with whom Facebook had data-sharing agreements, which allowed device makers to access user data and that of their friends, sparked fears that the Chinese government now possesses a treasure trove of sensitive data on U.S. citizens.ZTE and Huawei have become flashpoints in the Trump administration's confrontation with Beijing over cybersecurity, investment, trade, and technological leadership. All this comes as the administration slapped tariffs on $50 billion in Chinese goods last Friday. But amid the hysteria surrounding these two companies, we may be missing a less obvious but potentially more impactful challenge: China's ambitions to radically overhaul the internet.In late April, just days after the Commerce Department announced the denial order against ZTE, Xi Jinping, the president of China, gave a major speech laying out his vision to turn his country into a "           cyber superpower." His speech, along with other statements and policies he has made since assuming power, outlines his government's ambition not just for independence from foreign technology, but its mission to write the rules for global cyber governance-rules that look very different from those of market economies of the West. This alternative would include technical standards requiring foreign companies to build versions of their products compliant with Chinese standards, and pressure to comply with government surveillance policies. It would require data to be stored on servers in-country and restrict transfer of data outside China without government permission. It would also permit government agencies and critical infrastructure systems to source only from local suppliers.China, in other words, appears to be floating the first competitive alternative to the open internet-a model that it is steadily proliferating around the world. As that model spreads, whether through Beijing's own efforts or through the model's inherent appeal for certain developing countries with more similarities to China than the West, we cannot take for granted that the internet will remain a place of free expression where open markets can flourish.China has been open about its intentions to            change how the world addresses development. As part of that vision, for over a decade, it has            advocated for something its leaders call "cyberspace sovereignty" as a rebuke to established actors in internet governance like the United States, Europe, and Japan. To advance this model, Xi created            a powerful government body to centralize cyber policy. In addition to passing a major cybersecurity law, China has pushed through dozens of regulations and technical standards that, in conjunction, bolster the government's control of and visibility into the entire internet ecosystem, from the infrastructure that undergirds the internet, to the flow of data, to the dissemination of information online, to the make-up of the software and hardware that form the basis of everything from e-commerce to industrial control systems. In a 2016 speech, Xi called for            core internet technologies deemed critical to national and economic security to be "secure and controllable"-meaning that the government would have broad discretion, even without specific written regulations, to decide how it protects information networks, devices, and data.China's cyber governance plan appears to have three objectives. One is a legitimate desire to address substantial            cybersecurity challenges, like defending against cyber attacks and keeping stolen personal data off the black market. A second is the impulse to support domestic industry, in order to wean the government off its dependence on foreign technology components for certain IT products deemed essential to economic and national security. (In effect, these requirements exclude foreign participation, or make foreign participation only possible on Beijing's terms.) The third goal is to expand Beijing's power to surveil and control the dissemination of            economic, social, and political information online.To achieve these objectives, Beijing has instituted standards that force foreign companies to build China-only versions of their products, and to comply with government surveillance policies. Government security audits allow Beijing to open up these companies' products and review their source code, putting their intellectual property at risk, which was documented comprehensively for the first time last March in            a report by the Office of the United States Trade Representative. Article 37 of the cybersecurity law also increases government control over the sort of data that can be transferred out of the country, while            unwritten rules reward companies that store data on local servers.Many of these elements serve a dual purpose: supporting domestic industry while further closing off the internet.            Freedom House ranks China as "the worst abuser of internet freedom," noting that its government affiliates "employ hundreds of thousands or even millions of people to monitor, censor, and manipulate online content." Such policies also effectively exclude foreign content, leaving Chinese providers with uncontested market openings.But Beijing wants not only to prevent the United States from interfering with its domestic cyber policies: It also wants to            set the tone for how the rest of the world governs the internet. To exert influence on its partners, it uses direct outreach to foreign governments, as well as massive investments in internet technologies through the Belt and Road Initiative, extensive military-to-military cooperation, and growing participation in international institutions.In 2015, for instance, China selected Tanzania (China is Tanzania's largest trade partner) as a            pilot country for China-Africa capacity-building, giving Beijing substantial influence over Tanzania's government. China used that influence to foster collaboration around cyberspace governance. Since 2015, Tanzania has passed a cyber-crime law and            subsequent restrictions on internet content and blogging activity that parallel China's content controls. Both have been informed by technical assistance from the Chinese government. At a roundtable in Dar es Salaam sponsored by Beijing, Edwin Ngonyani, Tanzania's deputy minister for transport and communications,            explained, "Our Chinese friends have managed to block such media in their country and replaced them with their homegrown sites that are safe, constructive, and popular." Among other countries where China invests heavily,            Nigeria has adopted measures requiring that consumer data be hosted in Nigeria, while Egypt has pending legislation that would mandate ride-sharing companies to store data in-country while also making it more accessible to authorities. Chinese partners like Ethiopia, Sudan, and Egypt engage in aggressive            online content control.Other countries, meanwhile, have adopted only parts of China's law. Independent of Beijing, Russia has forged a model akin to China's, embracing an intrusive government role in cyberspace including the most expansive data localization and surveillance regime in the world. Last week Vietnam adopted a cybersecurity law that            mirrors China's. India has imposed some            indigenous technical standards, and is considering legislation to enact            domestic-sourcing requirements for cybersecurity technologies.China's model appeals to these countries because it provides them with tools to take control of an open internet. Online platforms used for terrorism and political dissent threaten national stability. The Edward Snowden revelations and crippling cyber attacks like WannaCry and Mirai create a sense of vulnerability that China's model promises to fix.   The most alluring feature of the China model appears to be content control, as a broad range of China's neighbors and partners engage in blocking, filtering, and manipulating internet content. Also alluring: its rules for storing data on servers in-country, which can help law enforcement and intelligence officials get access to user information.The problem with China's model is that it crashes headlong into the foundational principles of the internet in market-based democracies: online freedom, privacy, free international markets, and broad international cooperation. China's model may also not even be effective in delivering on its promises. For example, government-imposed content-control measures have proven to be poor tools in fighting online extremism. Filtering or removing online content has been compared to a game of "           whack-a-mole," making it ineffective and cost-prohibitive. Such controls also suppress countervailing discourse from key anti-extremism influencers, which have proven to be            effective in offering compelling alternative narratives and discrediting extremist ideas.The implications for the strength and resilience of the global internet ecosystem are troubling. China's control-driven model defies international openness, interoperability, and collaboration, the foundations of global internet governance and, ultimately, of the internet itself. The 21st Century will see a battle of whether it is the China model or the more inclusive, transparent, collaborative principles that underpinned the internet's rise that come to dominate global cybersecurity governance.Load-Date: June 19, 2018End of Document

The gopher lasted little: Dominican Republic breaks with Taiwan and begins new relationship with ChinaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 1, 2018 TuesdayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 529 wordsBody While Soto Jimenez announced "the withdrawal of the patriotic symbols from the Dominican diplomatic headquarters," the Taiwanese government protested. According to the Taiwanese news agency CNA, which in turn cites the island's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Dominicans broke ties for a juicy promise: 3,000 million dollars in what the Taiwanese authorities called "cheating" for countries Developing.  In a press conference, the Minister of Foreign Affairs came to say how the money promised to the Dominicans will be spent: 220 million for housing; 400 million for roads, 1.6 billion will go to the construction of railways while 50 million will be dedicated to updating the computer system of civil aviation. Money will also be allocated to the construction of hydroelectric and natural gas plants.  (You may be interested: Taiwan, suffocated by China, resist)  The blow is even stronger if we consider that, according to the Taiwanese newspaper Jingji Ribao, the Taiwanese government had just handed over millions of aid to the masters: two helicopters, 90 military trucks and 100 motorcycles that cost 35 million dollars and that were of little use. to convince the Dominican Republic to follow the 75-year relationship it had with Taiwan.  -The mess of the students-  In this new scenario, one of the big questions was what would happen to the Dominican students who received scholarships from Taiwan. The answer came in a trill from the administrative minister of the Dominican presidency, José Ramón Peralta.  "After the establishment of diplomatic relations between the Dominican Republic and the People's Republic of China, the Chinese Government has pledged to receive all Dominican students who are currently receiving scholarships from Taiwan," the minister trilled, adding that "they will be providing the necessary assistance to Dominican students who are studying in Taiwan, and their families "  The scholarships, then, will be approved in China, like the approved courses and the Dominican Republic adds to the trend in which, in less than a year, several countries such as Panama, Sao Tome and Principe, turn their backs on Taiwan. to shake hands with the communist government of China.  -New loves-  At a press conference yesterday in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and his Dominican counterpart, Miguel Vargas, formalized the news.  "The People's Republic of China and the Dominican Republic, in accordance with the interests and wishes of the two peoples, have decided to reciprocally recognize each other and establish diplomatic relations at the ambassadorial level," the joint statement signed by the representatives of both countries read. .  (Also read: Taiwan will hold military simulations for eventual "invasion" of China)  While both leaders announced to the press their new diplomatic "friendship" from Beijing, the legal consultant of the Dominican Executive Power, Flavio Darío Espinal, did the same from the National Palace of the Presidency, in Santo Domingo.  Simultaneously, the legal advisor of the Dominican Executive Power, Flavio Darío Espinal, did the same from the National Palace of the Presidency, in Santo Domingo. Load-Date: May 1, 2018End of Document

China tells international airlines to toe the line on TaiwanCNNMoney.comMay 2, 2018 Wednesday 2:59 PM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY NEWSLength: 560 wordsByline: Daniel ShaneBodyChina is turning up the heat on some of the world's top airlines over how they describe Taiwan on their websites.Qantas, Australia's biggest carrier, said Thursday it had received a warning from the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC). Other airlines that have ran afoul of the Chinese authorities include American and Delta.Qantas said in a statement that it would respond to the letter from the CAAC "in due course."The Sydney Morning Herald reported that the Chinese agency told Qantas to remove any public information on its website that suggests Taiwan, Hong Kong or Macau are located in countries other than China.The Chinese government in Beijing considers self-governed Taiwan to be an integral part of its territory, and comes down hard on any suggestions to the contrary. Hong Kong and Macau are special administrative regions of China.The CAAC did not respond to a request for comment.The Qantas website on Thursday listed Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau as countries, with no mention of China.The CAAC also sent similar letters recently to American Airlines and United, according to a report Friday by Foreign Policy.American confirmed it received a letter from the CAAC but declined to give further details. United referred CNNMoney to the State Department.The State Department said it's aware of the CAAC orders to several US airlines, and has reached out to the Chinese government to raise "strong concerns.""We object to Beijing dictating how U.S. firms, including airlines, organize their websites for ease of consumer use," a State Department spokesperson said in a statement. "Chinese companies' websites operate freely and without political interference in the United States."The spokesperson added: "While we seek a mutually beneficial commercial aviation relationship with China, we will consider taking appropriate action if necessary in response to unfair Chinese actions."With its growing ranks of middle-class consumers eager to travel, China is an important market for global airlines. The International Air Transport Association forecast last year that China would surpass the United States as the world's top aviation market by 2020.Beijing appears to be using its increasing economic clout to push international companies to adhere to its stance on sensitive issues.Earlier this year, Delta was publicly scolded by the CAAC for listing Taiwan and Tibet as countries on its website. Delta quickly apologized and fixed the issue.It's not just airlines, either. Chinese authorities recently blocked Marriott's websites and apps for a week in China after it listed Tibet, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan as separate countries in emails and apps. European clothing retailer Zara was chastised for a similar misstep.China and Taiwan -- officially the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China, respectively -- separated in 1949 following the Communist victory on the mainland after a civil war.They have been governed separately since, though a shared cultural and linguistic heritage mostly endures -- with Mandarin spoken as the official language in both places.China has conducted a lengthy campaign to pressure governments to sever diplomatic ties with Taiwan. The latest to do so was the Dominican Republic, which switched its allegiance to Beijing this week.-- Nanlin Fang and Julia Horowitz contributed to this report.Load-Date: May 4, 2018End of Document

Rising Trade Tensions; DOJ Ends ObamaCare Defense; IG Report Concerning the Clinton E-mail Cassette for Time in Release; Trump Talks Tough on Iran; Trump Trade and Tariffs; China Trade Tensions; Facebook Software Flaw; IMF Agrees To $50B Deal To Help Argentina's Economy; Ferrari Sells For $70M; "Ocean's 8" Hits Theaters; "Legally Blonde" Is Back; "A Star Is Born" RemakeMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 6:00 AM ESTJune 8, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 8232 wordsByline: Maria Bartiromo, Dagen McDowell, Rachel Campos-Duffy; Gary B. Smith, Cheryl Casone, Jon Hilsenrath, Michael TammeroGuests: Hugo GurdonBodyMARIA BARTIROMO, FBN HOST: Hello there ladies, good morning to you and TGIF. Happy Friday everybody, thanks for joining us. I'm Maria Bartiromo and it is Friday, June 8th. Your top stories right now 6:00a.m. on the East Coast.Trade tensions running high this morning, President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron ramping up their rhetoric on Twitter before President Trump leaves for Quebec next hour. We will bring you all of that coming up live this morning.Tough talk on trade ahead of the G-7 Summit meeting for sure, that's weighing on investors. Take a look at Futures indicating a decline of a start of trading, up better than 150 points right now. Dow Industrial down two-thirds of one percent, S&P500 down 16 points, that's also two-thirds of a percent. And the NASDAQ down almost one percent, 70 points lower on the NASDAQ right now.This after a mixed performance yesterday, the Dow climbed to its highest level in nearly three months yesterday closing up 95 points, a third of a percent. You had gains in energy, that's certainly offset weakness in technology yesterday with the NASDAQ was down three quarters of a percent yesterday, 54 points lower.In Europe this morning, we're looking at declines across the board. Take a look, FT-100 down almost a percent, CAC Quarante in Paris down a third of a percent and the DAX Index in Germany down better than one percent.In Asia overnight, weakness across the board, as you can see, the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong worst performer, down one and three quarters percent overnight. Shanghai Composite in China down one and a third percent.The defense rest, the Justice Department announcing it will no longer stand up for major provisions in the Affordable Care Act. What that means for the future of President Obama's signature legislation coming up.And Facebook is facing another privacy glitch, 14 million users affected after some of their private posts were made public. The new backlash this morning, coming up.And a record auto sale, a vintage Ferrari selling at auction, we will tell you the eye-popping price tag for that gorgeous set of wheels right there.And it was a big weekend at the Box Office, Oceans Eight hitting theaters this weekend, we are looking at the trend of sequels and remakes going into the long weekend this weekend and we'll check out Oceans Eight.All those stories coming up this Friday morning and joining me to talk all about it, FOX Business Network's Dagen McDowell. FOX News Contributor, Rachel Campos-Duffy. And Kadina Group President, FOX Business Contributor, Gary B. Smith. Good to see you this morning.GARY B. SMITH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Nice to see you all. It's exciting times, isn't it? I wish I was more in the news, you know. There never seems to be anything to talk about these days, right?BARTIROMO: So much to talk about. Rachel, welcome back. Good to see you.RACHEL CAMPOS-DUFFY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: So much. Thank you. Great to be back.DAGEN MCDOWELL, FBN ANCHOR: Yes, how indigent of you?SMITH: I -- well, I'm hoping we can focus the whole three hours on the biggest news which was the Washington Capitol is finally taking the curse. Of course, they didn't win in the 19 years. I lived in D.C., finally did it when I left but I'm glad they're off the schneid.BARTIROMO: Big news. Lot to talk about the Stanley Cup in Washington.SMITH: Exactly.MCDOWELL: (INAUDIBLE) drink up essentially. Coming to the people of Washington --SMITH: I don't believe them.MCDOWELL: -- or anybody who's ever lived there.DUFFY: I called my husband last night and I'm like, "Where are you?" And he's like, "I'm in the cloak room." I'm like, "What's that sound?" He's like, "The game's on." So everyone was watching.BARTIROMO: Yes. A lot of people, a lot of interest there. Well listen, they're winning so that's good. Then a lot going on this morning.Coming up this morning, White House Principal Deputy Press Secretary, Raj Shah is joining the conversation. House Financial Services Committee Chairman and Texas Congressman, Jeb Hensarling is with us this morning, along with House Republican Conference Chairwoman and Washington Congresswoman, Cathy McMorris Rodgers.We got a big three hours ahead, don't miss a moments of it, we got a lot coming up. And we want to kick it off right here this hour with this, trade tensions are flurrying up again ahead of the G-7 meeting this weekend. The White House says President Trump will leave the group of seven summit earlier than planned following a day of back and forth between fellow world leaders about trade.The president taking jabs at both Canada and France via Twitter writing this, "Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are changing the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The E.U. trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 billion. Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.Going to be an important meeting. And he added this, "Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things, but he doesn't bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300% on dairy, hurting our farmers, killing our agriculture."President Trump will now leave the summit early we are told, he's leaving tomorrow morning in route to Singapore ahead of his upcoming meeting with North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un. These are the headlines right now going into the G-7, Dagen, and anything not getting resolved today, we'll see about that in terms of these trade discussion, that's number one.MCDOWELL: And we started yesterday and -- by saying the markets were not worried, didn't seem concerned about the trade tensions between us and our greatest allies. Well this morning, they do actually came worried.That that's the reason for the -- at least 169-point loss on the Dow Futures right now that people are pointing to is they are concerned. And even people within the White House, even Mick Mulvaney who was on your program earlier this week admits there's going to be short-term pain and either investors are going to have patience with this president and this administration as we try and come together with some better trade deals or they're not. And this morning, they're impatient.BARTIROMO: That was such a good interview that you did with Mick Mulvaney earlier in the week and I wonder, did you get a sense from him that he thinks that these issues are going to impact economic growth? Because they're counting on economic growth here for the next couple of years.MCDOWELL: They're beginning -- people within the administration are -- even Kevin Hassett, they are acknowledging that this is going to at least slow -- shave a little bit off of growth.BARTIROMO: OK.MCDOWELL: But it does dovetail with what Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has said all along that it's going to be a minimal impact at least in the short run that we're not talking about giant dollar amounts. However, it still impacts people's lives.BARTIROMO: Yes, uncertainty.MCDOWELL: And that's what -- when we talk about dairy farmers, that's -- the tariff -- the Canadian tariff on dairy hurts but so does a retaliatory tariff on like a ginseng root grower in Wausau, Wisconsin where he lived.DUFFY: Where they're being very specific about where they're doing these tariffs because they know that it impacts the elections in the way these congressmen thinks and also they're counting on economic growth not just in long-term. They're worried about it rolling into the midterms because they're running on that.BARTIROMO: Of course.DUFFY: And in my state, in Wisconsin with dairy, the farmers are nervous but they also -- and I did talk to my husband last night, Congressman Sean Duffy, he said they're nervous but they also believed that he's doing a long game. I mean, Canada has (INAUDIBLE) policies when it comes to dairy, so --BARTIROMO: Yes.SMITH: I agree with --MCDOWELL: The reason -- real quick, the reason I mentioned ginseng is because China threatened a retaliatory against ginseng and that is right in (INAUDIBLE)BARTIROMO: Big exports out of Wisconsin.MCDOWELL: Yes, exactly.DUFFY: Right in my town.BARTIROMO: Yes. Wow.SMITH: I agree with Rachel though. I think when you say it's a long game, I used two words for all these downturn as you pointed out in the market Dagen, buying opportunity. You know why? Every time we thing Trump has it wrong, I think he has it wrong on trade to be very honest with you.He has what they call in bridge and other card games, he has good card sense. He has an instinct to do what's right. You would think right up front ruffling the feathers of the other -- the countries in the G-7 is absolutely the wrong thing to do, he turns out to be the right thing to do because he's shaking things up. I would like no tariffs to be honest with you. I would like all the other country's privates to come in here --BARTIROMO: But you don't want the situation the way it is that the U.S. is at a disadvantage.SMITH: I don't. I think the more -- the cheaper products come into our country, the better off we are. But the fact is, he wants to reset the table in some way, shape, or form and I think that's good and I think that's why when stocks are down like this, I think it's time to buy.DUFFY: Voters always said they want our president, our leaders to think ahead, to think about the long-term and here's our --SMITH: Exactly. Or at least think differently some time.DUFFY: Or think differently. But here we have it and it and it makes people nervous but in the long run, I think we may end up being that wrong.MCDOWELL: They just don't -- but a lot of the -- whether it's somebody who needs steel to operate their business or aluminum. And even all the farmers who are potentially a boat manufacturers in United States, bourbon makers, they're -- who are facing possible retaliatory tariffs.In the short run, the steel and aluminum tariffs on the surface, they helped the few and hurt the many in terms of workers in the United States and they could potentially grab a cost.SMITH: You know, this is --MCDOWELL: I mean, history shows us that.BARTIROMO: And if you think this is -- well, you think this is well by design in terms of impacting the very things that are made in Trump country?DUFFY: Oh, absolutely. If you've been specifically targeted to the districts where he won by 15, 16, 20 percent --BARTIROMO: Can you imagine that? That's unbelievable.DUFFY: -- it's very clever of -- on their part. By the way, I'm really glad that during this entire thing we have a businessman president, not a community organizer president because these are dangerous times economically.MCDOWELL: Well I had an idea yesterday, I was just thinking about it that we're approaching historic summit with North Korea. How did we get North Korea to the table? Very hard economic sanctions --SMITH: Exactly.MCDOWELL: -- on that nation and tough talk even via Twitter from our own president. So what's going on with trade here? We have tough talk, you're talking about --BARTIROMO: And China, let's give China credit.DUFFY: Oh, it's true.MCDOWELL: Tough talk and sanctions.BARTIROMO: Getting China also to help.MCDOWELL: Sanctions essentially tariffs.SMITH: That is my point, exactly. We have been treating North Korea and China the same way for the past 50 years. Trump decide to do something different, it's working.BARTIROMO: Well look, we got record numbers on the economy. And that's the worry here because President Trump's handling of the economy is actually hitting a new high. Take a look at these numbers, this is according to the latest FOX News poll, it finds 52 percent of registered voters approved of his handling of the economy while 41 percent disapprove.So your reaction to these numbers Gary because this is the kind of number that is going to drive the GOP in the midterm election.SMITH: Exactly. It always boils down to three things, household net worth I think is at an all time high. We have unemployment at 3.8 percent, we have housing prices that have finally surpassed their peak back in what a 2006 at the top of the housing crisis, people feel richer and they have jobs, why wouldn't they love the economy right now?BARTIROMO: Well, does the trade issue cut into economic growth, that's the worry.MCDOWELL: It will --DUFFY: Well, that's the concern.MCDOWELL: It will -- it will slow it a little bit but the rational would be now is the good time to do it because it prevents the economy from overheating potentially even though it might drive up prices which regulate would be inflation.But one thing to note in terms of politically and we're going to cover this story later, the Justice Department has filed this, won't defend the ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act and they're going -- basically they're trying to end the ban on insurers denying coverage and charging higher rates to people with pre-existing conditions, that is a huge issue because it really upends the ObamaCare insurance market going right into the midterms. And so there are a lot -- this will introduce a lot of uncertainty politically and economically.DUFFY: And I just want to say on these numbers, the Obama folks and the democrats have tried very hard to not give Donald Trump credit for these numbers, trying to say, "Obama set the table, he got this going."BARTIROMO: Right.DUFFY: And when we were talking to people in January, people were believing that. But now they believed their -- as you said, they believed their own family budget, they believe that they're going on vacation the first time -- summer for the first time.BARTIROMO: Well everybody knows this administration put into place the rollback in regulations.DUFFY: That's right.BARTIROMO: Everybody knows that this administration is (INAUDIBLE) cut plan done.SMITH: Well Obama has set the table -- Obama set the table and Trump came in and changed all the linens, silverware, place settings and everything, so --BARTIROMO: Yes. And then there's North Korea. Wow, what a week we have next week. So the president says that he is ready for this historic sit down with Kim Jong-un, it's happening this Tuesday, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think I'm very well prepared. I don't think I have to prepare very much. It's about attitude, it's about willingness to do, get things done but this isn't a question of preparation, it's a question of whether or not people want it to happen. That's going to be much more than a photo op, I think it's a process I've told you that many times before. I think it's not a one meeting deal, it will be wonderful if it were.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And the president, the president just tweeted this on North Korea, this is moments ago actually. He says this, "Obama, Schumer, and Pelosi did nothing about North Korea, and now weak on crime.High tax Schumer is telling me what to do with the summit the dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we do not need his advice." So what about that? Your expectations for this summit Rachel, because it's true. This is not a new issue, North Korea and now you see this meeting set up, this is historic.DUFFY: It is historic and I think that the president -- by the way, I don't think he said in that interview a lot of criticism for saying it -- we don't need preparation. I don't think -- when you -- when you listen to what he said, he didn't say, "I'm not going to be prepared." He's saying it's not really so much about the preparation as that this is a new game and we're coming with a new attitude --BARTIROMO: Well how do you prepare for this meeting?DUFFY: Well, I mean I guess you want to know that --BARTIROMO: How do you prepare for this meeting?DUFFY: You want to know the history of what they've said before to know, you know, when they're lying because they do that a lot.BARTIROMO: OK, that's good. Because Kim Jong-il, his father said a lot of things and they never kept up with that.DUFFY: And then it never happened. So -- but you've got -- remember, you've got Bolton, you've got Pompeo, and you've got the president. I feel really good about this, and I feel that this could happen, boy, going into the midterms with a success like this is --BARTIROMO: It's pretty huge.DUFFY: It's pretty huge.BARTIROMO: Yes.MCDOWELL: But, again, it's the manufactured outrage, one comment from the president. It's like --BARTIROMO: Manufacturers, good word for it.MCDOWELL: He said what he said. Of course, he's going to go sit down and to expect that a deal is going to get sealed up and delivered in a one meeting that last maybe a day or two, it's just -- it -- nobody is setting expectations that high not even the president.BARTIROMO: Which is what the president keeps saying. He says --MCDOWELL: Right, exactly.BARTIROMO: -- "Look, this may take another meeting." He's even suggesting that he might -- if it goes well, have Kim Jong-un in Mar-A-Lago.SMITH: If Obama had gotten this far, it already have a second Nobel Piece Prize.DUFFY: Absolutely.BARTIROMO: Yes. Yes.DUFFY: Absolutely true.BARTIROMO: And what was the first one for? No really, the first one before?DUFFY: For breathing.SMITH: Yes. Yes, what was the --DUFFY: For being alive.SMITH: Yes, what was the first one for?DUFFY: Just being Obama.BARTIROMO: Being there. OK. We will take a quick break. When we come back, we have some serious business to get to. Killed in the line of duty, a Milwaukee police officer has died in a car crash while chasing a suspect. Details on why this is especially hard for the Wisconsin City, we'll tell you about it when we come back from that -- this short break.And then another set book -- setback for Facebook, this time the social media company is blaming a software bug for making posts public even if users did not want them to be public. This is affecting 14 million, are you one of them? The new backlash this morning, back in a moment with that.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Well a police officer has died in the line of duty in Milwaukee. Cheryl Casone with all the details, she's got headlines now. Cheryl, good morning to you.CHERYL CASONE, FBN ANCHOR: Good morning Maria. Milwaukee Officer Charles Irvine, Jr. was killed after his squad car crashed while chasing a vehicle. He was the city's first officer killed in the line of duty in more than 20 years. A fellow officer was injured in the crash but he is in stable condition. This morning, police arrested a suspect in connection with that deadly crash.Well, the Senate Intel Committee's former head of security has been indicted for leaking classified information to New York Times reporter and lying to the FBI about it. James Wolf, here he is, a veteran of the committee serving as its security director for 29 years. He was arrested yesterday, he's expected to appear in court sometime today.Well, a new blow to ObamaCare, the Justice Department says it will no longer defend key parts of the Affordable Care Act including the requirement that people have health insurance. The decision announced in a filing in a federal court room. It's a rare departure from the Justice Department's practice of defending federal law in court. But this comes, of course, after Texas and other republican-led state sued to strike down the entire lawAnd then finally there's this, are you ready to suffer through the flu for $3,500? Well, St. Louis University is paying volunteers to expose themselves to the virus after they received a flu vaccine or they might get a placebo, we don't know. They're going to be put up in a so-called hotel influenza, it's a converted research suite on campus. Scientists are hoping the results will lead to a better understanding of the illness and how to fight it. You can check out, but you can never leave is that? (INAUDIBLE) I don't know, anyways.BARTIROMO: Exactly.CASONE: Have fun on that one.BARTIROMO: Thank you. We'll follow that. Your concern about this ObamaCare issue, Dagen McDowell.MCDOWELL: It is a -- it is a very big deal. So ObamaCare prevents insurers from denying coverage to people with preexisting health conditions. And it also prevents insurers from charging those people higher rates.This filing by the Justice Department in court is trying to strike down those protections for people with preexisting conditions. And it upends the insurance market at a time when right now, the month of June, the insurers are setting their prices for next year. They announced largely in October, this was a huge, huge stick that the -- that President Trump use when he was running for the presidency.But what it does is this court decision won't happen until early summer and late fall. So you have insurers that really don't know what to do. And it is a huge rent. It just shows that the Trump Administration still is focused on dismantling ObamaCare and big parts of it. The question remains and maybe we'll get an announcement, President Trump has telegraphed this in recent weeks, but they've going to come up with a replacement.BARTIROMO: Right. What's the alternative?MCDOWELL: Right.DUFFY: The alternatives is what the states have done which is to take people who are very sick, we move -- put them in a different pool so it doesn't affect everybody else's rates. And, again, this is about moving things back to the state, away from the centralized ObamaCare idea of healthcare.MCDOWELL: Yet -- but you need the funding to do that. And that's what -- the repeal and replace that passed in the House but did -- but failed in the Senate had provisions for this but, again, this is a -- this is a big, big issue.BARTIROMO: Do they want to be making this change now going into the midterm election?MCDOWELL: I think that based on the court case, the Trump Administration maybe didn't have a choice. But, again, this is -- they're firing a shot across the bow and republicans who were running for re-election whether it's in the Senate or particularly in the House, all those House races, this will be the talk of the weekend.DUFFY: And the democrats have said they'll make healthcare a big issue.BARTIROMO: Uh-hmm. Yes. Well that is their issue.DUFFY: Right.BARTIROMO: If there's any message, it's around healthcare.DUFFY: Yes.BARTIROMO: Otherwise, there's not much of a message other than resist President Trump. Meanwhile, the president is tweeting this morning, we want to bring you this tweet right now, he's talking about Canada. He writes this, "Canada charges the United States a 270% tariff on dairy products. 270 percent, they didn't tell you that did they? Not fair to our famers."So here you have once again the president pushing back on these tariffs and the fees that our friends across the world charge us and for reasons for his tariffs.We're going to take a break. When we come back, growing frustration, Paul Ryan is chiming in on the waiting game for the Inspector General's report on the Russia and Hillary Clinton probes. What the House Speaker is saying now, back in a minute.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. PAUL RYAN (R-WI), SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: They shouldn't take a Speaker of the House to have to get involved every one of these times to get the Department of Justice or any department in the executive branch to comply with Congressional Oversight request.The sooner the Department of Justice complies with all of our document requests, which are legitimate document requests, the better this is going to be for everybody. And had they complied with these document requests earlier when we made them, we probably could have spared the country with all this drama.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: That was House Speaker Paul Ryan responding to a question regarding Congressional investigations, sharing his frustration as the Inspector General gets ready to issue his report on the FBI's handling of the Hillary Clinton e-mail investigation.Now we know that there is a date. It is slated to come out on June 14th, this upcoming week, the same day as President Trump's birthday by the way. Here now is Hugo Gurdon, Washington Examiner Editorial Director. Hugo, good to see you. Thank you so much for joining us this morning.HUGO GURDON, EDITORIAL DIRECTOR, WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Thanks for having me Maria.BARTIROMO: What are you expecting from the IG report? What's the word in terms of what we should expect in this report?GURDON: Well, it's a massive report Maria, it's 500 pages or so. And I expect that it will expand greatly on the information that there is about Andy McCabe who has already been recommended for prosecution.It's probable that James Comey, former FBI head and Loretta Lynch, former Attorney General are going to come out looking -- you know, not looking good here. I suspect that there will be others who are recommended for prosecution too. And I think one of the things that's really interesting here, that the report is being delayed about week after week after week.Finally, we've got a date. But one of the things that the Inspector General does is inform those people who are referred to in the report and who have passage -- sections of the report about them, about what's being said about them. And then he incorporates their replies. The delay seems to me to indicate that there will be quite a few people have had -- have been told they are in the report and he's been waiting for their replies and we're finally going to hear about what they say.BARTIROMO: Yes. And we've been trying to understand better how far up the line in terms of the Obama Administration this really goes. Who did make the decisions in terms of oversight for the Hillary Clinton e-mail scandal versus the Trump investigation which we are waiting for any evidence of collusion which never happened obviously? So you think Loretta Lynch is going to be tabbed.GURDON: Well, I -- what exactly will be said about her, of course, I don't know. But, you know, she had a meeting with Bill Clinton on the Tarmac of the -- of an airport, this is when Hillary Clinton was being investigated.She was the one who had discussions with Comey and they, you know -- and several people in the -- senior people in the DOJ and FBI knew that she was not going to be charged with anything before she had even been interviewed about her e-mails. So, I think that there's very strong suspicion that political considerations were taken into account and influenced the way that these investigations were done which were highly improper.BARTIROMO: Right. I think they said that they were talking about grandkids.DUFFY: Right. Of course. And yoga schedules.GURDON: Yes.BARTIROMO: Oh, and yoga schedules, that's right.GURDON: Exactly.BARTIROMO: Let's switch gears, the president is sounding off on the Obama Administration this morning with regards to its dealings with Iran as the rest as well. The president yesterday said this, "The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we can get the 13 angry democrats to divert some of their energy to this "matter" as Comey would call it, investigate.What about that Hugo? How much is actually known about how lenient the Obama Administration was with Iran? We were talking about this yesterday with James Freeman and --GURDON: Right.BARTIROMO: -- from the Wall Street Journal. And basically what we learned was it was the banks, two banks that said no, pushing back on the Obama Administration saying, "No, we are not going to get involved in this and we are not going to facilitate Iran to get involved in our financial system."GURDON: Right. What happened was that the Treasury did in fact issued licenses to allow money in I think it was both in one bank in Muscat and another one in Korea to use the American Financial System to exchange the local currency through dollars into other currencies.But the banks didn't want anything. What this -- what this shows is not so much -- is not a legal -- illegality, I think the president got that wrong. The Treasury did issue the licenses but it shows how desperate the Obama Administration was to please Iran, to get cozy with Iran.It went -- it -- there is evidence that this -- these moves granting the licenses were used by the Obama Administration to show Iran that it was going beyond what was actually required in the -- in the deal even though the defense by the Obama Administration now is that it needed to do these things for the deal. I don't think that's true.MCDOWELL: Right. Right. It was -- it wasn't illegal but, again, we had Secretary of State John Kerry and all these other administration officials after the deal, they were across Europe trying to encourage banks to do business with Iran to make this work.Just to point out Hugo, we need to drive this point home. $100 billion in sanctions relief for Iran, a state sponsor of terror, $1.7 billion in pouch of cash sent in the middle of the night that we wouldn't even know about without the Wall Street Journal reported.BARTIROMO: It's incredible.MCDOWELL: And this, to basically fund Hezbollah and Hamas and the Houthi rebels in Yemen and cause unrest and exact terror on parts of this world, that's exactly what went on with this.HUGO GURDON, EDITORIAL DIRECTOR, WASHINGTON EXAMINER: You're exactly right.MCDOWELL: This is -- this is an outline of what any deal with North Korea does not need to look like. All it did -- we handed Iran money and then just pushed down the road development of a nuclear weapon. Again, the sunset, the nuclear development kicks back in, in 2025. It's an abomination.GARY B.SMITH, PRESIDENT, KADINA GROUP: Here's my question though, and maybe Hugo, you can best answer this, and I -- you've used some interesting words that what they've uncovered was improper, what they've uncovered, they shouldn't have done.Are we ever going to get to some indictable offenses, yes, they haven't -- the past administration have done things they shouldn't have done, but, again, I think the American taxpayers get into the point where they say, so what? Every administration does that.BARTIROMO: I don't know about that.GURDON: I think that on this particular issue relating to Iran, I don't suppose there will be indictments but because there were licenses. But Jack Lew, the Treasury Secretary deceived Congress by when he was asked questions about this. There was language that had been prepared that if he was pushed on this issue, he was going to have to admit that the administration was making things easy for Iran or trying to make things easy for Iran.He didn't -- even though he was pushed on this, he never used that language. Congress was left in the dark about the fact that the administration was going above and beyond a deal which Congress didn't like anyway. And he was -- and so, there was deceit -- there was deceit and dishonesty from the Obama administration on this issue as on the many other issues.BARTIROMO: Certainly feels that way. Hugo, good to see you, thanks so much.GURDON: Thanks also for having me.BARTIROMO: We'll see you soon, Hugo Gurdon, back in a minute.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Good Friday morning, everybody, thanks so much for joining us this morning. I'm Maria Bartiromo and it is Friday, June 8th, your top stories right now, 6:34 on the East Coast. It is all about the three T's, President Trump's trade and tariffs, the commander-in-chief headed to the G7, in Quebec, Canada next hour.He just tweeted again saying this, looking forward to strengthening our unfair trade deals, straightening our unfair trade deals with the G7 countries. If it doesn't happen, we come out even better. It will be the first-time world leaders will confront the President face-to-face since the U.S. slapped tariffs on steel and aluminum imports on our key allies, like Canada, Mexico and the E.U.The uncertainty weighing on investors this morning, Futures indicating a loss at the start of trading today, Dow Industrials set to be down about 130 points, that's one half of one percent. The NASDAQ and the S&P 500 also negative, NASDAQ down about one percent right now, this after a mixed story yesterday on Wall Street, the Dow climbing to its highest level in nearly three months yesterday.Weakness in technology weighed down the NASDAQ, it was down 54 points, but the Dow, it was up 95 points yesterday. In Europe this morning, mixed performances, take a look, largely lower, the FT-100 down two-thirds of a percent, the CAC Quarante is down just a fraction. But the DAX Index in Germany down three quarters of one percent.In Asia overnight, declines across the board, take a look, worst performer was Hong Kong. Hang Seng Index down one and three quarters of a percent. Following the crumbs back to Nancy Pelosi, the House Minority Leader attacking President Trump, again, this time, she's criticizing the country's nearly 18-year high in consumer confidence under President Trump's leadership. We'll tell you what she had to say.Facebook is facing another privacy glitch, meanwhile, 14 million users have been affected after some of their private posts were actually made public, the new backlash this morning, coming up, and a record auto sale, a vintage Ferrari, selling at auction, we will tell you about the eye-popping price tag on that Ferrari, coming up. Female fronted Ocean's 8, hoping to make waves at the box office this weekend. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SANDRA BULLOCK, ACTRESS: I would just want a simple life. I just want to hold on a job, make some friends. Yes, pay my bills.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: We've got a preview of the star-studded film, plus other summer sequels and reboots, coming up later this hour. Stay with us on that. But first, our top story this half an hour, new numbers coming out this morning, could further intensify trade tensions between the United States and China.China's trade surplus narrowed in the month of May on strong imports, but the gap with the United States, actually widened. Joining us right now is the Wall Street Journal's Global Economics Editor, Jon Hilsenrath, Jon, good to see you this morning. Welcome.JON HILSENRATH, EDITOR, GLOBAL ECONOMICS, WALL STREET JOURNAL: Good morning, Maria, great to be here.BARTIROMO: A bit of a mixed bag on the China Issue, not so good on the trade numbers but then there's ZTE, be back in business after striking a deal with the Congress Department. What do you think about this deal with ZTE, Jon?HILSENRATH: Well, you know, I think we haven't heard the end of this story. The attention now turns to what's going on in Congress. Lawmakers are trying to overturn it. And they're also asking questions about other Chinese suppliers here. You know, we have a story today about lawmakers pressing Google on its relationship with the Huawei, a big Chinese computer supplier. So, you know, I think we're -- I think we haven't heard the end of this story.BARTIROMO: Well, there's a lot of debate about this ZTE issue, obviously, Dagen, what's your take on this new -- this new agreement to let ZTE, once again, operate.MCDOWELL: The United States better get something good from keeping this --BARTIROMO: What does the U.S. get?MCDOWELL: Right. And I think it remains to be seen. But we're keeping this alive. This is -- this is a third chance the United States is giving ZTE, because, again, when it was found out that it was essentially selling U.S. technology to sanctioned nations, including North Korea and Iran. There was an initial set of penalties and they were -- ZT was supposed to punish its employees and, in fact, we caught -- the Chinese government owns this company.We caught them, the company, lying about it and actually giving bonuses to those employees who were behind those deals with North Korea and Iran, to name a couple of the nations. So we're giving them a lifeline. Again --SMITH: There is a billion-dollar fine, though, right?BARTIROMO: A Billion-dollar fine on top of --MCDOWELL: On top, but, so what? It's the Chinese government. This is a company that is essentially behind espionage. It is -- it is banned from - - it is banned from getting -- affectively banned from getting U.S. government contracts.BARTIROMO: Yes. Let me just say it again because we've said it a million times on this program, over the last couple of weeks. China buying more stuff, does nothing to address the big and important issues that the economy here faces, and that is the theft of intellectual property and the forced transfer of technology. Those are the issues that business cares about and that the economy cares about there in the U.S. I don't care how much more agricultural products China buys.SMITH: you bring up the best point. Can you fight intellectual theft with tariffs? It doesn't -- it seems --BARTIROMO: Well, he's using it as a tool. Larry Kudlow called it a tool and that's fine to use tariffs as a tool. But at the end of the day, China is not even admitting to the theft of the IP. So, how do you change something that they won't even admit they're doing?DUFFY: Well, and also, there's national security implication --BARTIROMO: Exactly.DUFFY: Whenever I see China, I would see communist China. I think it's important we remember that. They are trading partner but they're also a geopolitical --BARTIROMO: President Xi is the dictator for life.DUFFY: Right.BARTIROMO: He's got the job for the rest of his life.MCDOWELL: Jon, what -- Jon, what do we -- what's the U.S. getting for keeping this China -- Chinese government owned company and business?HILSENRATH: Well, you know, what the Trump administration is trying to separate the whole ZTE thing from the negotiations that are going on over, as you say, intellectual property theft, and over production of steel and aluminum and tariffs. They're saying they're two separate issues.You know, the President had a one on one conversation with President Xi of China, and agreed to give the company another chance. You know, the one other thing I'd say is, you know, in addition to this billion dollar fine, we're putting monitors in their companies.BARTIROMO: That's true. Important points.HILSENRATH: So, they're saying, you know -- you know, we are saying that we're -- we have a better handle on what they're doing and that it isn't directly related to the trade imbalances that the President Trump is trying to address.BARTIROMO: Does it matter that we are going to be monitoring, we're going to be overseeing the people who are actually on the board of ZTE. That's something we are getting, so let's talk about that for a second.MCDOWELL: They've lied to -- they've lied to the U.S. before. And again, is it someone who is an American who works within the commerce department?BARTIROMO: No.MCDOWELL: And what kind of --BARTIROMO: Probably not.MCDOWELL: And how closely will we be able to supervise this company? Because the ownership structure of it is very convoluted and complicated. And again, I keep hitting this, you talked to Devin Nunes of the -- of the House Intelligence Committee on so many issues.BARTIROMO: Yes.MCDOWELL: But this is one of the companies including Huawei, which Facebook is doing business with. That is under investigation because of worries the equipment is used to spy on or sabotaged U.S. network.BARTIROMO: There you go.DUFFY: Is it possible? Is it possible that this ZTE issue is part of a deal that --BARTIROMO: Yes.DUFFY: Wait a minute.BARTIROMO: It better be. There's no other reason.DUFFY: But is it part of not just trade, but is it playing into North Korea? Is there something that China's doing on that in exchange for this? Is that possible?SMITH: Here's the bigger problem, though, is that even if we sat in, in all their executive meetings at ZTE, is only a finger in the dike. What about all the other companies?BARTIROMO: Real quick, I got to get your take on Nancy Pelosi. House Minority Leader, Jon, Nancy Pelosi is back at attacking President Trump on the economy. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA), HOUSE MINORITY LEADER: Unless we have an increase, a very significant increase, and wage and bigger pay checks. Are we going to increase the frustration America's families because I'll be saying, hip, hip, hooray, unemployment is down.What does that mean to me in my life? This isn't just about the unemployment rate. It's about wages rising in our country so that consumer confidence is restored because our economy will never fully reach its possibilities, unless we increase the consumer confidence.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Jon, yes, hip, hip, hooray. Consumer confidence is at an 18 year high right now, Jon. Does she not know that?HILSENRATH: Yes, the unemployment rate at 3.8 percent is down in its lowest level. You know, we haven't seen unemployment rates this low since the height of the tech boom and then in -- and then back to the late 1960s. So, the economy is in pretty good shape right now. It's pretty hard to argue against that.You know, we're probably grown close to four percent in the second quarter after the south first quarter engine. Yesterday, the FED released a report showing that the wealth of American household. I think this an astonishing number that people need to hear $100 trillion of net worth in American households, that's the value of all the stock and we all say portfolio's minus the value of the debt that they hold. This is a wealthy nation. It is doing pretty well right now.BARTIROMO: That's incredible.MCDOWELL: She makes my head hurt.BARTIROMO: Did she not now these numbers?MCDOWELL: If I will say this is clenched teeth, so I don't use an exploitative. If you care about putting money in the people's pockets and their pay checks going up then you would've signed onto the tax cuts.BARTIROMO: Not one Democrat voted yes for the tax cuts. They have to explain that in NovemberSMITH: She even got the wages wrong. The wages actually, have been rising.DUFFY: That's exactly right.(CROSSTALK)DUFFY: Totally, totally, totally.(CROSSTALK)BARTIROMO: So maybe she doesn't actually know the numbers. She's just talking politics.SMITH: Yes, exactly.BARTIROMO: Right?HILSENRATH: Well, she's a politician. That's what they do. They all talk politics. They all spin the numbers.BARTIROMO: That's true. Jon, good to see you, thank you so much. Have a great weekend, Jon.HILSENRATH: OK. All right, thanks a lot.BARTIROMO: Jon Hilsenrath, great point there about the wealth of this country. Coming up, Facebook is on fire again. The privacy settings of 14 million users, changed to public without their knowledge. We will tell you what the social media giant is saying now.BARTIROMO: Well, another day, another blackeye for Facebook, apparently. Cheryl Casone with the details and headlines now. Cheryl.CASONE: Loosing track? All of those things have happened to Facebook, Maria. Facebook now says that some postings from up to 14 million users that were supposed to be private were made public after a software bug -- reset default user settings. Facebook said that that bug has now been fixed. The incident occurred over several days back in May. Tech investor, Roger McNamee, who mentored Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, discussed the social network's series of privacy scandals yesterday with you.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ROGER MCNAMEE, FOUNDING PARTNER, ELEVATION PARTNERS: The company had this motto for years called "move fast and break things". The notion was don't let anything get in the way of growth. The reality is, it was really move fast, break things, apologize, and then move on as if nothing has happened and that's really where Mark is now.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Well, Facebook shares are lower in the pre-market; down about one -- little more than 1-1/4 percent right now.Well, the International Monetary Fund in Argentina reaching a $50 billion bailout agreement. Argentina has been seeking a financing deal with the IMF after a sharp devaluation from its currency. The peso, down more 25 percent this year against the dollar. The staff level agreement now requires the approval of the IMF's executive board.Well, Deutsche Bank reportedly weighing a merger with its rival Commerce Bank. Deutsche's chairman speaking with shareholders about a potential deal, but the bank is downplaying. It's high up could come anytime soon. Deutsche Bank has been scaling back its investment banking unit -- and they've been cutting thousands of jobs. Shares of Deutsche Bank are lower in the premarket. Right now, the stock has plunged 40 percent so far this year. It is down almost 2-3/4 percent right now in the premarket.Well, the 1963 Ferrari 250 GTO that reportedly just sold at auction raked in $70 million. That makes it the most expensive car in the world. WeatherTech Founder and CEO David McNeil, is the proud new owner. He built this fortune-selling, high-end formats for cars. I wish I would've follow that, Maria. Anyways, nice ride.(LAUGHTER)MCDOWELL: -- Weather Tech floor liner in their pickup truck. Come on. Get down.BARTIROMO: Thank you, Cheryl. Coming up, overflowing with female star power, "Ocean's 8", should rise at the top of the box office this weekend. Plus, blonde is back. There is now a date set for Reese Witherspoon to step back into her heels as Allie Woods; we will tell you when. Summer sequels and reboots all coming up right here. Back in a minute.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In 3-1/2 weeks, The Met will be hosting its annual ball and we are going to rob it. Not the ball itself --UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That's over --UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: $100 million.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's $150 million, actually.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: That was a clip from "Ocean's 8". It's starring Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett, the newest Ocean's sequel -- debuts in theaters this weekend. Joining us right now, Host of "IN THE FOX LIGHT", Michael Tammero. Michael, great to see you.MICHAEL TAMMERO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST AND VICE PRESIDENT OF MARKETING: Good to see you, my Maria.BARTIROMO: While you're tweeting, let's make some waves.TAMMERO: Let's make some waves --(LAUGHTER)TAMMERO: Because it's Friday.BARTIROMO: How is it? Do you like this film?TAMMERO: I like this movie.BARTIROMO: Yes?TAMMERO: I sort of kind of love it. I mean, the critics are sort of killing it. It's mixture views. They only -- I think they're missing the point. It's light, fun movie in the summer. Great cast: Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Helena Bonham Carter, Rihanna, (INAUDIBLE). What more do you want from a movie?BARTIROMO: That's very cool. I have -- can it beat last weekend's top performer: "Solo: A Star Wars". Let's watch because it was the king of the theaters.TAMMERO: Yes. Yes, it looks to be like the -- I think there's going to be a tidal wave at the box office this weekend. So, there's been crashing weekend to weekend.BARTIROMO: Oh, really?TAMMERO: This will probably pool in about -- some estimates I've seen, 45 to 50 million, which would top -- get this, Maria -- all the previous Ocean 8 movies helmed by men.BARTIROMO: All of them?TAMMERO: They have all production about 35 to 38 million apiece. This will look to pool in about 40-plus. Yes, the women are beating the men at the box office.BARTIROMO: Meanwhile, the blonde is back. Reese Witherspoon taking to Twitter with the phone announcement that should be back for "Legally Blonde III". Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)(CAR ENGINE)(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: That's our tease?TAMMERO: What a great way to promote a movie, right? I can't wait for this. People love these movies. It grows about $100-plus million at the box office. And we'll see what happens. I have a feeling, though, she's probably going to take on a Trump-like, that's sort of the talk.BARTIROMO: So, it gets political.TAMMERO: Yes, yes.BARTIROMO: OK. This is really the one that I'm excited about. The remake of "A Star is Born". Lady Gaga looks amazing. Bradley Cooper, they're there to gather. The sneak peek has been released. Let's watch it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BRADLEY COOPER, ACTOR: Do you write songs or anything?STEFANI JOANNE ANGELINA GERMANOTTA, SINGER AND SONG-WRITER: I don't sing my own songs.COOPER: Why?GERMANOTTA: I just don't feel comfortable.COOPER: What makes you feel comfortable?GERMANOTTA: Almost every single person told me: they like the way I sounded but that they didn't like the way I look.COOPER: I think you're beautiful.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: She looks so good.TAMMER: For the Oscar right now.BARTIROMO: I know. I agree with you!(CROSSTALK)BARTIROMO: Oh, Stephanie.TAMMERO: Her big-screen debut. This is all of the people that have been talking about all, Maria, along is this trailer. When she starts singing.BARTIROMO: She even looks like Babs.TAMMERO: She does, right? I've been singing "Evergreen" all morning long.BARTIROMO: Exactly. Exactly.TAMMERO: I'm not going to go there, but yes.BARTIROMO: I love it. OK. So, you like it. You think this is going to be big?TAMMERO: This is one that people are going to be talking about.BARTIROMO: I totally agree with you. Michael, good to see you.TAMMERO: Good to see you.BARTIROMO: Have a great weekend, Michael Tammero. We will be right back. We've got a lot coming up. Your mother's beauty department is getting a face lift. That's next.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Good Friday morning, everybody. Thanks so much for joining us this morning. I'm Maria Bartiromo, and it is Friday, June 8th, your top stories right now, 7:00 a.m. on the East Coast.Load-Date: June 8, 2018End of Document

WaPo: Chinese government hackers steal massive amounts of data from Navy contractor computersCNN WireJune 8, 2018 Friday 9:24 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 309 wordsByline: By Sophie Tatum and Ryan Browne, CNNDateline: WASHINGTON (CNN) BodyWASHINGTON (CNN) --  Chinese government hackers have stolen large swaths of highly sensitive data on undersea warfare from a Navy contractor's computers, The Washington Post reports. The stolen information includes secret plans to develop a supersonic anti-ship missile to be used by submarines by 2020, American officials told the Post. The incidents took place in January and February, but officials did not disclose the contractor that was targeted, the newspaper reported Friday. Although the information was highly sensitive, it was housed on the contractor's unclassified network, according to the Post. "Per federal regulations, there are measures in place that require companies to notify the government when a 'cyber incident' has occurred that has actual or potential adverse effects on their networks that contain controlled unclassified information," Navy Lt. Marycate Walsh said in a statement. "It would be inappropriate to discuss further details at this time." According to US officials, the Navy is heading up the investigation with the help of the FBI, the Post reported. China and the US have long had a contentious relationship. Just this week, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer was charged with attempting to send national defense information to China -- the latest case in a series of Chinese spying cases. In addition, the trial of former CIA covert officer Kevin Patrick Mallory, who also is accused of spying for China, began last week in Virginia. The news comes amid aggressive new efforts by Chinese intelligence to go after American state secrets, experts say, even as tensions increase over trade between the countries. Last month, President Donald Trump announced plans to impose tariffs on billions of dollars' worth of Chinese goods.TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: June 9, 2018End of Document

WaPo: Chinese government hackers steal massive amounts of data from Navy contractor computersCNN.comJune 8, 2018 Friday 5:24 PM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICSLength: 291 wordsByline: By Sophie Tatum and Ryan Browne, CNNDateline: Washington BodyChinese government hackers have stolen large swaths of highly sensitive data on undersea warfare from a Navy contractor's computers, The Washington Post reports.The stolen information includes secret plans to develop a supersonic anti-ship missile to be used by submarines by 2020, American officials told the Post.The incidents took place in January and February, but officials did not disclose the contractor that was targeted, the newspaper reported Friday.Although the information was highly sensitive, it was housed on the contractor's unclassified network, according to the Post."Per federal regulations, there are measures in place that require companies to notify the government when a 'cyber incident' has occurred that has actual or potential adverse effects on their networks that contain controlled unclassified information," Navy Lt. Marycate Walsh said in a statement. "It would be inappropriate to discuss further details at this time."According to US officials, the Navy is heading up the investigation with the help of the FBI, the Post reported.China and the US have long had a contentious relationship. Just this week, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer was charged with attempting to send national defense information to China -- the latest case in a series of Chinese spying cases. In addition, the trial of former CIA covert officer Kevin Patrick Mallory, who also is accused of spying for China, began last week in Virginia.The news comes amid aggressive new efforts by Chinese intelligence to go after American state secrets, experts say, even as tensions increase over trade between the countries. Last month, President Donald Trump announced plans to impose tariffs on billions of dollars' worth of Chinese goods.Load-Date: June 9, 2018End of Document

The Chinese government confirmed that it can access deleted WeChat conversations - and people are terrifiedBusiness Insider USMay 1, 2018 Tuesday 06:24 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 526 wordsByline: feedback@businessinsider.com,  (Tara Francis Chan)Highlight: Officials in the city of Chaohu accessed deleted messages which helped extract a confession - and have sparked privacy fears among many Chinese internet users. A government agency posted about the investigation, but then deleted the message when it started going viral.BodyPETER PARKS/AFP/Getty Images• Chinese authorities in one city accessed a person's deleted WeChat messages, apparently without permission from the user or courts.• Anti-corruption officers used restoration technology to get back entirely deleted conversations.• Tencent, the maker of WeChat, denied storing or viewing user data.• But their claim makes little sense given that Chinese law now mandates internet companies keep network logs.• The system is part of preparation for China's wide-ranging "social credit" system, which uses intense surveillance to dole out punishments and rewards.Chinese authorities have acknowledged for the first time they're able to access deleted WeChat messages without users' permission.Over the weekend a state anti-corruption body in Hefei, in the Anhui province, posted on WeChat that authorities in the nearby city of Chaohu had managed to access entire conversations that had been deleted.The action appears to be have undertaken without any sort of warrant, and led to a confession."The Chaohu city discipline inspection and supervision commission retrieved a series of deleted WeChat chat histories from a suspect in March," the Saturday post read, which was deleted the following day after it started going viral.Tencent, the company that runs WeChat, has repeatedly denied that it snoops on user data. In a statement, they said that authorities didn't use a WeChat backdoor, but rather harnessed technology that helps users restore their own deleted conversations."It is the same technology used to recover important files on computers," Tencent's statement said. "WeChat does not store any chat histories. They are stored only on users' phones, computers or other devices."There are numerous instances of the government appearing to have read private WeChat messages through some sort of back door, and the company tried to head off such criticism."We have neither the authority nor the motive to look into users' chat histories," the statement also said.But that claim isn't necessarily true.Last year, China introduced a sweeping cybersecurity law, requiring internet companies to store all network logs for at least six months, and store all user data on servers located in China.New regulations also urged social media companies to begin rating people with a credit system, deducting users' points for disobeying regulations. But to be able to do so these companies would need to be able to see users' posts.In Australia, which has long been wary of security concerns related to Chinese technology company Huawei, the government recently banned defense officials from using WeChat.NOW WATCH: These 3D printed homes can be constructed for $4,000 - and they might change the approach to underdeveloped housingSee Also:• 21 hot cars at the 2018 Beijing Auto Show• China quietly pulled a propaganda film celebrating its tech giants days after the US sanctioned one of them - and it could be troubling news for Huawei• Instagram is rolling out a feature that will let you download all of your photos and past searches in one fell swoopSEE ALSO: China's 'Great Firewall' is taller than ever under 'president-for-life' Xi JinpingLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

Why the US and China settled for a trade truce; Trump's threat of a US-China trade war has abated, but underlying tensions are likely to deepen over China's drive to catch up with the US on technology.The Christian Science MonitorMay 23, 2018 WednesdayCopyright 2018 Christian Science Publishing Society All Rights ReservedSection: EconomyLength: 1030 wordsByline: Laurent Belsie Staff writer, Michael Holtz Staff writerBodyAn irresistible force - President Trump's trade agenda - has met an immovable object known as China Inc., and the result is an uneasy truce.Both sides over the weekend backed away from threatened tariffs. China agreed to buy more US energy and farm goods and, on Tuesday, cut its tariffs on imported cars from 25 percent to 15 percent.  The challenge for both sides is that the nub of their trade conflict - technological prowess - has no easy answers. The United States relies on its technological edge and its huge market to keep ahead of its economic rivals. China, which is by some measures a larger economy, is determined to rival or surpass the US in key technologies, such as artificial intelligence and robotics. For now, say trade analysts, this tension will likely play out as a soft rivalry rather than a trade war, as Mr. Trump had threatened to unleash.The confrontation is part-and-parcel of the duel between two economic and political systems, one with lots of government control (China) and the other (the US) more market-oriented. And it's unlikely to be assuaged by a face-saving trade deal, no matter how many Illinois soybeans China might purchase to try to reduce the US-China trade deficit."The trade imbalance, that's the surface of the cannonball, but at the core of the cannonball is this techno-nationalism," says Erik Lundh, senior economist with The Conference Board in New York. "There's a little phrase that I've been hearing [in trade circles] and it goes: 'No trade war but no trade peace.' "Technological tug of war The current tug of war over China's ZTE Corp., a telecom manufacturer, has come to symbolize this technological conflict.For the US, ZTE reflects the kind of double-dealing typical of China when it comes to keeping its word, in this case sanctions. After China pledged to uphold US sanctions against Iran and North Korea, ZTE nonetheless sold US technology to both nations from 2010 to 2016. The US Commerce Department investigated and last year ZTE agreed to pay a $1.2 billion fine and discipline the employees involved.When ZTE didn't discipline them and tried to hide that fact, the Commerce Department responded in April with a seven-year ban on buying US parts. That pushed ZTE to the brink of collapse because without US parts it couldn't keep manufacturing its telecom equipment and mobile devices. Its Hong Kong-listed shares were suspended last month.In an apparent move aimed at securing Chinese support for a planned North Korean summit, President Trump said last week the US penalty was too harsh on ZTE.But he got a sharp bipartisan rebuke from Congress. On Tuesday, the Senate Banking Committee unanimously passed a bill prohibiting the administration from softening the ZTE penalties as well as imposing stricter export controls and national-security reviews of Chinese high-tech deals in the US. The same day 27 senators, including leaders from both sides of the aisle, wrote a letter urging US departments to reject any easing of tech-export controls in any future US-China trade deal.China may draw a different conclusion from the ZTE debacle.That one of its technology stars, employing nearly as many people as Google, could implode because of US policy serves as a reality check. For all its prowess in artificial intelligence and supercomputing - where experts say it may be a year ahead of US challengers - China remains woefully behind in other aspects of technology, such as specialized microprocessors. That means redoubling efforts to boost its own technology base to reduce its reliance on key parts from the US and Europe. "This punishment on ZTE does not encourage but forces the Chinese government and Chinese companies to depend on themselves more, because we have lost our trust in this global value chain," says Tu Xinquan, executive dean of the China Institute for WTO Studies at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing. "That's really serious....It will [erode] trust in the global value chain, especially in the US supply."But neither China nor the US can turn their backs on their technology trade without important economic consequences.For the US, China serves not only as a source of finished goods - think cellphones and TVs - but also for low-cost tech components in complex global supply chains. And especially in the Chinese tech sectors that the US Commerce Department had targeted for tariffs, a large chunk of China's exports to the US are really sales of components from US-owned or affiliated companies in China, according to new research by the Peterson Institute for International Economics.Thus, the lion's share of China's high-tech exports are not coming from indigenous companies like ZTE but from foreign firms ranging from Apple to Cisco Systems that have expanded their manufacturing operations in China. And any tariff on those imports will be a tax on US or other foreign companies and their global supply chains, writes Mary Lovely, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute. "US firms rely on global supply chains to remain internationally competitive."Fewer joint ventures for technology transfersChina, too, can ill afford to go it alone. Research published earlier this year shows how Chinese companies in recent decades have improved their technological know-how via mandatory joint ventures with foreign firms, such as US and German automakers. That practice has come under sharp criticism recently from the US.This practice has waned since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001. One reason is the rules of the WTO. Another is that fewer companies were investing in China, says Wolfgang Keller, professor of economics at the University of Colorado at Boulder. "If you require a domestic partner, you will have ... fewer takers."While the initial tech transfer from joint ventures proved extremely useful, China - in an increasing number of areas - has allowed multinationals to set up their own operations.These trans-Pacific realities make a trade war less likely, despite the current confrontation. "I don't think this is going to be a sea change one way or another," says Mr. Keller. "It's going to be an evolving process."  Load-Date: May 23, 2018End of Document

China: Job Ads Discriminate Against WomenTargeted News ServiceApril 23, 2018 Monday 6:26 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1023 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: HONG KONG, China BodyHuman Rights Watch issued the following news release:China's government and private Chinese companies should end their widespread use of gender discriminatory job advertisements, Human Rights Watch said in a new report today. Chinese authorities rarely enforce legal prohibitions against gender discrimination in employment and in advertising."Nearly one in five job ads for China's 2018 national civil service called for 'men only' or 'men preferred,' while major companies like Alibaba have published recruitment ads promising applicants 'beautiful girls' as co-workers," said Sophie Richardson, China director at Human Rights Watch. "Chinese authorities need to act now to enforce existing laws to end government and private hiring practices that blatantly discriminate against women."The 99-page report, "'Only Men Need Apply': Gender Discrimination in Job Advertisements in China," analyzed over 36,000 job advertisements posted between 2013 and 2018 on Chinese recruitment and company websites and on social media platforms. Many of the ads specify a requirement or preference for men. Some job posts require women to have certain physical attributes - with respect to height, weight, voice, or facial appearance - that are irrelevant to job duties. Others use the physical attributes of companies' current female employees to attract male applicants.Human Rights Watch found that in the 2017 Chinese national civil service job list, 13 percent of the job postings specified "men only," "men preferred," or "suitable for men." For example, a posting for a position at the Ministry of Public Security news department read, "need to work overtime frequently, high intensity work, only men need apply." In the 2018 national civil service job list, 19 percent specified a requirement or preference for men. In contrast, none specified "women only," "women preferred," or "suitable for women" in the 2017 list and only one specified a preference for women in the 2018 list.Private Chinese companies, including some technology giants, have also used gender-specific ads. For instance, search engine giant Baidu advertised a job in March 2017 for content reviewers stipulating that applicants must be "men," and have "strong ability to work under pressure, able to work on weekends, holidays and night shifts." E-commerce conglomerate Alibaba in a January 2018 job ad stated "men preferred" for two "restaurant operations support specialist" positions.Beyond unlawfully depriving women of job opportunities, these job ads reflect deeply discriminatory views about women: that they are less intellectually, physically, and psychologically capable than men, or that they are not fully committed to their jobs because some will eventually leave their positions to have a family.Sexual objectification of women is also common in job advertising in China. Many ads specify irrelevant physical requirements. For instance, an ad posted on the job search website Zhilian Zhaopin for clothing sales associates in Beijing read, "high school diploma or above, female, 18-30 years old, net height 163 cm or higher, trim figure, aesthetically pleasing." An ad for train conductors in Shaanxi province had the job titled "fashionable and beautiful high-speed train conductors."Some job ads use the physical attributes of women - often the company's current employees - to attract male applicants. In recent years, Alibaba has repeatedly published recruitment ads boasting that there are "beautiful girls" or "goddesses" working for the company. In an October 2016 article published on tech company Tencent's official recruitment WeChat account, a male employee was quoted saying, "The reason I joined Tencent originated from a primal impulse. It was mainly because the ladies at human resources and that interviewed me were very pretty.""Sexist job ads pander to the antiquated stereotypes that persist within Chinese companies," Richardson said. "These companies pride themselves on being forces of modernity and progress, yet they fall back on such recruitment strategies, which shows how deeply entrenched discrimination against women remains in China."China's Labor Law and other laws and regulations prohibit gender discrimination in employment, and the Advertising Law bans gender discrimination in advertising. However, the laws lack a clear definition of what constitutes gender discrimination and provide few effective enforcement mechanisms. The main enforcement agencies - local bureaus of human resources and social security and bureaus of industry and commerce - rarely proactively investigate companies that violate relevant laws, and their responses to complaints filed by women's rights activists are irregular and inconsistent. Often, the bureaus only ordered companies publishing gender discriminatory ads to remove or change the ads. On rare occasions, companies were fined.Several women in recent years have brought successful court challenges to gender discrimination in job ads, but the compensation imposed on violators was low. In 2013, college graduate Guo Jing sued a culinary school in Zhejiang province that published an ad for a male-only clerk position. The court ruled that the school violated Guo's rights to equal employment and ordered it to pay Guo 2,000 yuan (US$300) in damages. This is believed to be the first time a job seeker won a gender discrimination case.The Chinese government's deep hostility toward rights activism and restrictions on freedom of expression have seriously hindered efforts by women's rights activists against gender discrimination in employment. Prominent women's rights activists have faced police harassment, intimidation, and forced eviction in recent years. Social media accounts that advocate for women's rights have been repeatedly muzzled."Instead of harassing and jailing women's rights activists, the Chinese government should engage them as allies in combating gender discrimination in the job market - and beyond," Richardson said.View table here: https://www.hrw.org/news/2018/04/23/china-job-ads-discriminate-against-womenCopyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6260172 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: April 24, 2018End of Document

With movement on ZTE and Qualcomm, U.S.-China trade war may be coolingFierceWirelessMay 14, 2018 Monday 11:39 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Questex Media Group LLC All Rights ReservedSection: ARTICLELength: 433 wordsByline: Mike DanoBodyThe brewing trade war between the United States and China may have taken a step back as President Trump signaled a willingness to work with Chinese vendor ZTE. China’s government also reportedly restarted a review of Qualcomm’s attempt to purchase NXP.Although little real, tangible progress appears to have been made on either topic, and it’s unclear how the situation might ultimately move forward. In the wider context, the actions may serve to reduce the looming threat of a broader and more aggressive trade battle between the United States and China.Wall Street's worries about a trade war between China and the United States were kicked into overdrive in March when President Trump issued a presidential order barring Broadcom from purchasing Qualcomm, largely due to fears of Chinese espionage and the possibility that China would gain a lead over the United States in the development of 5G network technology.Shortly after that action, the U.S. Commerce Department blocked ZTE from exporting sensitive technology from the United States due to what the agency said was ZTE’s false claim that it reprimanded employees involved in illegally shipping telecom equipment to Iran and North Korea.The Commerce Department expressly said its action against ZTE is “is unrelated to any ongoing trade-related actions.” But the move nevertheless led China’s ZTE to largely shut down much of its manufacturing operations—the company is the fourth largest supplier of smartphones in the United States,            according to Counterpoint.Indeed, as the Wall Street Journal noted, U.S. ZTE smartphone users have been unable to update their ZTE-made Android smartphones during the past month because Google—the company behind the Android operating system—is forbidden from supplying software to ZTE because of the Commerce Department’s ban.Meanwhile, potentially in response to U.S. actions, China has withheld approval of Qualcomm’s purchase of NXP—the Chinese government is the only one that still hasn’t signed off on the deal. And Qualcomm has pegged much of its growth hopes on acquiring automotive-focused NXP to boost its chips sales beyond the cooling smartphone market.But now, things appear to be shifting.First, Trump tweeted yesterday a willingness to revisit the actions against ZTE. And just hours later, Bloomberg reported that the Chinese government restarted its review of Qualcomm’s application to acquire NXP.Of course, the political issues around the actions continue to swirl. For example, Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla.,—often a Trump ally—tweeted this morning in reaction to the president's message. Load-Date: June 5, 2018End of Document

Innovation and Ingenuity: Insights from the Harvard College China ForumHarvard Political Review: Harvard UniversityJune 6, 2018 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2018 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: WORLD; Pg. 1Length: 1747 wordsByline: Hadley DeBelloBodystyle='clear:both'>Venture Capital Panel, Harvard College China Forum, 2018.With a cup of hot coffee held securely in one hand and a large laminated name tag dangling from the other, we trekked through the "Boulevard of Flags" in Boston's World Trade Center as the morning sun peeked through the surrounding skyscrapers. It was April 7, 2018, and we were headed to the opening ceremony of the Harvard College China Forum's annual conference. Since 1997, the HCCF has run the largest student-led conference in North America, bringing in speakers from around the world to discuss topics from international relations to finance to environmental policy.The conference was an exhilarating whirlwind of dialogue. Corporate executives and politicians milled around in polished business attire, cameras clicked and flashed to capture every insightful moment, and speeches were given equally in both English and Chinese-a somewhat jarring experience for your humble correspondents who are not quite as proficient in Chinese as they would like.This year, one theme threaded through almost every conversation at the conference: China's meteoric rise in the global economy, especially within the field of technological production. Domestic Chinese technology companies are driving this growth, with 30.3% of Chinese GDP or $3.35 trillion held by technology giants Baidu, Alibaba, and Tencent. That number is expected to reach $16 trillion by 2035.Yet, technology and entrepreneurship are not synonymous with innovation. China has a reputation for imitation rather than innovation, and has been criticized for making counterfeits and cheap knock-offs of international technology products. But China cannot become a global superpower without inventing its own path. As Richard Cooper, professor of international economics at Harvard University, commented at the HCCF opening ceremony, "I'm still waiting for the first breakthrough innovation from China." As China strives to become a prominent leader in the global economy, will its technological rise also portend a revolution in innovation?Fast-ForwardWhile Westerners like Professor Cooper might doubt China's capacity to innovate, tech leaders from Beijing point to a track record of success. Supportive government policies are channeling millions of dollars into areas like Shenzhen, a former manufacturing city now known as the Silicon Valley of China. By incentivizing property holdings for new startups and tech ventures, the government has been working hard to cultivate a center of Chinese technological innovation. These policies have been paying off. Major Chinese multinational firms like Huawei and Tencent dominate this city, while smaller ventures tie into a network of support from venture capitalists, incubators, and local manufacturing companies.Like Silicon Valley, the success of Shenzhen has become a model for other regions looking to spur growth in new sectors. Beijing, Shanghai and Chengdu are among the 17 national innovation zones following Shenzhen's lead. Across China, government incentives are accelerating the growth of a new entrepreneurial class. When asked about the potential for future innovation in China-a Huawei representative answered somewhat dismissively that "China is already an innovation leader." When it comes to Chinese entrepreneurial success, it appears only foreigners are questioning the country's potential.This year's HCCF coincided with the 40th anniversary of gaigé kaifàng, or the "reform and opening-up" of the Chinese economy. Bolstered by the country's meteoric ascent during these past decades, party leadership and private workers alike are committed to ensuring future growth. Today, China is pursuing a bold transformation of its the tech sector, with ambitious government-led goals such as becoming the world's AI leader by 2030. Despite a significant roster of achievements under China's belt, Fred Hu from Primavera Capital captured the ambitions of the country when he downplayed the present as only "a very promising beginning."Startup CultureWalk through any convenience store in the United States today, and the majority of products will likely have "Made in China" inscribed in tiny letters on the packaging. As China grows, so too will the presence of these three ubiquitous words. That is the basis of "Made in China 2025," an ambitious plan rolled out by the Chinese government in 2015 to encourage high-tech development, aim for technological "self-sufficiency", and change the connotation of Chinese products being cheap and low-quality over the next decade. For China, it is not enough to simply be a competitor; it must be the global leader in all things tech.China has a few distinct advantages for tech-based startups. Joy Tan, president of Global Media and Communications at Huawei Technologies, told the crowd at HCCF that technology companies are in the midst of "an intelligence revolution." According to Tan, the companies and countries with the greatest access to data will be able to develop the best intelligent devices, utilizing machine learning and artificial intelligence driving by data mining. Boasting the largest population in the world, China offers its companies unique access to the countless data points of over 600 million smartphone users.Boulevard of Flags, Harvard College China Forum, 2018.In addition to data, China's large consumer base allows Chinese companies to grow and compete with one another at an accelerated rate. Arthur Zhang, managing director at ZhenFund, China's largest angel investment fund, stated at the HCCF's Venture Capital panel that the reason  Chinese companies like WeChat are so large and ubiquitous when compared to American companies is because, according to an old proverb, shuidà yúdà-that is, Chinese companies benefit from being "Big Fish in a Big Pond." The rise of Chinese 'unicorns,' or private companies valued at 1 billion or more, is one marker of the country's potential growth. As of 2014, half of the world's most valuable 'unicorns' originated in China. Finally, because services like Facebook, Google, and Twitter are blocked in China, domestic firms enjoy more room to grow and experiment compared to most international companies.The rapid success of these ventures shows how quickly China has managed to capitalize on its innovation-driven policy goals. However, the West has questioned whether or not Chinese firms are truly entrepreneurial, labeling internet giants like Baidu, Alibaba, and Xiaomi 'copycats' of Google, eBay, and Apple, respectively. Today, the tide is turning. Last year, Connie Chan of the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz argued that not only are Chinese firms becoming more unique and independent, U.S. companies are now beginning to imitate Chinese ideas-rather than the other way around.Didi Chuxing, one of the most promising companies in this group, is illustrative of innovation in China. Known as China's "Uber", the comparison fails to encapsulate the nuances of Didi's platform. More than just a ridesharing company, Didi's focus on AI has allowed the company to help streamline Chinese infrastructure and navigation in order to tackle traffic gridlock. While the company might seem similar to a U.S. ride-sharing brand, Didi's new take on the transportation issue in China has shifted its purpose towards a fundamentally different, innovative direction. Similar ridesharing ideas spawned in China have migrated to the United States-for example, Didi has pushed Uber to invest more in self-driving cars, and bike-sharing apps first introduced in China have inspired American counterparts.The evolution of Tencent's WeChat, often disparagingly compared to Facebook's "Whatsapp," is another example of an East-West generalization that has neglected to appreciate the original contributions of a Chinese product. WeChat is not only a texting platform, but is also a wallet, news source, gaming app, and person-to-person payment system. Now, Whatsapp is following in the footsteps of WeChat, pushing forward initiatives such as 'verified profiles' that improve legitimacy and networking for their users.The narrative of Chinese "copycats" fails to tell the story of these new ventures. Chinese companies are not just copying American models, but they are building their own tools for the 21st century. While these products may appear similar to U.S. brands on the surface, their features show next level innovations in technology. At the HCCF, representatives from China-based companies like Huawei and Sogou pointed out this distinction, while American commentators such as Richard Cooper voiced their skepticism.An Ocean ApartFor three days in April, the Harvard College China Forum reflected both the historical trends and future aspirations of China's economy. Jostling to get a seat for panels that featured China's business elite, the conference was charged with the vitality of young people eager for success. As the conference events oscillated between English and Mandarin, it seemed that two different programs were being held. In English, the dialogue circulated about the potential for Chinese innovation. In Mandarin, the conversation presupposed that innovation was already changing the face of China's economy.Sometimes talking past one another, sometimes speaking together, the different attitudes of Western and Eastern panelists seemed to hint at the challenges facing the United States and China as the two economic powers move forward. The Western sense of propriety over entrepreneurship and inability to recognize Chinese innovation was countered with Chinese frustrations about how "Westerners don't understand our China." In light of the looming trade war between these two countries, these mutually dismissive attitudes are troubling. In the near future, the United States and China will need to learn to collaborate in order to bring about global change.While it may seem like Chinese and American interests are separate, that is not the case. Increasingly, the two nations are being put into close quarters. As Harvard Professor, William Kirby, put it succinctly: "Some would say we are sleeping in different beds, dreaming the same dreams. This is simply not true. We are in bed together." Dialogues like the Harvard College China Forum are crucial to helping China and the United States understand that their shared imagination and ambition outweigh their competitive differences.Image Credit: Harvard Political Review/Alicia ZhangLoad-Date: June 6, 2018End of Document

We now know why Trump suddenly reversed course on sanctions against a Chinese tech giantBusiness Insider USMay 14, 2018 Monday 01:36 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 534 wordsByline: bbryan@businessinsider.com,  (Bob Bryan)Highlight: President Donald Trump's reversal of sanctions against Chinese telecom giant ZTE is part of a larger trade deal according to the Wall Street Journal. In exchange, the Chinese government will lower tariffs on imports of US agricultural products like pork and wine.BodyGetty Images• President Donald Trump's decision to reverse sanctions on Chinese telecom giant ZTE was part of a larger trade agreement, according to a new report.• In exchange for easing the restrictions on ZTE, the Chinese government will not impose tariffs on US agricultural products like pork and wine.• The agricultural tariffs were imposed by China in response to Trump's steel and aluminum tariffs.• The deal is not finalized yet and details still need to be worked out.President Donald Trump's stunning tweet suggesting that the US would rescind sanctions against Chinese telecom giant ZTE appears to be part of a larger deal to try and protect US farmers, according to a new report.The Wall Street Journal reported Monday that in exchange for the removal of sanctions on ZTE, China plans to drop tariffs on a slew of US agricultural products including pork.The deal may not go through, according to The Journal, and details are still being worked out. But, the existence of such an agreement would explain Trump's Sunday tweet in which the president suddenly reversed course on US penalties against ZTE."President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast," Trump said. "Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!"The Commerce Department hit ZTE with sanctions after the Chinese firm continued to do business in Iran and North Korea, a violation of US rules. ZTE was not allowed access to US-made parts for its phones and equipment, which cropped the company's operations.Given ZTE's importance to the Chinese economy, China sought to convince the Trump administration to reverse the move.In return for ZTE sanction turnaround, the Chinese government reportedly will not impose tariffs on US agricultural products that were announced as a response to Trump's steel and aluminum tariffs. Those tariffs applied to a wide variety of goods including pork, apples, and wine.The Chinese may also make it easier for other US agricultural products to enter the country in addition to the tariff relief, The Journal reported.During a talk at the National Press Club on Monday, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said that the ZTE sanctions will be part of talks when China's top economic adviser Liu He comes to Washington, DC, in the next few weeks and the US is trying to a "fair deal."But, Ross also said the sanctions were not trade actions but rather a national security issue."Our position has been that is an enforcement action separate from trade," Ross said.While the deal is not a comprehensive measure, any agreement would be a step towards decreasing recent trade tensions between the US and China.NOW WATCH: Why Russia may not be as strong as most people thinkSee Also:• Trump's top economic adviser doubts the US can seal a new major trade deal with Mexico and Canada• Trump's 'astonishing reversal' on a Chinese tech giant could signal a big shift in the trade battle• Trump reportedly vents about the FBI raids of his lawyer Michael Cohen as often as '20 times a day'SEE ALSO: Trump's 'astonishing reversal' on a Chinese tech giant could signal a big shift in the trade battleLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

ASU+GSV Summit Gathers "New Forces" of Chinese EducationPR NewswireApril 24, 2018 Tuesday 3:02 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1293 wordsDateline: SAN DIEGO, April 24, 2018 BodyTAL'sInternational Strategy Pushes for Educational InnovationAs specified by theAction to Jointly Promote Education under the Belt & Roadissued by the China's Ministry of Education, cooperation and exchange is the main way to build a community of shared education. Chinese educational enterprises are speeding up the implementation of "go global" strategy while "bring in" successful experience from overseas.China has gradually become an important participant in the integration of global education. From April 16th to 18th, the 9th ASU+GSV Summit was successfully held in San Diego, United States. The 43rd President of the United States, George Bush, former U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan, senior adviser (former CEO) of Coursera and the former president of Yale University, Rick Levin, and more than 350 global political and educational leaders from over 40 countries have gathered to discuss leading trends in global education. TAL, as one of the sponsors, appeared on the global stage of "ASU+GSV" for the first time and made an important voice at the summit.International Experts Engaged in BrainstormingThe "China Session" Gathers Innovative ForcesGeorge W. Bush, the 43rd president of the US, highlighted the importance of educational development at the opening ceremony, "We want to ensure that everyone has access to education of the same quality so as to push for educational equality". Arne Duncan, the former former U.S. Education Secretary delivered in-depth remarks on global education policies and ICT trends in education. He believed that these "emerging forces" of education should be used to their full extent.Rick Levin, senior adviser and former CEO of Coursera and the former president of Yale University pointed out, "Chinese education businesses are cooperating with the US in many fileds. The US also hopes to explore more opportunities in China's education market by means of establishing joint ventures". According to Michael Moe, founder and CEO of GSV, China is full of potential and future opportunities are to be found in China.China's strategic layout for education in terms of investment, management systems, standard setting and professional development for teachers is pursing internationalization in all aspects step by step. During the three-day summit, Chinese education businesses such as TAL, XDF, Liulishuo, Yiqi Technology and Dada ABC had in-depth discussions with internationally renowned businesses such as Coursera and GSV on issues regarding China's education market, China's cooperation with other countries in education, local innovation models from China's education market, etc.More Sophisticated Artificial Intelligence Leads China's Education onto the "Fast Track"As the leading education technology summit in the world, this conference gathered leading technology companies including Microsoft, Google and Apple. Representatives from these companies had remarkable discussions on topics such as AI, AR/VR, machine learning and STEAM. "AI+education" was an important theme in the summit because of the wide use of AI in the area of education.AI is gradually leading China's education onto the "fast track". As Huang Yan, CTO of TAL said, "China is taking the lead in education technology. TAL hopes to help children learn using science-based methods through adopting such advanced technologies as AI, big data and brain science, empowering the whole industry with open technologies and products. Meanwhile the Chinese government has always been committed to pushing for educational transformation along with nongovernmental sectors. The online broadcast and dual-teacher classroom of TAL will help more remote regions improve their education quality and work towards a balanced development of education."Chinese education businesses such as TAL, Liulishuo and Yiqi Technology appeared in the Chinese Education Exhibition, which was set up for the first time during the summit. The Magic Mirror System (facial expression recognition technology) that TAL developed independently was one of the most popular educational technology products on show. Based on AI, the system captures data regarding the students' expressions and emotions in class, and forms an exclusive study report for each student."In terms of AI application in teaching, China has already covered areas including image, sound and semantic recognition. With sound assessment technology, we are able to judge whether the student's pronunciation is correct. With semantic recognition technology, we will know whether the student's answer is correct. With facial expression recognition technology, we can observe the student's level of concentration. In this way, teaching efficiency is greatly improved," said Chen Ningyu, the general manager of XRS Online School. Yang Songfan, director of the AI Lab at TAL, also emphasized on the educational technology philosophy of "digitalized classroom and personalized contents". He said that Chinese educational technology businesses, represented by TAL, would continue to push for AI-driven educational transformation.Promote Exchange and Cooperation between China and Other CountriesCreate "New Drivers" for the Internationalization of EducationIn 2017, the size of China's education market exceeded 1.3 trillion USD with a growth rate of over 10%. The enormous size of the Chinese education market creates a wider space for China's educational cooperation with other countries. During her three-day state visit to China in February this year, British Prime Minister Theresa May signed a series of educational cooperation agreements. The total value of trade and investment cooperation projects in the field of education exceeded 550 million GBP. China is endowed with opportunities that will facilitate its efforts towards the internationalization of education. Many overseas education businesses started planning for their entry into China's education market after learning of its development trend during the three-day ASU+GSV Summit. "In recent years, China's education market developed rapidly in terms of technology and content and the volume of this market is huge," according to Chen Dinghong, the chief overseas adviser of TAL. "Made in China" is gradually transformed into "Created in China, Made for the World". TAL as well as other Chinese education businesses hope to advance education with science and technology innovation and to step up exchanges with their overseas counterparts in both content and technology.Introducing quality educational resources and creating standard international cooperation have become an important way for Chinese education businesses to expand their share in the global market. TAL, for instance, has localized learning materials of National Geographic and Reading A-Z, an American graded reading system. It works with ETS, the Oxford University Press and the Cambridge University Press and has formed strategic partnerships, making a great effort to enrich the core of its internationalized education.It has been 40 years since the beginning of China's reform and opening up. Looking ahead, China's pursuit of internationalization for education carries great significance. The demonstration of "Chinese Forces" in educational technology and internationalization during the ASU+GSV Summit reflected China's strengths in education. But what was reflected during the summit was only the tip of the iceberg. With the continuous effort of TAL and other Chinese education businesses, China will be a driver for global education and constitute an essential part of global education. View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/asugsv-summit-gathers-new-forces-of-chinese-education-300635155.htmlSOURCE TAL Education GroupCONTACT: Sylvia Wang, +86-183-1062-2033, wangshanshan4@100tal.comLoad-Date: April 25, 2018End of Document

HIV Treatment Drugs Markets in China 2018-2027iCrowdNewswire (English)June 28, 2018 Thursday 10:57 AM GMTCopyright 2018 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1032 wordsBody                   Market Reports on China Provides the Trending Market Research Report on HIV Treatment Drugs Markets in China 2018-2027 under Life Sciences. The report offers a collection of superior market research, market analysis, competitive intelligence and industry reports. China's demand for HIV Treatment Drugs has grown at a fast pace in the past decade. In the next decade, both production and demand will continue to grow. The Chinese economy maintains a high speed growth which has been stimulated by the consecutive increases of industrial output, import & export, consumer consumption and capital investment for over two decades. This new study examines China's economic trends, investment environment, industry development, supply and demand, industry capacity, industry structure, marketing channels and major industry participants. Historical data (2007, 2012 and 2017) and long-term forecasts through 2022 and 2027 are presented. Major producers in China are profiled. The primary and secondary research is done in China in order to access up-to-date government regulations, market information and industry data. Data were collected from the Chinese government publications, Chinese language newspapers and magazines, industry associations, local governments industry bureaus, industry publications, and our in-house databases. Interviews are conducted with Chinese industry experts, university professors, and producers in China. Economic models and quantitative methods are applied in this report to project market demand and industry trends. Metric system is used and values are presented in either Yuan (RMB, current price) and/or US dollars. Our market research reports provide hard-to-find market data and analyses. Today, China has the largest market in the world. Tremendous fast-growing markets for imports and business opportunities for companies around the world. If you want to expand your business or sell your products in China, our research reports provide the insights and projections into Chinese markets necessary for you to do so. To read the complete report, click the link below :  http://www.marketreportsonchina.com/life-sciences-market-research-reports-12224/hiv-treatment-drugs-china1.html Table of contents Introduction Report Scope and Methodology Executive Summary Business environment Economic Outlook Key Economic Indicators Industrial Output Population and Labor Foreign Investment Foreign Trade Financial and Tax Regulations Banking System and Regulations Foreign Exchange Taxes, Tariff and Custom Duties Contact UsMarket Reports on ChinaContact No: India: +91 22 27810773Email: info@marketreportsonchina.com Website:            http://www.marketreportsonchina.com Follow us on : Follow us on : Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google Plus Tags: HIV Treatment Drugs Market, HIV Treatment Drugs Market Analysis, HIV Treatment Drugs Market Forecast, HIV Treatment Drugs Market Outlook, HIV Treatment Drugs Market Report, HIV Treatment Drugs Market Research, HIV Treatment ... Continue reading HIV Treatment Drugs Markets in China 2018-2027Market Reports on China Provides the Trending Market Research Report on HIV Treatment Drugs Markets in China 2018-2027 under Life Sciences. The report offers a collection of superior market research, market analysis, competitive intelligence and industry reports.China's demand for HIV Treatment Drugs has grown at a fast pace in the past decade. In the next decade, both production and demand will continue to grow. The Chinese economy maintains a high speed growth which has been stimulated by the consecutive increases of industrial output, import & export, consumer consumption and capital investment for over two decades. This new study examines China's economic trends, investment environment, industry development, supply and demand, industry capacity, industry structure, marketing channels and major industry participants. Historical data (2007, 2012 and 2017) and long-term forecasts through 2022 and 2027 are presented. Major producers in China are profiled.The primary and secondary research is done in China in order to access up-to-date government regulations, market information and industry data. Data were collected from the Chinese government publications, Chinese language newspapers and magazines, industry associations, local governments industry bureaus, industry publications, and our in-house databases. Interviews are conducted with Chinese industry experts, university professors, and producers in China. Economic models and quantitative methods are applied in this report to project market demand and industry trends. Metric system is used and values are presented in either Yuan (RMB, current price) and/or US dollars.Our market research reports provide hard-to-find market data and analyses. Today, China has the largest market in the world. Tremendous fast-growing markets for imports and business opportunities for companies around the world. If you want to expand your business or sell your products in China, our research reports provide the insights and projections into Chinese markets necessary for you to do so.To read the complete report, click the link below : http://www.marketreportsonchina.com/life-sciences-market-research-reports-12224/hiv-treatment-drugs-china1.htmlTable of contents• IntroductionReport Scope and MethodologyExecutive Summary• Business environmentEconomic OutlookKey Economic IndicatorsIndustrial OutputPopulation and LaborForeign InvestmentForeign TradeFinancial and Tax RegulationsBanking System and RegulationsForeign ExchangeTaxes, Tariff and Custom DutiesContact UsMarket Reports on ChinaContact No: India: +91 22 27810773Email: info@marketreportsonchina.com Website: http://www.marketreportsonchina.comFollow us on : Follow us on : Twitter,            Facebook,            LinkedIn,            Google PlusTags: HIV Treatment Drugs Market,            HIV Treatment Drugs Market Analysis,            HIV Treatment Drugs Market Forecast,            HIV Treatment Drugs Market Outlook,            HIV Treatment Drugs Market Report,            HIV Treatment Drugs Market Research,            HIV Treatment Drugs Market Research ReportSee Campaign:            http://www.marketreportsonchina.com/Contact Information:91 22 27810773Tags:,            Wire,            Press Release,            Asia,            EnglishLoad-Date: January 16, 2019End of Document

ITI to Secretary Mnuchin: Build an International Coalition to Press China to Play by the Rules; Don't Impose TariffsTargeted News ServiceApril 9, 2018 Monday 8:01 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 822 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Information Technology Industry Council issued the following news release:In a letter to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, ITI CEO and President Dean Garfield called on the Trump Administration to build and lead an international coalition that can apply pressure on China to change its harmful trade practices, and negotiate a balanced and reciprocal trade relationship."Over the years, as China has ignored international norms, coordinated international pressure and the real threat of public embarrassment have made the difference," wrote Garfield."The Trump Administration is well positioned to both challenge China's behavior and hold them to account. We strongly encourage you and others in the administration to quickly mobilize a coalition of allies that will travel to China to negotiate a balanced, fair, and reciprocal trade relationship, including implementation timelines and accountability mechanisms."Read the letter here (https://www.itic.org/public-policy/040916ITILettertoSecretaryMnuchinonChinaTariffs.pdf) or below.April 9, 2018The Honorable Steven MnuchinSecretary of the Treasury1500 Pennsylvania Avenue NWWashington, DC 20220Dear Secretary Mnuchin,I am writing on behalf of over 60 of the world's most dynamic and innovative companies who are members of the Information Technology Industry Council (ITI), and who are also proud participants in an innovation ecosystem that employs over seven million Americans and is responsible for nearly seven percent of the nation's GDP. My purpose in writing is to lend our support to the administration's objective of redefining the relationship with China, raise our concern about the focus on tariffs, and to encourage a multilateral approach that includes immediate face-to-face meetings with the Chinese Government.China is one of America's most important bilateral relationships. As the world's two biggest economies, the range of interconnected interests are immense. It is hard to think of any product that does not include ideas or components that emanate from the United States and China. As such, China is not a country that our companies or the United States can walk away from.Unfortunately, China has abused the privilege of its membership in the World Trade Organization (WTO). China has promised open and fair trade, but has instead promulgated rules, regulations, and practices aimed at encumbering non-Chinese companies. This current approach cannot be sustained. Accordingly, we recognize the need to create a fair and reciprocal trade relationship with China.While we support the 301 Investigation process and believe the Office of the United States Trade Representative's (USTR) final 301 report was comprehensive and thoughtful, we cannot support the heavy focus on tariffs as a solution. Our opposition to tariffs is pragmatic. Tariffs do not work. From McKinley to Smoot-Hawley to recent tariffs on steel imports, tariffs have failed as a tool for opening markets. Instead, they increase costs for American consumers, harm the American economy, inhibit job growth, and are inevitably reversed because of the negative economic impacts and political fallout.Instead of tariffs, we strongly encourage the administration to build an international coalition that can challenge China at the WTO and beyond. Numerous countries share the United States' concerns about China and its unfair trade practices. The United States is uniquely well-situated to lead that coalition.We know first-hand that such international coalitions do work. Over the years, as China has ignored international norms, coordinated international pressure and the real threat of public embarrassment have made the difference. The Wireless Authentication and Privacy Infrastructure (WAPI) standard, Green Dam, and secure and controllable banking regulation are three recent examples. China has made many commitments over the years; however, a lack of vigilance in holding China accountable over the long-term - coupled with lengthy bilateral statements of commitments with no enforcement mechanism - has resulted in China reverting to unfair trade practices. The Trump Administration is well positioned to both challenge China's behavior and hold them to account.We strongly encourage you and others in the administration to quickly mobilize a coalition of allies that will travel to China to negotiate a balanced, fair, and reciprocal trade relationship, including implementation timelines and accountability mechanisms.It is time for the international community, led by the United States, to stand up and tell China that failure to adhere to international norms and obligations will no longer be tolerated. The time to initiate negotiations is now.Respectfully,Dean GarfieldPresident and CEOInformation Technology Industry Council (ITI)CC: United States Trade Representative Robert E. Lighthizer[Category: Computer Technology]Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6238302 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: April 10, 2018End of Document

NEWS RELEASES - ITI TO SECRETARY MNUCHIN: BUILD AN INTERNATIONAL COALITION TO PRESS CHINA TO PLAY BY THE RULES; DON'T IMPOSE TARIFFSStates News ServiceApril 9, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 792 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the Information Technology Industry Council:In a letter to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, ITI CEO and President Dean Garfield called on the Trump Administration to build and lead an international coalition that can apply pressure on China to change its harmful trade practices, and negotiate a balanced and reciprocal trade relationship.Over the years, as China has ignored international norms, coordinated international pressure and the real threat of public embarrassment have made the difference, wrote Garfield.The Trump Administration is well positioned to both challenge Chinas behavior and hold them to account. We strongly encourage you and others in the administration to quickly mobilize a coalition of allies that will travel to China to negotiate a balanced, fair, and reciprocal trade relationship, including implementation timelines and accountability mechanisms.Read the letter here or below.April 9, 2018The Honorable Steven MnuchinSecretary of the Treasury1500 Pennsylvania Avenue NWWashington, DC 20220Dear Secretary Mnuchin,I am writing on behalf of over 60 of the worlds most dynamic and innovative companies who are members of the Information Technology Industry Council (ITI), and who are also proud participants in an innovation ecosystem that employs over seven million Americans and is responsible for nearly seven percent of the nations GDP. My purpose in writing is to lend our support to the administrations objective of redefining the relationship with China, raise our concern about the focus on tariffs, and to encourage a multilateral approach that includes immediate face-to-face meetings with the Chinese Government.China is one of Americas most important bilateral relationships. As the worlds two biggest economies, the range of interconnected interests are immense. It is hard to think of any product that does not include ideas or components that emanate from the United States and China. As such, China is not a country that our companies or the United States can walk away from.Unfortunately, China has abused the privilege of its membership in the World Trade Organization (WTO). China has promised open and fair trade, but has instead promulgated rules, regulations, and practices aimed at encumbering non-Chinese companies. This current approach cannot be sustained. Accordingly, we recognize the need to create a fair and reciprocal trade relationship with China.While we support the 301 Investigation process and believe the Office of the United States Trade Representatives (USTR) final 301 report was comprehensive and thoughtful, we cannot support the heavy focus on tariffs as a solution. Our opposition to tariffs is pragmatic. Tariffs do not work. From McKinley to Smoot-Hawley to recent tariffs on steel imports, tariffs have failed as a tool for opening markets. Instead, they increase costs for American consumers, harm the American economy, inhibit job growth, and are inevitably reversed because of the negative economic impacts and political fallout.Instead of tariffs, we strongly encourage the administration to build an international coalition that can challenge China at the WTO and beyond. Numerous countries share the United States concerns about China and its unfair trade practices. The United States is uniquely well-situated to lead that coalition.We know first-hand that such international coalitions do work. Over the years, as China has ignored international norms, coordinated international pressure and the real threat of public embarrassment have made the difference. The Wireless Authentication and Privacy Infrastructure (WAPI) standard, Green Dam, and secure and controllable banking regulation are three recent examples. China has made many commitments over the years; however, a lack of vigilance in holding China accountable over the long-term coupled with lengthy bilateral statements of commitments with no enforcement mechanism has resulted in China reverting to unfair trade practices. The Trump Administration is well positioned to both challenge Chinas behavior and hold them to account.We strongly encourage you and others in the administration to quickly mobilize a coalition of allies that will travel to China to negotiate a balanced, fair, and reciprocal trade relationship, including implementation timelines and accountability mechanisms.It is time for the international community, led by the United States, to stand up and tell China that failure to adhere to international norms and obligations will no longer be tolerated. The time to initiate negotiations is now.Respectfully,Dean GarfieldPresident and CEOInformation Technology Industry Council (ITI)CC: United States Trade Representative Robert E. LighthizerLoad-Date: April 9, 2018End of Document

China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fishAssociated Press InternationalJune 16, 2018 Saturday 2:33 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 957 wordsByline: By JOE McDONALD, AP Business WriterDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - China fired back Saturday in a spiraling trade dispute with President Donald Trump by raising import duties on a $34 billion list of American goods including soybeans, electric cars and whiskey.The government said it was responding in "equal scale" to Trump's tariff hike on Chinese goods in a conflict over Beijing's trade surplus and technology policy that companies worry could quickly escalate and chill global economic growth.China "doesn't want a trade war" but has to "fight back strongly," said a Commerce Ministry statement. It said Beijing also was scrapping agreements to narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States by purchasing more American farm goods, natural gas and other products.The United States and China have the world's biggest trading relationship but official ties are increasingly strained over complaints Beijing's industry development tactics violate its free-trade pledges and hurt American companies. Europe, Japan and other trading partners raise similar complaints, but Trump has been unusually direct about challenging Beijing and threatening to disrupt such a large volume of exports."In this trade war, it's the U.S. who is playing the role of provocateur, while China plays defense," said the Global Times, a newspaper published by the ruling Communist Party. "China is a powerful guardian and has enough ammunition to defend existing trade rules and fairness."Beijing will impose an additional 25 percent tariff starting July 6 on 545 products from the United States including soybeans, electric cars, orange juice, whiskey, lobsters, salmon and cigars, according to the Ministry of Finance.Most are food and other farm goods, hitting Trump's rural supporters hardest.Beijing appeared to be trying to minimize the impact on its own economy by picking U.S. products that can be replaced by imports from other suppliers such as Brazil or Australia.Chinese regulators also are considering a tariff hike on an additional 114 products including medical equipment and energy products, the Finance Ministry said. It said a decision would be announced later.That mirrored the Trump administration's announcement Friday of a tariff hike on $34 billion of Chinese goods, also due to take effect July 6, and plans to consider widening it to an additional $16 billion of other products.China's heavily regulated economy also gives the ruling Communist Party additional options for retaliation by withholding approval for business activity.Anti-monopoly regulators are believed to have delayed announcing a decision on U.S. tech giant Qualcomm's proposed acquisition of semiconductor maker NXP in part due to the tariff conflict. Other companies say the approval process for licenses has slowed down."China's retaliation will remain calibrated and largely reciprocal, with President Xi Jinping ready to counter any move by Trump," said Eurasia Group in a report. "Beijing has a freer hand for informal retaliation, which will now start to increase."The American Chamber of Commerce had appealed to Washington to avoid a tariff hike but said Trump's threat has prompted Beijing to engage in more intensive negotiations than it had in recent years.Companies also are watching the fate of ZTE Corp., a Chinese maker of telecoms gear that ran afoul of U.S. regulators after it violated restrictions on exports of American technology to Iran and North Korea.Washington rescinded a ban on sales of U.S. technology to ZTE after the company agreed to pay a $1 billion fine and hire American-picked compliance managers. The agreement allows Washington to impose an additional $400 million fine or other penalties if ZTE violates the deal.Trump is pressing Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the United States and roll back its plans for state-led development of Chinese global competitors in technology fields including electric cars, renewable energy, artificial intelligence and biotech.The U.S., Europe, Japan and other trading partners complain Beijing's tactics including outright theft of foreign technology and subsidies and protection from competition for fledgling Chinese industries. They say those violate Chinese market-opening commitments under the World Trade Organization.Tensions eased temporarily after Chinese negotiators agreed at talks in Washington in May to buy more American farm goods, natural gas and other products. American officials said they would suspend threatened tariff increases on up to $150 billion of Chinese goods.The dispute revived after the White House renewed its plan for a tariff hike on $50 billion of Chinese goods as part of the technology dispute. The Chinese government warned after another round of talks June 3 that it would discard those deals if the tariffs went ahead.Businesspeople and economists say Chinese leaders are less likely to compromise on technology. They view plans for state-led development of companies capable of competing globally in fields including electric cars, renewable energy and biotech as a route to prosperity and to restore China to its rightful role as a world leader."There isn't one country who would give up their rights to advance technology and make industrial upgrades," said the Global Times editorial.Beijing also has announced plans to cut import duties on autos and some consumer goods and to ease limits on foreign ownership in auto manufacturing, insurance and some other industries, though those don't directly address U.S. complaints.On Thursday, a Commerce Ministry spokesman said some exporters were rushing to fill orders due to concern trade conditions might change, but said they were "not the mainstream."___Online:Ministry of Finance of China (in Chinese): http://gss.mof.gov.cnLoad-Date: June 16, 2018End of Document

China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fishAssociated Press Financial WireJune 16, 2018 Saturday 9:49 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 957 wordsByline: By JOE McDONALD, AP Business WriterDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - China fired back Saturday in a spiraling trade dispute with President Donald Trump by raising import duties on a $34 billion list of American goods including soybeans, electric cars and whiskey.The government said it was responding in "equal scale" to Trump's tariff hike on Chinese goods in a conflict over Beijing's trade surplus and technology policy that companies worry could quickly escalate and chill global economic growth.China "doesn't want a trade war" but has to "fight back strongly," said a Commerce Ministry statement. It said Beijing also was scrapping agreements to narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States by purchasing more American farm goods, natural gas and other products.The United States and China have the world's biggest trading relationship but official ties are increasingly strained over complaints Beijing's industry development tactics violate its free-trade pledges and hurt American companies. Europe, Japan and other trading partners raise similar complaints, but Trump has been unusually direct about challenging Beijing and threatening to disrupt such a large volume of exports."In this trade war, it's the U.S. who is playing the role of provocateur, while China plays defense," said the Global Times, a newspaper published by the ruling Communist Party. "China is a powerful guardian and has enough ammunition to defend existing trade rules and fairness."Beijing will impose an additional 25 percent tariff starting July 6 on 545 products from the United States including soybeans, electric cars, orange juice, whiskey, lobsters, salmon and cigars, according to the Ministry of Finance.Most are food and other farm goods, hitting Trump's rural supporters hardest.Beijing appeared to be trying to minimize the impact on its own economy by picking U.S. products that can be replaced by imports from other suppliers such as Brazil or Australia.Chinese regulators also are considering a tariff hike on an additional 114 products including medical equipment and energy products, the Finance Ministry said. It said a decision would be announced later.That mirrored the Trump administration's announcement Friday of a tariff hike on $34 billion of Chinese goods, also due to take effect July 6, and plans to consider widening it to an additional $16 billion of other products.China's heavily regulated economy also gives the ruling Communist Party additional options for retaliation by withholding approval for business activity.Anti-monopoly regulators are believed to have delayed announcing a decision on U.S. tech giant Qualcomm's proposed acquisition of semiconductor maker NXP in part due to the tariff conflict. Other companies say the approval process for licenses has slowed down."China's retaliation will remain calibrated and largely reciprocal, with President Xi Jinping ready to counter any move by Trump," said Eurasia Group in a report. "Beijing has a freer hand for informal retaliation, which will now start to increase."The American Chamber of Commerce had appealed to Washington to avoid a tariff hike but said Trump's threat has prompted Beijing to engage in more intensive negotiations than it had in recent years.Companies also are watching the fate of ZTE Corp., a Chinese maker of telecoms gear that ran afoul of U.S. regulators after it violated restrictions on exports of American technology to Iran and North Korea.Washington rescinded a ban on sales of U.S. technology to ZTE after the company agreed to pay a $1 billion fine and hire American-picked compliance managers. The agreement allows Washington to impose an additional $400 million fine or other penalties if ZTE violates the deal.Trump is pressing Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the United States and roll back its plans for state-led development of Chinese global competitors in technology fields including electric cars, renewable energy, artificial intelligence and biotech.The U.S., Europe, Japan and other trading partners complain Beijing's tactics including outright theft of foreign technology and subsidies and protection from competition for fledgling Chinese industries. They say those violate Chinese market-opening commitments under the World Trade Organization.Tensions eased temporarily after Chinese negotiators agreed at talks in Washington in May to buy more American farm goods, natural gas and other products. American officials said they would suspend threatened tariff increases on up to $150 billion of Chinese goods.The dispute revived after the White House renewed its plan for a tariff hike on $50 billion of Chinese goods as part of the technology dispute. The Chinese government warned after another round of talks June 3 that it would discard those deals if the tariffs went ahead.Businesspeople and economists say Chinese leaders are less likely to compromise on technology. They view plans for state-led development of companies capable of competing globally in fields including electric cars, renewable energy and biotech as a route to prosperity and to restore China to its rightful role as a world leader."There isn't one country who would give up their rights to advance technology and make industrial upgrades," said the Global Times editorial.Beijing also has announced plans to cut import duties on autos and some consumer goods and to ease limits on foreign ownership in auto manufacturing, insurance and some other industries, though those don't directly address U.S. complaints.On Thursday, a Commerce Ministry spokesman said some exporters were rushing to fill orders due to concern trade conditions might change, but said they were "not the mainstream."___Online:Ministry of Finance of China (in Chinese): http://gss.mof.gov.cnLoad-Date: June 17, 2018End of Document

China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fishAssociated Press InternationalJune 16, 2018 Saturday 9:49 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 957 wordsByline: By JOE McDONALD, AP Business WriterDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - China fired back Saturday in a spiraling trade dispute with President Donald Trump by raising import duties on a $34 billion list of American goods including soybeans, electric cars and whiskey.The government said it was responding in "equal scale" to Trump's tariff hike on Chinese goods in a conflict over Beijing's trade surplus and technology policy that companies worry could quickly escalate and chill global economic growth.China "doesn't want a trade war" but has to "fight back strongly," said a Commerce Ministry statement. It said Beijing also was scrapping agreements to narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States by purchasing more American farm goods, natural gas and other products.The United States and China have the world's biggest trading relationship but official ties are increasingly strained over complaints Beijing's industry development tactics violate its free-trade pledges and hurt American companies. Europe, Japan and other trading partners raise similar complaints, but Trump has been unusually direct about challenging Beijing and threatening to disrupt such a large volume of exports."In this trade war, it's the U.S. who is playing the role of provocateur, while China plays defense," said the Global Times, a newspaper published by the ruling Communist Party. "China is a powerful guardian and has enough ammunition to defend existing trade rules and fairness."Beijing will impose an additional 25 percent tariff starting July 6 on 545 products from the United States including soybeans, electric cars, orange juice, whiskey, lobsters, salmon and cigars, according to the Ministry of Finance.Most are food and other farm goods, hitting Trump's rural supporters hardest.Beijing appeared to be trying to minimize the impact on its own economy by picking U.S. products that can be replaced by imports from other suppliers such as Brazil or Australia.Chinese regulators also are considering a tariff hike on an additional 114 products including medical equipment and energy products, the Finance Ministry said. It said a decision would be announced later.That mirrored the Trump administration's announcement Friday of a tariff hike on $34 billion of Chinese goods, also due to take effect July 6, and plans to consider widening it to an additional $16 billion of other products.China's heavily regulated economy also gives the ruling Communist Party additional options for retaliation by withholding approval for business activity.Anti-monopoly regulators are believed to have delayed announcing a decision on U.S. tech giant Qualcomm's proposed acquisition of semiconductor maker NXP in part due to the tariff conflict. Other companies say the approval process for licenses has slowed down."China's retaliation will remain calibrated and largely reciprocal, with President Xi Jinping ready to counter any move by Trump," said Eurasia Group in a report. "Beijing has a freer hand for informal retaliation, which will now start to increase."The American Chamber of Commerce had appealed to Washington to avoid a tariff hike but said Trump's threat has prompted Beijing to engage in more intensive negotiations than it had in recent years.Companies also are watching the fate of ZTE Corp., a Chinese maker of telecoms gear that ran afoul of U.S. regulators after it violated restrictions on exports of American technology to Iran and North Korea.Washington rescinded a ban on sales of U.S. technology to ZTE after the company agreed to pay a $1 billion fine and hire American-picked compliance managers. The agreement allows Washington to impose an additional $400 million fine or other penalties if ZTE violates the deal.Trump is pressing Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the United States and roll back its plans for state-led development of Chinese global competitors in technology fields including electric cars, renewable energy, artificial intelligence and biotech.The U.S., Europe, Japan and other trading partners complain Beijing's tactics including outright theft of foreign technology and subsidies and protection from competition for fledgling Chinese industries. They say those violate Chinese market-opening commitments under the World Trade Organization.Tensions eased temporarily after Chinese negotiators agreed at talks in Washington in May to buy more American farm goods, natural gas and other products. American officials said they would suspend threatened tariff increases on up to $150 billion of Chinese goods.The dispute revived after the White House renewed its plan for a tariff hike on $50 billion of Chinese goods as part of the technology dispute. The Chinese government warned after another round of talks June 3 that it would discard those deals if the tariffs went ahead.Businesspeople and economists say Chinese leaders are less likely to compromise on technology. They view plans for state-led development of companies capable of competing globally in fields including electric cars, renewable energy and biotech as a route to prosperity and to restore China to its rightful role as a world leader."There isn't one country who would give up their rights to advance technology and make industrial upgrades," said the Global Times editorial.Beijing also has announced plans to cut import duties on autos and some consumer goods and to ease limits on foreign ownership in auto manufacturing, insurance and some other industries, though those don't directly address U.S. complaints.On Thursday, a Commerce Ministry spokesman said some exporters were rushing to fill orders due to concern trade conditions might change, but said they were "not the mainstream."___Online:Ministry of Finance of China (in Chinese): http://gss.mof.gov.cnLoad-Date: June 17, 2018End of Document

China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fishAssociated Press Financial WireJune 16, 2018 Saturday 2:33 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 957 wordsByline: By JOE McDONALD, AP Business WriterDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - China fired back Saturday in a spiraling trade dispute with President Donald Trump by raising import duties on a $34 billion list of American goods including soybeans, electric cars and whiskey.The government said it was responding in "equal scale" to Trump's tariff hike on Chinese goods in a conflict over Beijing's trade surplus and technology policy that companies worry could quickly escalate and chill global economic growth.China "doesn't want a trade war" but has to "fight back strongly," said a Commerce Ministry statement. It said Beijing also was scrapping agreements to narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States by purchasing more American farm goods, natural gas and other products.The United States and China have the world's biggest trading relationship but official ties are increasingly strained over complaints Beijing's industry development tactics violate its free-trade pledges and hurt American companies. Europe, Japan and other trading partners raise similar complaints, but Trump has been unusually direct about challenging Beijing and threatening to disrupt such a large volume of exports."In this trade war, it's the U.S. who is playing the role of provocateur, while China plays defense," said the Global Times, a newspaper published by the ruling Communist Party. "China is a powerful guardian and has enough ammunition to defend existing trade rules and fairness."Beijing will impose an additional 25 percent tariff starting July 6 on 545 products from the United States including soybeans, electric cars, orange juice, whiskey, lobsters, salmon and cigars, according to the Ministry of Finance.Most are food and other farm goods, hitting Trump's rural supporters hardest.Beijing appeared to be trying to minimize the impact on its own economy by picking U.S. products that can be replaced by imports from other suppliers such as Brazil or Australia.Chinese regulators also are considering a tariff hike on an additional 114 products including medical equipment and energy products, the Finance Ministry said. It said a decision would be announced later.That mirrored the Trump administration's announcement Friday of a tariff hike on $34 billion of Chinese goods, also due to take effect July 6, and plans to consider widening it to an additional $16 billion of other products.China's heavily regulated economy also gives the ruling Communist Party additional options for retaliation by withholding approval for business activity.Anti-monopoly regulators are believed to have delayed announcing a decision on U.S. tech giant Qualcomm's proposed acquisition of semiconductor maker NXP in part due to the tariff conflict. Other companies say the approval process for licenses has slowed down."China's retaliation will remain calibrated and largely reciprocal, with President Xi Jinping ready to counter any move by Trump," said Eurasia Group in a report. "Beijing has a freer hand for informal retaliation, which will now start to increase."The American Chamber of Commerce had appealed to Washington to avoid a tariff hike but said Trump's threat has prompted Beijing to engage in more intensive negotiations than it had in recent years.Companies also are watching the fate of ZTE Corp., a Chinese maker of telecoms gear that ran afoul of U.S. regulators after it violated restrictions on exports of American technology to Iran and North Korea.Washington rescinded a ban on sales of U.S. technology to ZTE after the company agreed to pay a $1 billion fine and hire American-picked compliance managers. The agreement allows Washington to impose an additional $400 million fine or other penalties if ZTE violates the deal.Trump is pressing Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the United States and roll back its plans for state-led development of Chinese global competitors in technology fields including electric cars, renewable energy, artificial intelligence and biotech.The U.S., Europe, Japan and other trading partners complain Beijing's tactics including outright theft of foreign technology and subsidies and protection from competition for fledgling Chinese industries. They say those violate Chinese market-opening commitments under the World Trade Organization.Tensions eased temporarily after Chinese negotiators agreed at talks in Washington in May to buy more American farm goods, natural gas and other products. American officials said they would suspend threatened tariff increases on up to $150 billion of Chinese goods.The dispute revived after the White House renewed its plan for a tariff hike on $50 billion of Chinese goods as part of the technology dispute. The Chinese government warned after another round of talks June 3 that it would discard those deals if the tariffs went ahead.Businesspeople and economists say Chinese leaders are less likely to compromise on technology. They view plans for state-led development of companies capable of competing globally in fields including electric cars, renewable energy and biotech as a route to prosperity and to restore China to its rightful role as a world leader."There isn't one country who would give up their rights to advance technology and make industrial upgrades," said the Global Times editorial.Beijing also has announced plans to cut import duties on autos and some consumer goods and to ease limits on foreign ownership in auto manufacturing, insurance and some other industries, though those don't directly address U.S. complaints.On Thursday, a Commerce Ministry spokesman said some exporters were rushing to fill orders due to concern trade conditions might change, but said they were "not the mainstream."___Online:Ministry of Finance of China (in Chinese): http://gss.mof.gov.cnLoad-Date: June 16, 2018End of Document

White House slams China's 'Orwellian' demand that 36 foreign airlines change references to TaiwanBusiness Insider USMay 5, 2018 Saturday 08:41 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1060 wordsByline: feedback@businessinsider.com,  (Tara Francis Chan)Highlight: China's aviation authority sent letters to foreign air carriers, including American Airlines and Qantas, pressuring them to remove all descriptions of Taiwan as a country. China censured Delta Air Lines over the same issue earlier this year. The US State Department is now involved in the matter.Body• The White House has denounced demands from China that 36 foreign airlines change references to Taiwan as "Orwellian nonsense."• It was reported this week that China's aviation authority sent a letter to US and international airlines, including American Airlines and Qantas, pressuring them to remove all descriptions of Taiwan as a country.• Taiwan is a democratic, self-ruled island that Beijing considers a province of China and goes to great lengths to assert its claim over on the global stage.• Earlier this year, China censured Delta Air Lines for a similar description of Taiwan and ordered all foreign airlines to review their sites leading to a number of changes and apologies from air carriers.The White House on Saturday slammed China's demand that 36 foreign airlines change how they reference Taiwan as "Orwellian nonsense."As first reported by Foreign Policy this week and            confirmed by Business Insider, a number of airlines received a letter on April 25 from China's Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) demanding changes to Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau as countries on their websites and marketing materials. American Airlines and Qantas both told Business Insider they had received the letter.In a statement released on Saturday, the White House deemed this action "Chinese political correctness.""This is Orwellian nonsense and part of a growing trend by the Chinese Communist Party to impose its political views on American citizens and private companies," Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in the statement."The United States strongly objects to China's attempts to compel private firms to use specific language of a political nature in their publicly available content," the statement read.While Hong Kong and Macau are Special Administrative Regions of China, Taiwan is a democratic, self-ruled island. But it is one that China holds a claim to.Under the "One China" policy, Beijing considers Taiwan to be a province of China, one that will eventually be fully reunified - by force, if necessary. China is adamant about this and frequently seeks to assert its claim to Taiwan on the global stage which the US appears to be pushing back on."We call on China to stop threatening and coercing American carriers and citizens," the press secretary's statement read. "China's internal Internet repression is world-famous. China's efforts to export its censorship and political correctness to Americans and the rest of the free world will be resisted."The US State Department previously told Business Insider this week it had raised "strong concerns" with Chinese authorities in Beijing and "will consider taking appropriate action if necessary in response to unfair Chinese actions."China successfully censured Delta Air Lines and other US companies months agoEarlier this year, Delta Air Lines was censured by China's CAA for listing both Taiwan and Tibet as countries on its website. The agency demanded an "immediate and public apology," and the airline responded by saying it had made a "grave mistake" and altered the title of its destination listings from "Country" to "Country/Region."After that incident, China ordered all foreign airlines to review their websites and            reportedly called in representatives from 25 air carriers to demand they remove references to Taiwan as a country.Lufthansa since changed its website to show Taiwan as a province of China while            British Airways repeatedly changed its site back and forth.            Qantas found an"oversight" that listed some Chinese territories as countries and told Business Insider at the time they were "correcting this error," but the company did not respond to questions this week as to whether this correction was ever made or if the correction was reversed.Dozens of airlines still list Taiwan as its own country but most recipients of the April letter remain unknown to the public, and a number of international airlines did not respond to questions sent by Business Insider this week.But airlines aren't the only foreign companies the Chinese government has tried to exert its influence over. The hotel chain Marriott was forced to shut down the Chinese version of its website for a week and fast-fashion retailer Zara was ordered to complete a "self-inspection" and turn in a rectification report when the companies' websites listed certain areas as countries earlier this year.Here's the White House's statement in full:President Donald J. Trump ran against political correctness in the United States. He will stand up for Americans resisting efforts by the Chinese Communist Party to impose Chinese political correctness on American companies and citizens. On April 25, the Chinese Civil Aviation Administration sent a letter to 36 foreign air carriers, including a number of American carriers. This notice demanded that carriers change how "Taiwan," "Hong Kong," and "Macao" are identified on their websites and in their promotional material so that the references fall in line with the Communist Party's standards.This is Orwellian nonsense and part of a growing trend by the Chinese Communist Party to impose its political views on American citizens and private companies. China's internal Internet repression is world-famous.  China's efforts to export its censorship and political correctness to Americans and the rest of the free world will be resisted. The United States respects the broad freedom private companies have in their interactions with their customers, both in the United States and abroad. This respect is essential for a robust global marketplace.   The United States strongly objects to China's attempts to compel private firms to use specific language of a political nature in their publicly available content. We call on China to stop threatening and coercing American carriers and citizens.NOW WATCH: What Trump University was really like - according to a former professorSee Also:• China is pressuring international airlines to copy its political views• Melania Trump could end up being a key figure in the case against embattled Trump lawyer Michael Cohen• Why the White House may favor Singapore as the venue for Trump's meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong UnSEE ALSO: China wants to dictate how foreign airlines refer to Taiwan and the US is having none of it - this is how every major airline is respondingLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

CHINA BANS ONLINE BIBLE SALESStates News ServiceApril 17, 2018 TuesdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 434 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the Voice of America (VOA):Communist government of China has intensified its crackdown on Christian communities as the number of converts continues to riseThe Communist government of China has intensified its crackdown on Christian communities as the number of converts continues to rise. Most recently, Chinese authorities have begun to implement a ban on online sales of the Bible. Bibles can only be purchased legally in state-approved Christian bookstores.This comes after the government's recent decision to reassign the management of religious affairs, for decades run by a government department, to the Chinese Communist Party, which will be implementing new regulations that penalize all unregistered religious activities.Speaking to The Sun, a Christian Solidarity Worldwide spokesperson expressed concern over the increased persecution against Christians in China, saying "The ban [on selling Bibles online] is deeply concerning and part of a wider pattern of violations of the right to freedom of religion or belief in China, which includes unregistered 'house churches.'"The government has also been conducting an ongoing campaign to destroy houses of worship, including Protestant and Catholic churches, institutes of Tibetan Buddhism, and mosques. For example, in January, Chinese authorities in Shanxi province used dynamite and excavators to destroy the "Golden Lampstand Church," an unregistered Protestant church with approximately 50,000 congregants.Chinese authorities have detained, tortured, prosecuted, and convicted religious leaders from a range of faith communities around the country. Some have died while in custody.The United States has condemned China for its ongoing repression of religious freedom. In December, the State Department re-designated China along with nine other states as Countries of Particular Concern for having engaged in, or tolerated, particularly severe violations of religious freedom.The U.S. Department of State's, Ambassador-at-Large for Religious Freedom, Sam Brownback, stated "I am deeply concerned by the Chinese government's tightening restrictions on religious practice.On March 30, which was Good Friday, the government began enforcing a longstanding prohibition on the sale of Bibles online, and retailers who do not comply may face punishment. This decision and other actions by the Chinese government to prevent members of religious communities from practicing freely are unacceptable. I will be engaging the Chinese government directly on these issues to urge them to reverse course immediately."Load-Date: April 18, 2018End of Document

Senate Finance Subcommittee Issues Testimony From Coalition of Services IndustriesTargeted News ServiceApril 11, 2018 Wednesday 8:25 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 3746 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Senate Finance subcommittee on International Trade, Customs and Global Competitiveness issued the following testimony by Christine Bliss, president of the Coalition of Services Industries, at a hearing to examine market access challenges in China:"Chairman Cornyn, Ranking Member Casey, members of the subcommittee--thank you for the opportunity to present the views of the Coalition of Services Industries (CSI) on market access issues in China."For more than three decades, CSI has been the leading industry association devoted exclusively to promoting the international objectives of U.S. services companies and associations. Our members include the vast array of U.S. companies that provide services and digitally enabled services--domestically and internationally--including information and communication technology (ICT) services, financial services, express delivery and logistics, media and entertainment, and distribution and professional services."The services sector is a bedrock of the U.S. economy. Services account for about 75% percent of U.S. private sector jobs, $730.6 billion in U.S. exports, and nearly 80 percent of U.S. gross domestic product (GDP). Services, including digitally enabled services, are a part of and enable every single sector of the U.S. economy. Moreover, ICT services drive U.S. productivity overall. Services allow all businesses to be more productive, reach more customers in more foreign markets, and ultimately, support a better livelihood through higher wages and greater opportunities.Current State of Play in China"China was the second largest services export market for U.S. services providers in 2017, with $56 billion in U.S. services exports, and a $38 billion services trade surplus.1 From 1999 to 2007, the United States maintained a services trade surplus with China of around $1 billion. Since then, U.S. services exports have more than quadrupled, resulting in the growth of the U.S. services trade surplus with China from $1.3 billion in 2007 to $38 billion in 2017.2 This growth over the last decade in U.S. services exports to China, along with the bilateral services trade surplus with China, exceeds the growth in U.S. services exports to other nations (54 percent), and exceeds the increase in the global U.S. services trade surplus (which has risen by 115 percent).3 China has thus become one of the fastest growing markets for U.S. services."The financial services sector has been an area of great strength for U.S. services providers. Over the last decade, the United States has increased its financial services exports to China by 347 percent, totaling over $3 billion in 2015.4 This growth rate is the second highest among all U.S. trade partners and nearly triple the average global financial services export growth rate.5"Despite the growth of U.S. financial services exports and China's stated intent to provide greater services market access, significant market access barriers remain, including existing and proposed discriminatory regulations in areas such as restrictions on data flows, information technologies, equity cap limitations, licensing restrictions, and outright bans on foreign investment."Thank you to the members of the Senate Committee on Finance--including Senators Cornyn, Scott, Heller, Crapo, Portman, Cassidy, Isakson, and Thune--among other Senators, for your leadership on these issues. Your September 2017 letter to the Administration regarding trade and investment barriers that harm U.S. financial services institutions and their ability to grow the American economy outlined many of our issues. We appreciate your leadership on these and other trade issues."China has long insisted that it is an open market with clear rules. Unfortunately, this position does not match reality. While China continues to increase its investments abroad and engage in more trade with its partners, U.S. firms have an increasingly difficult time competing on a fair playing field in China. U.S. firms have considerable experience that could prove beneficial to China as its economy develops further, but this requires that U.S. companies have non-discriminatory access to the Chinese market. China's current short-sighted approach means that China risks losing the significant benefits and expertise of U.S. services firms.China's Treatment of Data and Technology"The free flow of data across borders is critical in every business sector as it is necessary for businesses to operate globally in an efficient and secure manner. In addition to the free flow of data, businesses also need ICT services, platforms, and other infrastructure to provide their services, which are increasingly digitally enabled."The free flow of data means that companies can integrate staff around the world, maintain their customer networks as well as their supply chains, and ultimately build their competitiveness. For instance, financial services companies rely on the ability to transfer data quickly and easily across the globe to provide better service to their clients at lower cost. This means that consumers can access their accounts from any location, whether they are performing a simple bank transfer or more complex transactions. Further, cross-border data flows increase access to capital for start-ups and allow small businesses, through digital marketplaces, to tap into foreign markets and receive payments from customers."Over the last decade, China has taken wide-ranging steps to restrict data flows, including through requirements to localize data and servers in China. Because of the widespread use of and reliance on customer data by many services firms, these practices have significant impacts, including in insurance, banking, and cloud computing, among other areas.6 These data-restrictive policies impede the ability of U.S. services firms to supply cross-border services and to make investments in China. The inability to operate cross-border, the loss of efficiency, the increase in costs, and other impediments reduce U.S. competitiveness. The Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) has recently raised concerns at the World Trade Organization (WTO) over China's recent restrictions on cross-border data services (including Virtual Private Networks or VPNs), and the types of companies able to offer those services. The restrictions impact the availability of services and suppliers for important business communication services in China. There have also been reports of China blocking VPNs used by foreign businesses in China."Moreover, as noted in the letter to China's Cybersecurity Administration signed by a global coalition of industry associations, including CSI, China's Cyber Security Law (CSL), along with other current and proposed regulations, has the potential to create additional, discriminatory barriers and impose significant compliance burdens for suppliers of a wide number of services due to the CSL's broad and vaguely defined scope. Particularly concerning is China's proposed requirement that all Chinese personal data must be stored domestically. The CSL also potentially subjects U.S. companies to security reviews. This includes the proposed requirements to review companies' proprietary source code and allow the government to review and approve encryption measures. China is still developing implementing regulations nine months after the law has gone into effect, creating a great deal of uncertainty around the obligations around different kinds of data. Specifically, measures regarding the cross-border transfer of data and the scope of Critical Information Infrastructure were written quite broadly and contain the strictest requirements around localized storage of data and cross-border transfer."China restricts foreign firms from providing cloud services directly in China and imposes numerous discriminatory restrictions. In addition, new draft regulations, if implemented, combined with existing Chinese laws, would force U.S. cloud service providers to hand over operation and control of their business to a Chinese company in order to operate in China, and also transfer valuable U.S. intellectual property and use of their brand names. These proposed regulations are of concern both to U.S. cloud service providers as well as the many services and other U.S. sectors that rely on cloud services to operate in China."To address this, the United States should secure China's commitment that it will allow U.S. cloud service providers to obtain and hold all necessary licenses for the operation and provision of cloud services in China, including those related to software, hardware, facilities, and infrastructure; allow foreign investment in Chinese companies established to provide cloud services in China; and allow U.S. cloud service providers to sign contracts for the provision of cloud services in China and use their trademarks and brands to market their cloud services. China should also allow U.S. cloud service providers to procure telecommunication services (including bandwidth) for the provision of cloud services on the same terms available to Chinese companies."China's regulation of cloud services flows from its decision to classify cloud services as a telecommunications service, which, based on China's rules, restricts foreign providers to a maximum 50 percent equity limit. A similar approach has been taken with other services not typically regulated as telecom services, such as content delivery networks and internet platforms. China's approach is inconsistent with the global approach that does not regulate or restrict foreign participation in these types of services. China should loosen these policies to increase market access for US providers of these and other types of communications services."China has cited concerns over national security as the justification for many of these restrictions, but in September 2015 and June 2016, China committed to the United States that measures it has taken to enhance cybersecurity in commercial sectors would be non-discriminatory and would not impose nationality-based conditions or restrictions. These restrictions are in direct contradiction of commitments and commitments China has made to open up its market."China imposes other severe restrictions in ICT services as well. It fails to provide non-discriminatory market access for a broad range of online services--requiring joint venture partners for online services and then failing to issue approvals for those joint ventures. It fails to allow U.S. companies to provide video and music services on a cross-border basis. And more broadly, China completely blocks a wide range of legitimate US websites and services, as USTR has highlighted in its recent National Trade Estimate report.Insurance Markets in China"U.S. access to China's insurance and retirement securities markets remains difficult because of restrictive Chinese measures. Foreign insurers have less than a 5 percent cumulative market share in what is the third-largest insurance and pensions market in the world.7 Given the size and future growth of China's insurance markets, and the relatively small market share of foreign firms, the economic opportunity for foreign insurers, absent the discriminatory equity cap and prohibition on U.S. companies in the enterprise annuities sector (China's 401k), is exponential and would deliver significant commercial benefits to U.S. industry. Profits generated from overseas operations would help fund long-term infrastructure investments in the United States, create jobs, and support high-paying service jobs."Current Chinese regulation places a 50 percent cap on foreign equity in life, health, and pension companies, a restriction that has been in place since China's accession to the WTO in 2001. Removing this equity cap has been a top priority for the U.S. financial services industry for over a decade. At the end of 2017, China announced it would allow 51 percent foreign ownership in Chinese life-insurance companies in three years and lift that restriction entirely in five years. This is a welcome development and strong signal of liberalization from China, though follow-through and implementation are of utmost importance to ensure the equity cap is lifted in an effective manner. Liberalization in the life insurance sector would benefit Chinese consumers who need greater access to insurance and more stable protection and investment options in light of China's recent market volatility."China has made some progress in liberalizing the non-life insurance sector. In 2013, China removed all restrictions on foreign non-life insurers. In January 2017, China's State Council issued the "Circular on Several Measures to Expand the Opening-up and Actively Utilize Foreign Investment," which committed to lower entry restrictions on foreign investment in several services sectors, including insurance, banking, and securities.8 But, further action is needed."The elimination of the equity cap aligns well with China's domestic policy goals and economic reform agenda, which emphasizes the need to grow the services sector, deepen financial inclusion, and enhance the participation of foreign financial services firms in China. Liberalization in the life insurance sector would benefit Chinese consumers who need greater access to insurance and more stable protection and investment options in light of China's recent market volatility."China has not yet authorized any U.S. investment in the enterprise annuities industry, which is China's 401k industry. In addition to equity restrictions in China, there is a 33 percent cap in the securities sector. There is also a recent proposal for new regulations to restrict domestic shareholding in foreign-invested insurance companies (both life and property casualty), which will diminish the value of existing investments. The United States should seek confirmation from China's insurance regulator that the existing "Foreign-Invested Measures" will continue to govern, with respect to foreign equity and all other issues involving insurers, with at least 25 percent foreign investment. It should also seek confirmation that the proposed regulations will not be applied retroactively to foreign-invested insurance companies."China has made several commitments on insurance at the WTO. This includes allowing 100 percent foreign equity in property insurance and reinsurance, as well as prohibitions on creating conditions of ownership for existing foreign suppliers of insurance services that are more restrictive than they were on the date of China's accession to the WTO. Both commitments are formalized in the 2004 "Detailed Rules on the Measures for the Administration of Foreign-Invested Insurance Companies.""However, questions remain on how well these commitments have been followed. In short, explicit and implicit barriers in China's insurance sector mean that U.S. firms are unable to fully tap into this critical market. Banking and Securities Barriers"China has exercised great caution in opening its banking sector to the United States. In particular, China has imposed capital requirements and other rules that that have made it more difficult for foreign banks to establish and expand their market presence in China. It is then unsurprising that foreign banks' collective market share in 2013 was below 2 percent.9"U.S. banks, securities, and other bodies are unable to compete on an equal footing with domestic institutions. U.S. banks are subject to a 20 percent investment ceiling (for single foreign shareholders) and a 25 percent investment limit (for multiple foreign shareholders) in local Chinese banks. Further, once a foreign-funded business in the banking sector is established, it is limited in its activity for two years. Following this waiting period, a business can expand the scope of the business, assuming it has met certain conditions, which includes holding over $10 billion in total assets.10 There are also other restrictive regulations, including stipulations that foreign banks in China must work through branches, as opposed to subsidiaries. These restrictions have legal and economic impacts."Equity caps on foreign ownership of securities joint ventures have not been lifted in China since 2012, and remain at 49 percent, despite the commitment to "gradually raise" the equity caps from the 2016 Strategic & Economic Dialogue (S&ED).11 China has announced it will allow foreign companies to hold 51 percent of domestic securities firms, up from 49 percent, with the plan for the 51 percent cap to be removed three years after the new limit takes effect. Again, a welcome development that requires proper implementation. Following through on this commitment to ensure that a foreign firm can establish a wholly-owned company in its market is a bedrock free market principle that the U.S. and a significant number of other countries committed themselves to many years ago. It is time for China to make the same positive step by allowing U.S. securities firms to establish wholly-owned subsidiaries without subjecting them to additional requirements that would hamper those subsidiaries' ability to conduct business onshore on the same terms as domestic players."China has also committed to expand opportunities for U.S. financial services firms to acquire settlement and underwriting licenses as part of the 2016 S&ED.12 CSI's member companies look forward to working with the U.S. and Chinese governments to ensure proper and effective implementation of these licenses is underway.Electronic Payment Services"In May 2017, opening China's domestic market for U.S. electronic payment services (EPS) suppliers via a bank card clearing institution (BCCI) licensing process was included in the 100 Day Action Plan between the United States and China. Several U.S. EPS suppliers filed their BCCI applications in 2017 and all are still pending review by the People's Bank of China (PBOC) at this time."China has committed through its WTO obligations, and more recently under the 100 Day Action Plan, to ensure "full and prompt" market access for U.S. EPS suppliers. CSI urges this commitment to be upheld as soon as possible.A Path Forward Through Continued Bilateral Engagement"Despite the market access issues I've outlined, it is important to keep in mind that China represents a significant opportunity for U.S. services firms. China is the third largest destination for American goods and services.13 In fact, U.S. exports to China supported 1.8 million new jobs and $165 billion in GDP in 2015.14 One cannot underestimate the potential of the Chinese market--one-fifth of the world's population and almost 10 percent of global wealth is China.15 China also holds the largest middle class in the world. In order to increase the services surplus with China, we recommend identifying incentives to open up new opportunities for U.S. firms. Any approach designed to further U.S. interests ought to recognize that the Chinese market has much to offer for American companies and their employees."CSI supports efforts to constructively engage with China because it is critical for the United States to address the current and growing trade and investment challenges facing U.S. services providers operating in China. We believe that a measured and holistic approach in engaging with China and avoiding harm to U.S. businesses, workers and consumers is of the utmost importance. Close cooperation with our international partners is also an essential element for success."CSI and its members stand ready to work with you in crafting a comprehensive and transparent approach to ensure that the full spectrum of barriers to U.S. services providers operating in China are addressed in a manner that demands action from China and minimizes the real threat of reciprocal punitive measures. CSI believes that a carefully calibrated approach with robust input from industry will facilitate the most positive outcome.Thank you for your time. I look forward to answering your questions."* * *Footnotes:1 "Table 3.2. U.S. International Trade in Services by Area and Country, Seasonally Adjusted Detail, China," Bureau of Economic Analysis, U.S. Department of Commerce, March 21, 2017, https://www.bea.gov/itable/.2 Ibid.3 Ibid.4 "Table 2.3. U.S. Trade in Services, by Country or Affiliation and by Type of Service, China," Bureau of Economic Analysis, U.S. Department of Commerce, December 19, 2016, https://www.bea.gov/itable/.5 Ibid.6 Nigel Cory, "Cross-Border Data Flows: Where Are the Barriers, and What Do They Cost," Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, May 1, 2017, https://itif.org/publications/2017/05/01/cross-border-data-flows-where-are-barriers-and-what-do-they-cost.7 "The 13th Five-Year Plan - China's transformation and integration with the world economy," KPMG, October 2016, https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/cn/pdf/en/2016/10/13fyp-opportunities-analysis-for-chinese-and-foreign-businesses.pdf.8 "Circular on Several Measures to Expand the Opening-up and Actively Utilize Foreign Investment," State Council of China, January 17, 2017, http://www.gov.cn/zhengce/content/2017-01/17/content_5160624.htm.9 "Future Directions for Foreign Banks in China 2014," Ernst & Young, 2014, http://www.ey.com/Publication/vwLUAssets/EY-foreign-bank-china-report-2014/$FILE/EY-foreign-bank-china-report-2014.pdf.10 "2017 National Trade Estimate," China, Officer of the United States Trade Representative, Executive Office of the President, March 2017, https://ustr.gov/about-us/policy-offices/press-office/reports-and-publications/2017/2017-national-trade-estimate, 87-88.11 "2016 U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue Joint U.S.-China Fact Sheet - Economic Track," U.S. Department of Treasury, June 7, 2016, https://www.treasury.gov/press-center/press-releases/Pages/jl0484.aspx.12 Ibid.13 Oxford Economics, "Understanding the U.S.-China Trade Relationship," U.S. China Business Council, January 2017, https://www.uschina.org/sites/default/files/Oxford%20Economics%20US%20Jobs%20and%20China%20Trade%20Report.pdf, 4.14Ibid., 4.15 Richard Kersley & Markus Siterli, "Global Wealth in 2015: Underlying Trends Remain Positive," Credit Suisse, October 2015, https://www.credit-suisse.com/corporate/en/research/research-institute/news-and-videos/articles/news-and-expertise/2015/10/en/global-wealth-in-2015-underlying-trends-remain-positive.html.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6242701 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: April 12, 2018End of Document

Chinese social network bans Peppa Pig to combat 'negative influence' of foreign ideologiesBusiness Insider USMay 1, 2018 Tuesday 05:37 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 713 wordsByline: ama@businessinsider.com,  (Alexandra Ma)Highlight: The fictional British piglet has become a cult figure in China - and the government hates it. According to the Global Times, parents have reported their pre-school children are "addicted" to Peppa, and are "oinking and jumping into puddles" after they watch it.BodyPeppa Pig - Official Channel/YouTube• One of China's largest video-sharing apps has banned Peppa Pig from its platform.• The Chinese government has heavily criticised Peppa Pig for being a "negative influence" on the country's pre-school children and young adults in the past.• The British cartoon has become a bit of a cult among China's young adults, who have depicted Peppa Pig as an icon of Chinese "slackers" who run against Communist Party ideals.One of China's largest apps has banned Peppa Pig from its platform because it was spreading a "negative influence" among the country.Douyin, a Vine-like platform for short videos, censored more than 30,000 videos containing the word "Peppa Pig" over the weekend, China's state-run Global Times newspaper reported. Douyin is also known by its English name, Tik Tok.Peppa Pig - a British series for pre-schoolers that follows a piglet and her friends on various adventures - is the latest cartoon to be banned in China. The country previously banned images of Winnie the Pooh, which Chinese critics often use to mock President Xi Jinping and to imply physical similarities between him and the fictional bear.Peppa Pig fans have started posting videos on Douyin with the hashtags, #PiggyPiggy and #PeppaPeppa to bypass the latest ban, Global Times said. It's not clear whether those videos are still on the platform.A document appearing to be an order from Douyin to ban was posted on Weibo on Sunday, alongside a photo of Peppa Pig in a black photo frame of the type usually used in funerals. The document also purported to ban images of men dressing up in drag, nudity, gambling, and violence.It's not clear whether the ban was invoked by Douyin voluntarily or at the behest of the Chinese state, which keeps a close watch on content circulating on tech platforms. Earlier this year the Chinese government temporarily banned Zhihu, a local Quora-like app, for not censoring enough content.@vinayak_jain/TwitterWhy China hates PeppaSince entering the Chinese market in 2015, Peppa Pig videos has been viewed some 30 billion times on the state-run China Central Television's website and other web apps like Tencent Video, according to the Financial Times. Many parents around the world use it to help their children learn English.The cartoon isn't just popular among pre-school children, either - it's become somewhat of a cult figure among its young adults, who reportedly became drawn to the cartoon's darker social issues.One popular storyline was of the piglet becoming so jealous that her best friend could whistle that she hung up the phone on her - an example of "how fake friendships work," said the Global Times.Some netizens - Chinese people on the internet - have also turned Peppa Pig into a symbol of "shehuiren," a slang word for "slacker" whom the Global Times described as "the antithesis of the young generation the [Chinese Communist] Party tries to cultivate."Some Chinese people have even become so obsessed with the show that they have taken to embellishing their bodies with stick-on Peppa Pig tattoos.China's state media has also reported the piglet's "negative influence" on children. According to the Global Times, parents have reported their pre-school children being "addicted" to the cartoon, and "began oinking and jumping into puddles" after watching it.The state-run paper said: "The popularity of Peppa Pig in China shows a spirit of innovation, Chinese experts said, but it could also bring negative influence to the young generation if they overindulge in such a subculture."China has been trying to clamp down on foreign children's books - including cartoons and fairytales - in an attempt to restrict its citizens from adopting foreign ideologies since at least last year.NOW WATCH: Jeff Bezos reveals what it's like to build an empire and become the richest man in the world - and why he's willing to spend $1 billion a year to fund the most important mission of his lifeSee Also:• China is monitoring employees' brain waves and emotions - and the technology boosted one company's profits by $315 million• 21 hot cars at the 2018 Beijing Auto Show• China quietly pulled a propaganda film celebrating its tech giants days after the US sanctioned one of them - and it could be troubling news for HuaweiLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

How China's Tech Revolution Threatens Silicon ValleyAtlantic OnlineMay 14, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1284 wordsByline: Alec AshBody"The spring of investment has come," declares a banner hanging over Zhongguancun Inno Way, a pedestrian walkway tucked behind the high-rise superstores of Beijing's high-tech electronics zone in the city's northwest. Twenty-somethings bustle by clutching coffee and take-out KFC, only the tops of their heads visible as they bury their attention in Chinese-made smartphones. Now the alley-whose Chinese name translates roughly as "Entrepreneurship Street"-is saturated with co-working spaces, cafés, and start-up accelerators.Inside Garage Café, a dark space on Inno Way filled with bleary-eyed entrepreneurs hunched over laptops, I meet 27-year-old Tian Yang. Tian studied at Sydney University, then worked for two years at the Chinese computer company Lenovo. But he found the job "dry and dull, all the same, everyone on the same track, very boring." Now he is building a social-networking app that uses facial recognition to connect people who look alike. (I asked what people were meant to talk about once they're connected, but he hasn't figured that part out yet.) "I'm not married, there's no big pressure yet," he said, "so I can try this for a year." Other start-ups in incubation at Garage Café include an online-video education site-a growing field-and a consulting service for Chinese people looking to settle abroad, called "Ten Thousand Countries." At lunchtime there's a show-and-tell session for new arrivals, and the café organizes meet-ups with investors. A floor-to-ceiling bulletin board is covered with advertisements for coders.China's booming start-up scene has become as much a feature of its top-tier cities as traffic and smog. It used to be that college graduates applied for jobs at banks or state-owned enterprises, the proverbial "iron rice bowl" that their parents sought for them after the chaos of the Cultural Revolution. But many of those jobs were unsatisfying: In a 2012            Gallup survey, 94 percent of Chinese respondents said they were unengaged with their jobs. Now, with public and private funding flowing into Chinese start-ups, entrepreneurship has become an appealing alternative for a generation disillusioned with the conveyor-belt career paths of their forebears.There are plenty of homegrown success stories to inspire them. Where Chinese youth once worshipped at the altar of Steve Jobs, now they look to emulate Jack Ma, Robin Li, and Lei Jun, the founders of e-commerce firm Alibaba, the search engine Baidu, and the phone manufacturer Xiaomi. Alibaba's IPO in the United States in 2014 was the            biggest in history, raising $25 billion, and Xiaomi            just filed its own IPO in Hong Kong, which is expected to raise $10 billion.The tech revolution in China is ubiquitous in urban life. I use the messaging app WeChat for work calls and vacation bookings. I pay for a cup of coffee or a ride in a car with a scanned QR code on my phone. I go to work at a rented desk in an "experimental life space" called 5Lmeet, built in an old soy-sauce factory, which offers pop-up cuisine, a cashless, staffless convenience store, and an office space, the entrance gate to which uses face-recognition software to let me in. Every time I come out of a subway stop in Beijing, I have to fight through a mass of the cheap, rentable bicycles that have transformed transportation in the city. Dai Wei, the CEO of the leading bike-rental firm, Ofo-reportedly            valued at $2 billion-is 27 years old.In years past, Chinese companies have faced accusations that, rather than coming up with new inventions, they're simply copycatting U.S.-made technologies for Chinese consumers-a trope that has made it onto the            current season of Silicon Valley. As the progenitor of the so-called "four great inventions" (the compass, gunpowder, papermaking, and printing), China has now claimed "four great new inventions"-shared bikes, e-commerce, mobile payment, and high-speed rail. The simplest of            fact-checks reveals that none of those originated in China, though they were certainly popularized here.But China has begun fostering a more creative entrepreneurial culture. In 2015, Premier Li Keqiang            unveiled a plan, known as "Made in China 2025," to update the country's economy by investing in advanced industries, through subsidies, low-interest loans and other aid for Chinese companies. Within the next decade, China wants to be the world leader in robotics,            artificial intelligence, and clean-energy cars, among other fields. President Xi Jinping's consolidation of power-most recently with the abolishing of presidential term limits-means that policy can reshape economy through a level of top-down control that democracies cannot emulate.Chinese leaders are looking to young entrepreneurs to spearhead the transformation. It helps that much the world's hardware, such as smartphones and computers, is already made domestically, with many key parts produced in the southern factory metropolis of Shenzhen. Also supporting China's strength is an influx of venture capital into Chinese start-ups, from both home and abroad, and from            private investments by rich Chinese individuals who lack safer options given China's volatile stock market and restrictions on investments in housing. Last year, Chinese-led funding accounted for nearly a quarter of worldwide venture capital, a 15-fold increase from 2013, with most of the investment going to Chinese companies, according to a recent Wall Street Journal            analysis. During that period, U.S.-led funding doubled.It's now becoming clear that, in many respects, China has distinct advantages over Silicon Valley as it hopes to become the next nexus for innovation. Ma, of Alibaba, has praised China's stable government and long-term support of innovative industries as            good for business. When Mark Zuckerberg testified to Congress last month, one of his notes            captured on camera by the Associated Press revealed his argument that Chinese tech companies pose a threat to American competitiveness: "Break Up FB? U.S. tech companies key asset for America; break up strengthens Chinese companies," the document read.It's not inevitable that the kids of Garage Café are about to eclipse their peers in the WeWorks of San Francisco and Seattle. Bureaucratic red tape and poor intellectual-property law still make it difficult for Chinese businesses to get off the ground and protect their product from copycats. The Chinese government's power over companies is a double-edged sword, allowing it to censor or shut down any start-up that gets too close to sensitive topics, as happened in April when the state agency responsible for media censorship            temporarily banned the news app Jinri Toutiao for "broadcasting programs opposed to social morality." And while the government has nurtured tech companies by handpicking individual ones as the stars of given industries (Baidu for self-driving cars, Alibaba for high-tech city infrastructure, Ofo for dockless shared bikes), that level of granular control could prevent more organic ideas from coming to fruition within competitive markets. Meanwhile, a burgeoning trade war with the United States could            stymie Made in China 2025 by imposing tariffs on the high-tech manufacturing industries that China seeks to bolster.None of this seems to have dampened the optimism of the Garage Café crowd. Kaiser Kuo, the host of the Sinica Podcast and the former director of international communications at Baidu, says, "There's no question that China is now very much in the same league as the United States" when it comes to innovation, hardware, and capital flow. Tian Yang, the facial-recognition whiz-kid, described the flood of investment more bluntly: "All you need is an idea, and they will give you money."Load-Date: May 18, 2018End of Document

How the U.S.-China trade war could play outPolitico.comJune 15, 2018 Friday 12:21 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 735 wordsByline: vguida@politico.com,  (Victoria Guida)BodyPresident Donald Trump's announcement of tariffs on Chinese goods escalates tensions between the world's two largest economies. The move has stoked business fears of a sustained trade war that could raise prices on American consumers, while heartening some lawmakers who have long called for a tougher stance against Beijing.Here's what you need to know about the president's latest trade move:What's new about today?Trump has made a number of tariff-related threats. He has previously put tariffs on washing machines, solar products, steel and aluminum - imports from much of the world. Friday's actions are only aimed at China.Which products are covered by the new tariffs?A lot, but not a lot. The 25 percent tariffs will be placed on roughly $50 billion in imports from China. The tariffs will cover more than 1,000 types of items, but many of those are very similar manufacturing components. In general terms, they are products containing "industrially significant technologies," like aerospace, robotics and automobiles.For context, China exported about $505 billion in goods to the U.S. in 2017, so this hits about 10 percent of goods that come here from China.How will U.S. consumers and businesses be affected?Any U.S. business that buys products from China that are covered by the new tariffs will face a tax on those products. Those increased costs will show up somewhere, most likely through decreased profit margins for the companies or increased prices for their customers - perhaps both.But the administration tried to target products that wouldn't have as big of a direct effect on American consumers. Goods like televisions and birth control, which had initially been proposed for inclusion, were removed from the final tariff list. Still, Silicon Valley is raising alarms that this will raise the prices for all kinds of high-tech goods. LED screens, printer and scanner parts and sensors: all components of electronics that are on the administration's list.When do the tariffs take effect?Tariffs on about $34 billion in Chinese imports will go into effect July 6. The administration is asking for input on an additional $16 billion in products that it wants to slap tariffs on also. Those likely won't go into effect for several weeks.Why is the administration doing this?The Trump administration has identified multiple ways Beijing steals U.S. technology and undermines U.S. access to the Chinese market, which are the basis for the new tariffs. Specifically, Beijing makes U.S. companies that want to do business in China jump through more hoops than domestic companies. The tariffs are also intended to punish China for cyber-espionage, theft of U.S. companies' trade secrets and theft of intellectual property, like patents.Meanwhile, Chinese companies use government money to buy U.S. businesses. "They can go in and overpay and buy the company and get the technology," a senior administration official said Friday.The administration wants the Chinese government to change its ways on all these fronts. But Trump also rails against the U.S.' large trade deficit with China and China's high tariffs on certain goods. So any agreement could also target the trade balance more directly.Is there a way for China to head off these tariffs?Most of the tariffs take effect in about three weeks, which isn't very much time for Beijing to make widespread policy changes. But the administration has made clear that these tariffs are intended to ultimately pressure China into some type of agreement, so they might not be permanent.Will China retaliate?Beijing said Friday that it will respond in lock step. Starting July 6, China will impose tariffs on U.S. goods valued at $34 billion, including agricultural products, automobiles, and aquatic products. It also released a list of $16 billion worth of U.S. goods that will face tariffs separately. That includes chemical products, medical equipment and energy products.Meanwhile, Trump has threatened to escalate the war with tariffs on an additional $100 billion in Chinese goods if China retaliates.What else should I be watching out for?The Trump administration is planning still more trade actions against China, including a set of investment restrictions and export controls that are also aimed at curbing Chinese acquisition of "industrially significant" technology. The White House has said those restrictions will be announced by June 30. Load-Date: June 18, 2018End of Document

US-China trade: 24 hours that escalated the fightCNN WireApril 17, 2018 Tuesday 1:21 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 794 wordsByline: By Alanna PetroffDateline: LONDON (CNNMoney) BodyLONDON (CNNMoney) --  After a brief lull in the skirmishing, the trade battle between the United States and China is escalating once again. In the last 24 hours alone, the United States dealt a potentially crippling blow to a big Chinese tech company, Beijing hit out at a major American export crop, and President Donald Trump fired off another angry tweet. "I hesitate to call it a [trade] war ... It's more of a trade battle at the moment, but it's escalating," said Ian Mitchell, a trade expert and senior policy fellow at the Center for Global Development.China made clear again Tuesday that it was willing to stand its ground in the increasingly tense standoff between the world's two biggest economies. "If the US continues to act recklessly ... we stand ready to show our sword, and fight to win this battle to defend multilateralism and free trade," Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said in response to a punitive US move against Chinese smartphone maker ZTE.A potential trade war has been brewing since April 2017 when Trump directed the Commerce Department to investigate whether imports of foreign steel from China and other countries could be a threat to national security.Fast forward to March 2018: The US imposed a 25% tariff on steel imports from China and many other nations. Beijing responded by imposing tariffs on US imports worth around $3 billion. This escalated to the point that Trump ultimately threatened to impose new tariffs on $150 billion of Chinese goods.Here's a catchup on the latest moves that are turning up the heat. Sorghum slammedChina said Tuesday that it would introduce a huge import charge on US shipments of sorghum, a grain that is used to feed livestock and make a liquor that's very popular with Chinese drinkers. Starting Wednesday, Chinese customs officers will charge importers a fee of about 179% on US sorghum after an investigation found the shipments were unfairly subsidized and damaging Chinese producers.China is the largest buyer of American sorghum, and its imports were worth nearly $1 billion last year.ZTE bannedThe US cracked down on ZTE, one of China's biggest tech companies, on Monday.The Department of Commerce has banned American companies from selling parts and services to ZTE for seven years. The US threatened the ban in 2017 after ZTE illegally shipped equipment to Iran and North Korea. Further misconduct led the Commerce Department to impose the ban, according to a statement from the agency.ZTE buys microchips from Qualcomm and glass from Corning, and the company is the fourth biggest smartphone supplier in the United States. The company's shares were suspended from trading in Hong Kong on Tuesday following the US announcement.Currency clashDuring his campaign, Trump repeatedly accused Beijing of undervaluing its currency to boost exports. By May 2017, he said the manipulation had stopped, and he personally took the credit.Now, he seems to be having second thoughts. In a tweet on Monday, he said the world's second largest economy was once again "playing the Currency Devaluation game" and this was "Not acceptable!" (He also lumped Russia in with China.)The rebuke from Trump contradicted a recent report from the Treasury Department saying that no US trading partner was manipulating its exchange rate.Since Trump took office, the dollar has weakened against other currencies including the Chinese yuan."It seems that President Trump might be looking to focus on currencies next to influence his trade battle," said Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM.More to come?To top it all, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that US trade representatives are considering fresh retaliatory measures against Beijing for its restrictions on American tech and cloud services.The story, which cited unnamed sources, said the officials believed China was unfairly restricting trade in these US services."From a broader perspective, these are two countries ignoring the rules of the global trade system and engaging in tit-for-tat trade measures," said Mitchell."I think it will damage business in both countries. But it's still at a stage where it's inconvenient rather than a full blown economic crisis."The flare up comes after recent signs that tensions may be easing. A week ago, Chinese President Xi Jinping said his government would cut tariffs on vehicle imports this year, a long-promised move that addresses one of Trump's major gripes. There was more news in that vein Tuesday, with the Chinese government outlining a timetable for removing restrictions on foreign ownership of automakers in the world's biggest car market. -- Steven Jiang in Beijing contributed reporting.TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.NotesUpdated at 9.20 am ET to fix typos in grafs 13 and 14. Load-Date: April 18, 2018End of Document

US-China trade: 24 hours that escalated the fightCNNMoney.comApril 17, 2018 Tuesday 1:41 PM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: ECONOMYLength: 878 wordsByline: Alanna PetroffBodyAfter a brief lull in the skirmishing, the trade battle between the United States and China is escalating once again.In the last 24 hours alone, the United States dealt a potentially crippling blow to a big Chinese tech company, Beijing hit out at a major American export crop, and President Donald Trump fired off another angry tweet."I hesitate to call it a [trade] war ... It's more of a trade battle at the moment, but it's escalating," said Ian Mitchell, a trade expert and senior policy fellow at the Center for Global Development.China made clear again Tuesday that it was willing to stand its ground in the increasingly tense standoff between the world's two biggest economies."If the US continues to act recklessly ... we stand ready to show our sword, and fight to win this battle to defend multilateralism and free trade," Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said in response to a punitive US move against Chinese smartphone maker ZTE.A potential trade war has been brewing since April 2017 when Trump directed the Commerce Department to investigate whether imports of foreign steel from China and other countries could be a threat to national security.Fast forward to March 2018: The US imposed a 25% tariff on steel imports from China and many other nations. Beijing responded by imposing tariffs on US imports worth around $3 billion. This escalated to the point that Trump ultimately threatened to impose new tariffs on $150 billion of Chinese goods.Here's a catchup on the latest moves that are turning up the heat.Sorghum slammedChina said Tuesday that it would introduce a huge import charge on US shipments of sorghum, a grain that is used to feed livestock and make a liquor that's very popular with Chinese drinkers.Starting Wednesday, Chinese customs officers will charge importers a fee of about 179% on US sorghum after an investigation found the shipments were unfairly subsidized and damaging Chinese producers.China is the largest buyer of American sorghum, and its imports were worth nearly $1 billion last year.ZTE bannedThe US cracked down on ZTE, one of China's biggest tech companies, on Monday.The Department of Commerce has banned American companies from selling parts and services to ZTE for seven years. The US threatened the ban in 2017 after ZTE illegally shipped equipment to Iran and North Korea. Further misconduct led the Commerce Department to impose the ban, according to a statement from the agency.ZTE buys microchips from Qualcomm and glass from Corning, and the company is the fourth biggest smartphone supplier in the United States.The company's shares were suspended from trading in Hong Kong on Tuesday following the US announcement.Currency clashDuring his presidential campaign, Trump repeatedly accused Beijing of undervaluing its currency to boost exports. By May 2017, he said the manipulation had stopped, and he personally took the credit.Now, he seems to be having second thoughts. In a tweet on Monday, he said the world's second largest economy was once again "playing the Currency Devaluation game" and this was "Not acceptable!" (He also lumped Russia in with China.)The rebuke from Trump contradicted a recent report from the Treasury Department saying that no US trading partner was manipulating its exchange rate.Since Trump took office, the dollar has weakened against other currencies including the Chinese yuan."It seems that President Trump might be looking to focus on currencies next to influence his trade battle," said Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM.More to come?To top it all, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that US trade representatives are considering fresh retaliatory measures against Beijing for its restrictions on American tech and cloud services.The story, which cited unnamed sources, said the officials believed China was unfairly restricting trade in these US services.Experts are deeply concerned about how the situation is unfolding.From the perspective of Chinese trade negotiators, "there is not enough understanding on what is being sought" by the Trump Administration, explained Roberto AzevÃªdo, the director-general of the World Trade Organization, in a Monday interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour.Demanding "reciprocity" might be a digestible political slogan, he said, but "for a negotiator on the other side, it's not that clear... They need more details."Mitchell also noted that the moves by both sides didn't adhere to international norms."From a broader perspective, these are two countries ignoring the rules of the global trade system and engaging in tit-for-tat trade measures," said Mitchell."I think it will damage business in both countries. But it's still at a stage where it's inconvenient rather than a full blown economic crisis," he said.The flare up comes after recent signs that tensions may be easing. A week ago, Chinese President Xi Jinping said his government would cut tariffs on vehicle imports this year, a long-promised move that addresses one of Trump's major gripes.There was more news in that vein Tuesday, with the Chinese government outlining a timetable for removing restrictions on foreign ownership of automakers in the world's biggest car market.-- CNN's Steven Jiang in Beijing contributed reporting.Load-Date: April 18, 2018End of Document

Why Are Louisiana Taxpayers Subsidizing America's "Economic Enemy," The People's Republic of China?InsideSources.com, Washington, D.C.June 22, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 Distributed by Tribune Content AgencySection: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWSLength: 889 wordsByline: Michael Graham, InsideSources.com, Washington, D.C.BodyJune 22--If Donald Trump is having a trade war with China, word has yet to reach Louisiana.At the same time the Trump administration is calling China "an economic enemy" and their business practices a threat to "the economic and national security of the U.S.," Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards (D) has identified the People's Republic as his state's "primary foreign direct investment" partner.Louisiana recently announced a $1.12 billion investment in a new chemical plant being made by the Chinese company, Wanhua.  It's the second-largest such deal the state's ever signed, behind Yuhuang Chemical's $1.85 billion methanol complex in St. James Parish in 2015.That's three billion dollars in foreign direct investment (FDI) from those two projects alone. Under the leadership of Gov. Edwards and his Republican predecessor Bobby Jindal, the Bayou State is now the third-largest recipient of Chinese foreign direct investment in the U.S."With our efforts and people's support, the partnership between China and Louisiana will be strong and growing," Edwards said.What's growing in Washington is concern. Not just concern over the economic impacts of what President Trump and his key trade adviser Peter Navarro believe is an unfair trade imbalance, but also the national security threats from business practices the Chinese government and its allied businesses are using to steal U.S. technology, advance in sensitive areas, and wield undue influence in the global marketplace.And the Trump administration certainly doesn't want Louisiana taxpayers subsidizing the Chinese to do it.The Wanhua investment in Louisiana is a case-study in the Chinese approach the Trump administration identified in its new report, "How China's Economic Aggression Threatens the Technologies and Intellectual Property of the United States and the World":China aggressively seeks to acquire American technology and intellectual property through multiple vectors including: physical and cyber theft, forced technology transfers, evading United States export controls, export restraints on raw materials, and investments in more than 600 high-technology assets in the United States worth close to $20 billion.A chemical plant doesn't sound like the setting of a James Bond movie, but currently China lacks the technology and expertise to make more advanced chemicals like those slated to be produced at their new Louisiana plant.According to a report by McKinsey and Company, the international consulting firm, China is going to rely on chemical imports from the U.S. and the West for years to come, "notably for products that have high technology barriers.""International companies are strongly placed to meet China's growing appetite for specialty chemicals...an appetite being driven by rising standards of living and increasing demand for consumer products from household goods to cars, all of which require specialty chemicals in their production," the report states.From AI to robotics to high-end chemical manufacturing, China uses its business partnerships to steal technology and expertise, which is one of the reasons the Trump administration has announced its $60 billion in tariffs on Chinese goods and restrictions on Chinese investments in the U.S.So what's going on in Louisiana?  One person who wants to know is state Rep. Beryl Amedee. In May, she proposed a resolution calling for an investigation by the state's Department of Economic Development to "study predatory investments and other unfair trade practices in Louisiana by state-owned companies based in and subsidized by communist countries." When she was asked by a fellow legislator to name one such country, she said "China."Her resolution passed unanimously.Interestingly, the resolution also calls for the "state treasurer to certify that no public funds have been used to support commercial activities, including investments, by companies" owned in whole or in part by communist governments. That's a good question because there are millions of dollars in state-funded benefits going to Wanhua, including $4.3 million in direct cash benefits and millions more over a decade of tax exemptions.This taxpayer largesse isn't just going to a big business. It's going to a big business that's partially owned by the government of China--aka the Communist Party.  Shares of Wanhua are controlled by China's State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council (SASAC) which is a branch of the Chinese government. Every tax dollar of benefits to Wanhua Chemical is a dollar that, at some level, benefits the Chinese Communist Party.And just in case you miss the connection, the Wanhua website describes the head of the company, Zengtai Liao, as "President and Party Secretary."  That doesn't mean he likes to organize birthday celebrations.On June 13,  Chinese President (and general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party) Xi Jinping, made a high-profile visit to Wanhua Chemical facility in Shandong province. Why wouldn't he? Upgrading China's chemical industry is a vital part of the Party's latest "Five-Year Plan."And with the help of the taxpayers of Louisiana, they're well on their way.___ (c)2018 InsideSources.com, Washington, D.C. Visit InsideSources.com, Washington, D.C. at www.insidesources.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.Load-Date: June 23, 2018End of Document

HOW THE CHINESE MODEL FOR ECONOMIC INNOVATION IS SPURRING INNOVATIONStates News ServiceMay 9, 2018 WednesdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 252 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: HANOVER, N.H BodyThe following information was released by the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth:After visiting Shenzhen, China for the Tuck Global Leadership program, a Tuck visiting professor reflects on economic innovation in China.by Tuck CommunicationsDavid Wessel, visiting faculty for the Tuck Executive Education Global Leadership program, admits that some Chinese companies copy American products to make them more cheaply, and that there are challenges between China and the U.S. around intellectual property. But Wessel also admits that there is more to the Chinese model of economic innovation than business parlor tricks.The Chinese government has a plan for its future prosperity, he says.On a recent trip to China with the Global Leadership program, Wessel saw that plan in action, centered on the city of Shenzhen.In Shenzhen, China is creating an ecosystem of talent, money, government support, and access to the huge Chinese market. Its Chinas answer to Silicon Valley, he says.He also notes that, while U.S. companies often struggle to sell to the vast Chinese markets, Chinese companies are innovating their business models to take advantage of cashless payment systems.I saw a man with a bicycle cart selling ears of corn who had a QR code on his bike so customers could pay with WePay.Wessel discussed the Chinese economic innovation model and his recent trip to China on the Brookings Institution podcast Wessels Economic Update.Originally aired on Brookings Institution podcast, Wessels Economic Update.Load-Date: May 13, 2018End of Document

Trump seeks additional tariffs on $100 billion of Chinese goods in escalation of trade confrontationPhilly.comApril 6, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 Distributed by Tribune Content AgencySection: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWSLength: 1428 wordsByline: Patricia Madej, Philly.comBodyApril 06--WASHINGTON -- President Trump ordered his chief trade negotiator to consider imposing tariffs on an additional $100 billion of Chinese products Thursday, in a dramatic escalation of his trade war with China.The threat from Trump is the latest volley between the White House and Beijing in an exchange of trade attacks that continue to broaden in scope and severity.Trump's latest move would impose tariffs on a significant share of imported Chinese goods that enter the United States -- $505.6 billion last year.It comes a day after China issued a list of tariffs against $50 billion in U.S. goods, including soybeans and small aircraft, in response to recent actions from Trump."Rather than remedy its misconduct, China has chosen to harm our farmers and manufacturers," Trump said in a statement Thursday evening.The president's latest salvo, moving the world's two largest economies closer to an open brawl, is certain to spook U.S. allies in Europe and Japan as well as American business leaders, who are desperate for a negotiated resolution of the dispute.The stock market was closed when the White House released Trump's statement about the $100 billion in additional tariffs, but Dow futures tumbled more than 300 points, a sign that markets are likely to open down Friday and that Wall Street traders believe a trade war is growing increasingly likely.Markets in mainland China were closed Friday for the start of a long weekend.Many in the business community are urging Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping to reach a settlement before the tariffs go into effect, and Republican lawmakers have been urging the U.S. president to back down.The threat of tariffs on an additional $100 billion in Chinese goods was "irresponsible and destabilizing," the Information Technology Industry Council said in a statement."We call on both sides to halt unproductive and escalatory rhetoric, recognizing that these words and actions have global consequences," Dean Garfield, chief executive of the council, said.The National Retail Federation said the U.S. and China were on a "dangerous downward spiral" that could "spell disaster for the U.S. economy."The lawmakers fear a deepening trade war will hurt jobs and businesses in their states, and they worry it could cost Republican votes in the 2018 midterm elections."Hopefully the president is just blowing off steam again, but if he's even half-serious, this is nuts," Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Neb., said in a statement Thursday night. "The president has no actual plan to win right now. He's threatening to light American agriculture on fire."The announced level of tariffs almost certainly would lead to American and Chinese consumers facing higher prices at stores for many everyday items." If he's serious, this is going to start hitting consumer goods and more Americans will feel it," said Chad Bown, a trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. "This could hit the Walmart shopper if it goes through."Trump's threat of more tariffs comes amid broadening confusion about the White House approach to trade policy., as it is in the midst of a major personnel change, and Trump has taken to issuing statements and decrees on social media only to have them explained in different ways by aides.Thursday night's statement was a prime example. The statement said Trump wanted U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to consider imposing "$100 billion of additional tariffs" against China. A spokeswoman for Lighthizer later clarified that they would consider tariffs against $100 billion in goods, not $100 billion in actual tariffs.Financial markets have wobbled as investors are led by Trump to think that the trade tensions are escalating, and then they are assuaged by another White House official suggesting that things will be resolved peacefully.One reason for the public confusion is a split between Trump's economic advisers. White House adviser Peter Navarro has cheered Trump's adversarial approach to China. Others, particularly National Economic Council Director Larry Kudlow, have suggested that these moves are all part of a grand negotiation that could result with no tariffs taking effect.But every time aides attempt to soften the edge of Trump's trade threats, the president takes direct aim at Beijing and declares that he won't back down until the gap between U.S. imports from China and its exports to that country is dramatically narrowed.In several bellicose tweets Wednesday, Trump declared: "We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S."Recent weeks have seen a dizzying exchange of tariff actions, which Patrick Chovanec, a China watcher and chief strategist at Silvercrest Asset Management, compared to the back and forth of "two dogs determined to see which has the loudest bark."The tit-for-tat actions began in March withTrump initiating a process to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. He later exempted most major countries except for China.In response, China on Monday said it would impose tariffs on 128 U.S. exports, including pork and a range of agricultural products that would have a disproportionate impact on American farmers.On Tuesday, Trump unveiled a list of about $50 billion in Chinese electronics, aerospace and machinery products it plans to hit with steep tariffs.And then Wednesday, China said it would pursue new import levies on U.S. soybeans, cars and airplanes, targets that would reach much deeper into the American economy and potentially affect hundreds of thousands of jobs.Trump wanted much bigger tariffs on China initially. The , but the administration pulled back and crafted a list of more than 1,300 items from China to avoid hitting consumer goods like iPhones, shoes and clothing.But economists say it will be almost impossible to avoid hurting U.S. consumers with the additional tariffs that Trump is pushing for now.China exported more than $500 billion in goods to the United States last year, and China exported more than $500 billion of goods to the U.S. last year and imposing tariffs on $100 billion worth of goods will would have a major impact on the flow of a range of products. In threatening these penalties, Trump is seeking to enforce a 1974 law that gives him the power to direct investigations into what he believes is China's theft of U.S. intellectual property.In his statement Thursday evening, Trump said the new tariffs under consideration would be a direct response to China's retaliation this week. He also said he has "instructed the Secretary of Agriculture, with the support of other members of my Cabinet, to use his broad authority to implement a plan to protect our farmers and agricultural interests."It was unclear precisely what he wanted Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue to do. But trade analysts warned that if Trump is considering additional subsidies to protect farmers from Chinese retaliatory tariffs that could expand the U.S.-China trade spat to other powerhouse agricultural countries like Australia, Brazil and Argentina."If Trump pays farmers with subsidies, other farmers around the world will object. Suddenly, big agricultural producers in the rest of the world will be drawn into this fight. This has the potential to escalate this way beyond the U.S.-China box," Bown said.Trump still left open the possibility that this could be posturing in advance of some sort of trade deal with the Chinese government."Notwithstanding these actions, the United States is still prepared to have discussions in further support of our commitment to achieving free, fair, and reciprocal trade and to protect the technology and intellectual property of American companies and American people," he said. "Trade barriers must be taken down to enhance economic growth in America and around the world."Trump says the U.S. government has allowed China for decades to flood U.S. consumers with cheap imports that hurt American jobs, leading to the closure of thousands of factories across the country. He won the 2016 election in part by promising to restore many of those jobs, particularly in the Midwest.So far this year, Trump has threatened a range of countries, including Canada, Mexico, Germany, South Korea and Japan, over their trade practices, but he has reserved his most aggressive attacks for Beijing.The Washington Post's Emily Rauhala contributed to this report from Beijing.___ (c)2018 Philly.com Visit Philly.com at www.philly.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.Load-Date: April 6, 2018End of Document

The trade fight between the US and China 'will get worse' and Trump could 'hit back harder' if he doesn't get what he wantsBusiness Insider USMay 8, 2018 Tuesday 07:57 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 830 wordsByline: bbryan@businessinsider.com,  (Bob Bryan)Highlight: President Donald Trump's administration and the Chinese government remain far apart on trade issues which means more battles could be on the horizon. But, there's still hope a deal can get done.BodyManuel Balce Ceneta/AP Images• President Donald Trump sent seven key advisers to China last week.• The round of talks shows "a gaping distance between the US and China," experts say.• The distance makes further trade restrictions and a trade battle escalation more likely.• "In the short term, a lack of concessions from Chinese officials (at least publicly) may encourage President Trump to continue to hit China, or hit back harder, in the trade dispute," one analyst said.The group of Trump administration representatives, led by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, went to Beijing for two days of talks last week in an attempt to avoid an all-out trade war between the two countries.But instead of diffusing tensions between the two countries, the meeting may have made things worse."For the financial markets, which would like some good news on trade, there was disappointment as the US delegation to China returned after getting an earful from Chinese officials," said Greg Valliere, the chief global strategist at Horizon Investments. "The two sides had 'frank discussions,' the US said - diplomatic language that's used when there's an impasse."'Gaping distance'The US demands were extreme. The central request was for China to develop a plan to cut the US-China trade deficit by $200 billion, or 60%, before the end of 2020. Along with requests to end tariffs and government support for Chinese firms, the US demands would require a massive overhaul of China's economic system.On the other hand, China's demanded the US open its market to more Chinese firms and back down on security restrictions targeted at Chinese tech firms, like telecom ZTE."The reports following the US trade delegation to China could generously be described as 'mixed,'" said Isaac Boltansky and Lukas Davaz, analysts at the research and trading firm Compass Point. "Even though tangible progress during this round of meetings was unlikely, the leaked demands from both sides show a gaping distance between the US and China."The US and China also came into conflict over the weekend when the Trump administration blasted China's efforts to convince foreign airlines to not call Taiwan a country. China and Taiwan have been entangled in a decades-long fight over the mainland's control of the island.Chris Kreuger, an analyst at Cowen Washington Research Group, said relations are moving in the wrong direction and called recent actions "the opposite of forward motion.""Though nothing about this process has been linear, so a breakthrough is still possible - just not probable in our minds," Kreuger said.Getty Images / Thomas Peter-Pool'A long slog'Given the distance between the Chinese and US, most policy analysts expect the escalating trade battle to continue for the foreseeable future.In the short term, Trump's tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese goods will go into effect by the end of May. And more tariffs could be on the horizon."Both sides will keep talking, but this looks like a long slog. Additional tariffs could be announced by both countries within the next week or two," Valliere said.Ed Mills, a public policy analyst at Raymond James, said the slow pace of negotiations raises the possibility that Trump will rely on bully tactics to try and get China on board with his demands."In the short term, a lack of concessions from Chinese officials (at least publicly) may encourage President Trump to continue to hit China, or hit back harder, in the trade dispute," Mills said.Trump has threatened to impose an addition set of tariffs on $100 billion worth of Chinese goods and the administration is reportedly considering further trade actions including restrictions on            Chinese firms investing in the US. Given the lack of progress in the negotiations and these additional actions are likely to make the situation more perilous.Already, US firms are feeling the squeeze from higher costs, and additional tariffs could become a problem for the economy.Given the economic squeeze, there's still a strong likelihood that Trump cuts a deal with the Chinese. Boltansky and Davaz said that while the short-term outlook is grim, the two sides have too much to lose from an ongoing trade war to not reach some kind of deal."Our sense is that things will get worse before they get better, but our view remains that China and the U.S. will find a way to step back from the cliff," they said. "As President Trump said in The Art of the Deal: 'The worst of times often create the best opportunities to make good deals.'"NOW WATCH: What will probably happen with the North and South Korean peace treatySee Also:• Report claims Melania and Trump spend 'little to no time together' as she shoots down rumors that she doesn't actually live in the White House• Ian Bremmer: Why the American dream doesn't exist anymore• Trump is setting up high stakes trade fights that could end in economic disasterSEE ALSO: Trump is setting up high stakes trade fights that could end in economic disasterLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

China censors to prevent collective action, King saysThe Stanford Daily: Stanford UniversityJune 20, 2018 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2018 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 713 wordsByline: Natasha WeaserBodyThe speech of Chinese citizens is "individually free but collectively in chains," said Gary King, director of Harvard's Institute for Quantitative Social Science and a professor in Harvard's Department of Government.King gave a presentation Wednesday afternoon in Encina Hall titled, "How Censorship in China Allows Government Criticism but Silences Collective Expression.""There are many looming challenges facing China ahead," said Jean Oi, director of the Stanford in China program and a senior fellow at the Freeman Spogli Institute, who introduced King and his project. "One of them is how China is going to deal with the Internet and the flow of information."People have a lot of assumptions and speculations about censorship in China," she added, "The question is, what do they censor and what are they trying to do?"King's lecture centered on disproving conventional wisdom that the goal of Chinese censorship is to stop government criticism, instead arguing through his empirical research that it is the threat or possibility of collective action that the censors target.King said that only two topics - pornography and criticism of the censors themselves - are always blocked."We as observers often think that the Chinese censorship system is leaky and imperfect, but actually it is our understanding of it that is so," he said.Although he acknowledged that countries like Iran, Saudi Arabia and Vietnam also block sensitive content, King stated, "China is the largest effort to censor human expression in history."While exact numbers remain unclear, King said censorship in China is a "huge manual effort" involving hundreds of thousands of people. He divided the censorship into two broad categories: search filtering, which involves blocking certain terms in search engines, and content filtering, which involves removing individual posts by hand.According to King, websites like Sina, China's largest infotainment web portal, hire up to 1,000 people to censor content.With the help of Harvard graduate students Jennifer Pan and Molly Roberts, King undertook a six-month project, spanning from Jan. 2011 to June 2011, to use automated content analysis software he developed and patented to download over 3 million social media posts from 1,400 Chinese social media sites.King then divided these posts into 95 topics and, for each post, examined the content, placed it on a timeline and revisited the site to see if it was censored.According to King, 13 percent of social media posts are censored overall, even though there are significant differences across geographic regions and topics.Drawing from the data collected, King showed that among some of the most-censored events in the earlier half of 2011 were protests in Inner Mongolia, the arrest of dissident Ai Weiwei and the rush to buy salt following the Japanese earthquake.King referred to the last case as an example of a topic that did not criticize or threaten the government, but was characterized by collective action and was thus heavily censored.To provide more evidence for this theory, King showed how criticism of key government policies, including the One Child Policy and education policy, have low censorship percentages, arguing that this is due to their lack of collective action potential.King also pointed out that in the cases of the protests in Inner Mongolia and Ai Weiwei's arrest, posts were censored whether they supported or criticized the state.Citing cases such as the downfall of politician Bo Xilai and a South China Sea peace agreement, King also suggested that his software and findings can predict certain events before they occur."With the Chinese government leaving huge footprints and exposing themselves, we can tell what they are going to do before they do it," King said.He also noted that Chinese censorship is not ambiguous or hidden, showing a picture of a blocked Chinese site that stated, "The page you requested is temporarily down. How about you go look at another page?""I am not favorably impressed, but nevertheless impressed, by the Chinese censorship system," he said. "This may be the optimal way to have a censorship program, as the government gets to see what everyone thinks, eliminate collective action potential and can measure and deal with problems."Load-Date: June 21, 2018End of Document

House Small Business Committee Issues Testimony From IronNet CybersecurityTargeted News ServiceJune 27, 2018 Wednesday 7:30 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 2885 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe House Small Business Committee issued the following testimony by IronNet Cybersecurity President Matthew G. Olsen at a hearing entitled "ZTE: A Threat to America's Small Businesses":"Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me to this important hearing to discuss the risks that ZTE poses to the United States and our small businesses. I commend the Committee for addressing this issue, particularly in light of the broader cybersecurity and intelligence threats facing the United States."At the outset, I want to recognize the important work of this Committee in promoting cyber security for our nation's small business community. As the Committee has recognized, advances in technology have offered small firms the opportunity to increase their productivity, and efficiency. But at the same time, these advances have opened the door for our adversaries to steal and destroy sensitive and valuable information that is critical to the continued success of small businesses. The Committee has worked to promote better coordination, education, and innovation with key stakeholders to address the evolving threat of cyberattacks. In particular, the Committee deserves praise for its work this year to promote information sharing on cyber threats and the training of cyber professionals in our workforce."In my statement, I will first describe the overall cyber threat landscape, focusing on the nature and scope of the threat from China, and then discuss the risks posed by ZTE, as a Chinese-backed enterprise, to our national security interests.Cyber Threat Landscape"As the Committee is aware, information networks are among our most valuable resources, critical both to our national security and our economic success. In this context, it is important to emphasize that the technology that supports these information networks is changing rapidly. For example, according to estimates, by 2021 the amount of information circulating the globe via IP networks will reach 3.3 zettabytes, and there will be 27.1 billion wireless and mobile devices, up from 17.1 billion in 2016."We continue to witness an astounding rate of growth in the amount of unique, new information available worldwide, included significant increases in the velocity of data being transmitted and types of devices communicating information. With the advent of the Internet of Things (IoT) and the continued development and rapid iteration of technology, these trends are likely to continue to accelerate."Small businesses will be at the forefront of this ongoing digital revolution. This is because small businesses have the agility and flexibility to create new products and to take advantage of advances in technology through rapid innovation and by bring products to market quickly. It is this very feature of technology startups--which nearly always begin as small businesses--that has turned the Silicon Valley and other technology centers from California to Maryland into major hubs of productivity and technological innovation."With these advances in technology, there is a related and alarming trend in the scope and impact of cyberattacks. Such attacks now encompass both major disruptive attacks, as well as the use of actual destructive attacks on both public and private sector entities in the United States and abroad. For example, in 2012, we saw the advent of destructive attacks against Saudi Aramco, with over 20,000 computers affected, and a follow-on attack against Qatari RasGas. Similar attacks have recently been reported against the Saudi government."In the United States, destructive attacks conducted by nation-states have hit private institutions, including the Las Vegas Sands Corporation and Sony Corporation. We have likewise seen significant disruptive attacks targeting U.S. financial institutions, including major attacks taking place multiple times in the last five years. Most recently, of course, Russian cyber-enabled efforts targeted our elections, including the 2016 presidential election."In addition, to these destructive cyberattacks, the threat landscape is marked by massive data breaches affecting nearly every major economic sector, perhaps most prominently in the customer-facing sides of key retailers and health insurers. Most concerning is the increasing use of ransomware by organized criminal groups and small actors alike, seeking to hold data or systems hostage at a range of organizations across our nation, from hospitals to educational institutions. According to one report, the key sectors affected by ransomware include the services and manufacturing sectors, making up a combined 55% of ransomware infections."Beyond these attacks, the threat landscape includes the ongoing theft of intellectual property from U.S. companies. In this regard, it is worth noting that the same network penetrations that permit threat actors to steal data can potentially be used to disrupt networks or destroy data."The convergence of our systems and networks--whether we are talking about the increased links between industrial control systems and corporate networks or the proliferation of devices that are connected to the global network as part of the expansion of the IoT--only increases this vulnerability. An example of the practical implications of broad connectivity and convergence was the Mirai botnet turned household devices into a virtual IoT army and used them to execute a distributed denial of service attack on Dyn, a managed DNS and traffic optimization company that serves more than 3,500 enterprise customers."From a broader perspective, it is important to understand that as a free society, we are relatively vulnerable to certain asymmetric threats, most notably from terrorist attacks and cyberenabled attacks. While these two types of attacks are different in important ways, they bear certain basic similarities: Terrorist and cyber-enable attacks both are capable of having an outsized impact, where a single individual (or small group of individuals) can have a devastating effect on large numbers of people. These types of threats also are similar in the limited means available to prevent attacks in every instance. The government simply cannot be successful in stopping every small-scale terrorist attack, often carried out with little or no warning. Similarly, the government has limited capacity and authority to prevent the vast array of cyberattacks targeting our nation's private sector."Indeed, our adversaries today do not have to attack our government to have a substantive strategic effect on our nation. Attacking civilian or economic infrastructure may be a more effective approach in the modern era, particularly for asymmetric actors like sophisticate hackers and terrorist groups. Our increasing reliance on digital, connected devices means that there are ways of having similar effects without the need for the large investment needed for conventional arms. Nation-states have long sought access to the critical systems of other nations for espionage, and we now see an expansion from these traditional activities to more aggressive actions by nation-states. The number of nations that possess the capability to exploit and attack continues to grow, with little incentive to act in accordance with appropriate state-to-state behavior."Turning to the cyber threat from China, intelligence officials have repeatedly singled out China as among a small number of countries that pose the greatest cyber threats to the United States. In his Worldwide Threat Assessment this year, the Director of National Intelligence stated that, "China will continue to use cyber espionage and bolster cyber-attack capabilities to support national security priorities.""While the volume of attacks from Chinese government actors diminished after a bilateral agreement reached in 2015, intelligence officials and private sector experts continue to identify ongoing cyber activity from China. Indeed, in recent weeks, Chinese hackers have reportedly breached a U.S. Navy contractor that works for the Naval Undersea Warfare Center, stealing troves of data about submarine and undersea weapons technology. In addition, attacks in the last few months reportedly originating from China have also targeted US satellite and geospatial imaging firms, and an array of telecommunication companies. Thus, while Chinese hacking decreased after the 2015 agreement, cyber security analysts report, according to observers, that China's nation state hackers have retooled to be more stealthy and effective in their digital espionage operations, and recent attacks indicate that China is optimizing their plans to obtain valuable information."Importantly, the intelligence community has found that most of the "detected Chinese cyber operations against US private industry are focused on cleared defense contractors or IT and communications firms whose products and services support government and private sector networks worldwide." This finding, of course, is directly relevant to the Committee's assessment of the risk posed by ZTE and other Chinese-backed firms."China has focused its cyber espionage activities in a concerted effort to acquire U.S. intellectual property in order advance its economic and national security objectives. In this regard, the DNI stated this year that China "has acquired proprietary technology and early-stage ideas through cyber-enabled means." Similarly, in 2016, then-DNI James Clapper highlighted "the targeting of national security information and proprietary information from US companies and research institutions involved with defense, energy, finance, dual-use technology, and other sensitive areas" and called this effort--again principally driven by China--a "persistent threat to US interests." Former NSA Director Adm. Mike Rogers indicated that by the sheer "volume" of data taken, China is the largest cyber actor targeting the United States. Similarly, former Deputy Secretary of Defense Robert Work has testified that "we believe that Chinese actions in the cyber sphere are totally unacceptable as a nation-state," noting "we know that they have stolen information from our defense contractors."The Risk from ZTE"Zhongxing Telecommunications Equipment, known as ZTE, is one of two Chinese companies, along with Huawei, that sells equipment for cellular networks. ZTE also makes smartphones sold in developing countries, as well as in the United States. ZTE reportedly has about 75,000 employees and operates in more than 160 countries."The national security risks associated with ZTE and other Chinese-backed technology companies are well-documented. In an authoritative 2012 report, the House Intelligence Committee concluded: Private-sector entities in the United States are strongly encouraged to consider the long term security risks associated with doing business with either ZTE or Huawei for equipment or services. U.S. network providers and systems developers are strongly encouraged to seek other vendors for their projects."Based on available classified and unclassified information, Huawei and ZTE cannot be trusted to be free of foreign state influence and thus pose a security threat to the United States and to our systems."In its report, HPSCI further recommended that the United States should "view with suspicion" the continued penetration of the U.S. telecommunications by Chinese technology companies."The Committee urged: "U.S. government systems, particularly sensitive systems, should not include Huawei or ZTE equipment, including component parts. Similarly, government contractors--particularly those working on contracts for sensitive U.S. programs--should exclude ZTE or Huawei equipment in their systems.""The concerns underlying the HPSCI caution regarding ZTE were multifold: First, the Committee observed that, given the reliance of the United States on interdependent critical infrastructure systems, a disruption in telecommunication networks could have a devastating impact, causing shortages and stoppages that ripple throughout society. Second, the Committee cited the vulnerabilities--ranging from insider threats to cyber espionage--associated with foreign-sourced telecommunications supply chains used for U.S. national security applications."Finally, as the Committee found, "the U.S. government must pay particular attention to products produced by companies with ties to regimes that present the highest and most advanced espionage threats to the U.S., such as China.""More recently, intelligence leaders reaffirmed the risks that ZTE poses to U.S. national security. In February, the intelligence community heads all recommended avoiding technology products from Chinese companies, like ZTE and Huawei. As FBI Director Chris Wray testified, "We're deeply concerned about the risks of allowing any company or entity that is beholden to foreign governments that don't share our values to gain positions of power inside our telecommunications networks." Such access "provides the capacity to exert pressure or control over our telecommunications infrastructure," Wray said. "It provides the capacity to maliciously modify or steal information. And it provides the capacity to conduct undetected espionage.""Former NSA Director Michael Rogers observed, "This is a challenge I think that is only going to increase, not lessen over time for us. You need to look long and hard at companies like this.""Similarly, in April the Defense Department determined that ZTE posed an "unacceptable risk" and banned sales of ZTE cellphones on military bases. The same month, officials in the United Kingdom cautioned that using ZTE equipment was so problematic that national security concerns "cannot be mitigated.""For its part, ZTE has proven to be a particularly bad actor, flouting U.S. export control laws and deceiving regulators. In 2016, the U.S. government found that ZTE violated U.S. sanctions against Iran and North Korea, by using various U.S. components in systems it sold to those two countries. When the Commerce Department released its findings against ZTE in 2016, it disclosed evidence of the company's guilt. One document, signed by several senior ZTE executives, reportedly cautioned that American export laws were a risk because the company was selling to "all five major embargoed countries -- Iran, Sudan, North Korea, Syria and Cuba." A second company document featured details on best practices to circumvent American sanctions."In the settlement agreement with the government, ZTE admitted that the company's "senior leadership had been developing, and in fact did develop and adopt in whole or in part, a company-wide scheme to evade U.S. economic sanctions and export control laws. [ZTE's] actions were developed and approved by the highest levels of its management, and entailed the use of third-party companies to both conceal and facilitate its business with sanctioned jurisdictions, including Iran." Last year, ZTE acknowledged its guilt and paid a $1.19 billion fine."Then, in April, the Commerce Department further penalized ZTE for violating its agreement with the United States by lying to government officials both during negotiations and after the settlement. Commerce found that ZTE "engaged in an elaborate scheme to prevent disclosure to the U.S. Government, and, in fact, to affirmatively mislead the Government." The Commerce Department concluded that, "The provision of false statements to the U.S. Government, despite repeated protestations from the company that it has engaged in a sustained effort to turn the page on past misdeeds, is indicative of a company incapable of being, or unwilling to be, a reliable and trustworthy recipient of U.S.-origin goods, software, and technology." As punishment, the government prohibited U.S. technology companies from selling their products to ZTE for seven years."Finally, earlier this month, the Commerce Secretary intervened and announced a deal to lift the sanctions against ZTE. The company agreed to pay a $1 billion fine and fund a new inhouse compliance team staffed by U.S. experts. This latest agreement, however, has drawn bipartisan criticism in Congress. Last week, the Senate voted to reinstate the penalties on ZTE."And a bipartisan group of Senators released the following statement: "We're heartened that both parties made it clear that protecting American jobs and national security must come first when making deals with countries like China, which has a history of having little regard for either. It is vital that our colleagues in the House keep this bipartisan provision in the bill as it heads towards a conference.""The controversy over ZTE is dynamic and complex. From my perspective, the critical national security concern going forward is the risk that ZTE and other Chinese-backed technology firms may pose to U.S. telecommunications and other critical infrastructure--risks that Congress and the intelligence community have amply documented. Moreover, ZTE has proven to be particularly untrustworthy, as it seeks to do business in the United States and with U.S. technology companies."Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this important hearing. I look forward to your questions."Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6350239 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: June 28, 2018End of Document

EDP: Catarina Martins says that if Chinese advance is &"a particularly dangerous maneuver&"CE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 14, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 338 wordsBody       BE's coordinator Catarina Martins said Monday that the possibility of China's Three Gorges Chinese companies moving ahead with a takeover bid to take control of EDP is a "particularly dangerous move."  "How do we explain that the Portuguese state can not command energy and the Chinese state can?" This maneuver is particularly dangerous because, by already controlling the Chinese state through several companies, REN, increasing its power with EDP, increases the dependence on a foreign state, "said the leader of the bloc.  Catarina Martins, who spoke to reporters on the sidelines of a meeting with cultural agents about the creation of the Network of Theaters and Cineteatros that this afternoon took place at Rivoli Teatro Municipal, in Porto, said that this situation "proves the hypocrisy of European legislation."  "The strategic sectors of the economy must have public control and nothing more proves the hypocrisy of European legislation than what is happening with EDP because it says that Portugal can not own its own energy, but the Chinese state can already, he said, stressing that "strategic sectors of the economy should be public."  "It was a mistake to privatize energy. What we should be thinking about now is how we make it public again," concluded the BE leader.  China's Chinese Three Gorges announced on Friday their intention to press ahead with a takeover bid to take control of EDP six years after the company's share capital.  Meanwhile, Bloomberg said today that EDP - Energias de Portugal is preparing to reject the takeover bid that China Three Gorges has announced it will launch, claiming that the proposed value is low.  China Three Gorges, founded in 1993 to build and manage the world's largest hydroelectric project in central China, is directly overseen by the Chinese Government, like most major companies in the country.  In its official portal, China Three Gorges presents itself as "the largest hydroelectric power plant in the world and the leading Chinese group in clean energy." Load-Date: May 14, 2018End of Document

China is holding up a $44 billion US tech dealCNN WireApril 19, 2018 Thursday 3:02 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 448 wordsByline: By Rishi IyengarDateline: NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) BodyNEW DELHI (CNNMoney) --  China is standing in the way of an American computer chip maker completing the second-biggest technology deal in history. Qualcomm's proposed $44 billion takeover of NXP Semiconductors is being held up by the Chinese government, whose regulatory approval is needed for the deal to go through. China's Ministry of Commerce said Thursday that Qualcomm needs to do more to ensure its takeover of NXP won't give it an unfair advantage over rivals.It said that measures proposed by the San Diego-based company to tackle antitrust concerns "can hardly solve relevant market competition issues." The deal, first announced in October 2016, has been approved by regulators in eight other jurisdictions including the European Union and South Korea. Only China has not yet cleared it on antitrust grounds. Qualcomm, which makes smartphone components for Apple, Samsung and big Chinese firms such as Huawei and ZTE, resubmitted its application to Chinese authorities earlier this week, the Commerce Ministry said. The companies have now agreed to extend the deadline to complete the deal by three months to July 25, after which Qualcomm will pay NXP "termination compensation" of $2 billion if it hasn't received all regulatory approvals. This isn't the first big deal involving Qualcomm to be stalled by US-China tensions. President Donald Trump last month blocked a $117 billion takeover of the company by Singapore-based rival Broadcom, arguing that it could help China to beat the US in developing 5G technology. Those tensions, particularly on trade, have escalated in recent days. Earlier this week, the Trump administration banned one of China's biggest tech companies, ZTE, from buying parts from American companies, including Qualcomm. The US Commerce Department accused ZTE of lying about punishing executives who had flouted US sanctions against North Korea and Iran. The tech industry has become a key battleground in the trade fight between the world's two largest economies. The US cited alleged Chinese theft of US intellectual property as justification for threatening tariffs on Chinese goods worth $50 billion. President Donald Trump has also threatened to target Chinese products worth an additional $100 billion. The tariff tit-for-tat escalated this week, with China slapping a 179% charge on US shipments of sorghum, a grain used to make a popular Chinese liquor. China has already imposed tariffs on US goods worth $3 billion and says it could target US exports worth another $50 billion. -- CNN's Julia Horowitz Serenitie Wang and Daniel Shane contributed to this reportTM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 20, 2018End of Document

China is holding up a $44 billion US tech dealCNNMoney.comApril 19, 2018 Thursday 11:02 AM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: TECHNOLOGYLength: 428 wordsByline: Rishi IyengarBodyChina is standing in the way of an American computer chip maker completing the second-biggest technology deal in history.Qualcomm's proposed $44 billion takeover of NXP Semiconductors is being held up by the Chinese government, whose regulatory approval is needed for the deal to go through.China's Ministry of Commerce said Thursday that Qualcomm needs to do more to ensure its takeover of NXP won't give it an unfair advantage over rivals.It said that measures proposed by the San Diego-based company to tackle antitrust concerns "can hardly solve relevant market competition issues."The deal, first announced in October 2016, has been approved by regulators in eight other jurisdictions including the European Union and South Korea. Only China has not yet cleared it on antitrust grounds.Qualcomm, which makes smartphone components for Apple, Samsung and big Chinese firms such as Huawei and ZTE, resubmitted its application to Chinese authorities earlier this week, the Commerce Ministry said.The companies have now agreed to extend the deadline to complete the deal by three months to July 25, after which Qualcomm will pay NXP "termination compensation" of $2 billion if it hasn't received all regulatory approvals.This isn't the first big deal involving Qualcomm to be stalled by US-China tensions. President Donald Trump last month blocked a $117 billion takeover of the company by Singapore-based rival Broadcom, arguing that it could help China to beat the US in developing 5G technology.Those tensions, particularly on trade, have escalated in recent days.Earlier this week, the Trump administration banned one of China's biggest tech companies, ZTE, from buying parts from American companies, including Qualcomm. The US Commerce Department accused ZTE of lying about punishing executives who had flouted US sanctions against North Korea and Iran.The tech industry has become a key battleground in the trade fight between the world's two largest economies. The US cited alleged Chinese theft of US intellectual property as justification for threatening tariffs on Chinese goods worth $50 billion. President Donald Trump has also threatened to target Chinese products worth an additional $100 billion.The tariff tit-for-tat escalated this week, with China slapping a 179% charge on US shipments of sorghum, a grain used to make a popular Chinese liquor. China has already imposed tariffs on US goods worth $3 billion and says it could target US exports worth another $50 billion.-- CNN's Julia Horowitz Serenitie Wang and Daniel Shane contributed to this reportLoad-Date: April 20, 2018End of Document

Dow futures dive almost 500 points as China plans tariffs on more than 100 US productsBusiness Insider USApril 4, 2018 Wednesday 07:32 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 720 wordsByline: feedback@businessinsider.com,  (Will Martin)Highlight: State TV in China reports that Beijing will levy tariffs on over 100 products traded with the USA.BodyGetty• Global markets rocked as China retaliates against US tariffs announced on Tuesday evening.• State TV in China reports that Beijing will levy tariffs on more than 100 products traded with the USA.• Measures will include a 25% tariff on soybeans, automobiles and chemicals, according to reports.• US stock futures plunge, while several European indices lose more than 1% in morning trade.• President Trump responds to China's tariffs by tweeting that the USA is "not in a trade war with China."Global markets are diving on Wednesday after reports that China plans to retaliate against the US in an escalating trade conflict between the two nations.China plans to impose tariffs on more than 100 different American products with a trading value of over $50 billion, swiftly firing back at the USA just hours after the Trump administration made similar proposals.According to Bloomberg, 106 US products are affected, including a 25% tariff on soybeans, automobiles and chemicals. Beijing's proposed levies will impact goods worth $50 billion per year.The news has spooked investors, with futures markets in the USA, as well as major European indices, and commodities impacted by the tariffs, tumbling. Here's the scoreboard of key assets as of around 12.30 p.m. BST (7.30 a.m. ET):• Dow Jones futures - down 1.99% indicating an open of 23,555 (down 480 points)• Nasdaq 100 futures - down 1.8% indicating an open of 6,341 (down 117 points)• S&P 500 futures - down 1.5% indicating an open of 2,575 (down 39 points)• Soybean futures - down 4.67% to $9.90• Germany's DAX stock index - down 1.42% at 11,834 points.China's government had effectively pre-announced the measures earlier on Wednesday, with China's Commerce Ministry saying in a statement earlier in the day that it would "soon take measures of equal intensity and scale against US goods."Zhang Xiangchen, the Chinese ambassador to the World Trade Organisation urged members to "join with China in firmly resisting U.S. protectionism," according to Reuters. China's move comes less than 24 hours after the US announced an initial list of the products that will be subject to roughly $50 billion in new tariffs planned by President Trump.US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer unveiled the list, which includes a wide array of products including raw materials, construction machinery, agricultural equipment, electronics, medical devices, and consumer goods.The 25% tariff will apply to roughly $50 billion worth of goods coming from China. The tariffs are the result of an investigation by the trade representative into the Chinese government's alleged theft of intellectual property.The USA's proposed tariffs target specific industries that China identified as part of its Made in China 2025 plan - an initiative being undertaken by the Chinese government to "comprehensively upgrade Chinese industry."WTO ambassador Xiangchen said that the moves were "an intentional and gross violation of the WTO's fundamental principles of non-discrimination and bound tariffs."Beijing's move is the latest in an escalating trade battle between the world's two biggest economies, a skirmish that many fear could lead to a full scale trade war - something which is widely expected to negatively impact global economic growth.Last month, analysts at Australian bank Macquarie argued that in the scenario of a "full trade war" the US would enter a recession in 2019, while unemployment would more than double from current levels.However, soon after midday in London, President Trump tweeted to say that the USA is "not in a trade war with China.""We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!" - he wrote.NOW WATCH: Wall Street is divided over whether stocks can storm back from their latest meltdownSee Also:• The 50 best-selling music artists of all time• The Air Force's 'rods from god' could hit with the force of a nuclear weapon - with no fallout• Trump and California are about to go to war over auto MPGs - and carmakers are caught in the middleSEE ALSO: Trump rolls out a massive list of $50 billion worth of Chinese products that will face new tariffsLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

Chinese online payments giant could be worth $150 billionCNN WireApril 11, 2018 Wednesday 8:16 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 512 wordsByline: By Sherisse PhamDateline: HONG KONG (CNNMoney) BodyHONG KONG (CNNMoney) --  Jack Ma has already taken public one company worth more than $150 billion. It looks like he's trying to do it again.The Chinese tech tycoon's online payments company, Ant Financial, is preparing to raise billions of dollars from investors that would value the business at $150 billion before an initial public offering, according to multiple reports.Ant's parent company Alibaba -- also co-founded by Ma -- was valued at $168 billion when it went public on the New York Stock Exchange in 2014. It's now worth more than $445 billion.Best known for its mobile payment platform Alipay, Ant Financial is battling Tencent's WeChat Pay to be the platform of choice for hundreds of millions of Chinese shoppers.In China, everything from laptops to street food is bought using mobile payment apps. Ant -- which also has a money market fund app and a credit scoring business -- has been expanding its payments services around the world.The company is seeking to raise at least $8 billion to $10 billion from investors, according to reports by The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg and Reuters that cited unidentified sources. A spokesperson for Ant declined to comment on its efforts to raise more money.Investors are extremely eager to invest in Ant, according to Kenny Liew, an analyst with BMI Research. A fresh round of funding would allow Ant "to seek an even better valuation when it eventually goes for the IPO later in the year," Liew said. The largest tech listing of the year so far is Spotify, which was valued at around $30 billion when it went public last week. That would be eclipsed by the $150 billion valuation that Ant is reportedly seeking. A spokesman for Ant said the company does not have a timetable for an IPO. Ant's soaring valuation is a reflection of the rapid rise of mobile payments across Asia.The company has struck deals with mobile payment platforms like Kakao Pay in South Korea, Paytm in India, GCash in the Philippines and Dana in Indonesia. Ant will likely use new funds to continue its international expansion with the aim of dominating "the mobile payment markets in countries where mobile payments are nascent," Liew said. The company also has an eye on Chinese travelers, many of whom don't have credit cards and are accustomed to using mobile payment apps. That has spurred US companies like Sheraton Hotels and Uber to take Alipay. More than 8 million brick-and-mortar stores in China and 120,000 retail outlets across the world already accept Alipay. Ant recently suffered a setback in its efforts to increase its presence in the United States, however. The company walked away from its bid to buy MoneyGram after the deal failed to get approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. US lawmakers had criticized the takeover, saying it would allow the Chinese government to gain access to US financial markets. Ant said at the time that the company is "neither owned nor controlled by the Chinese government."TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 12, 2018End of Document

Chinese online payments giant could be worth $150 billionCNNMoney.comApril 10, 2018 Tuesday 4:16 AM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: TECHNOLOGYLength: 492 wordsByline: Sherisse PhamBodyJack Ma has already taken public one company worth more than $150 billion. It looks like he's trying to do it again.The Chinese tech tycoon's online payments company, Ant Financial, is preparing to raise billions of dollars from investors that would value the business at $150 billion before an initial public offering, according to multiple reports.Ant's parent company Alibaba -- also co-founded by Ma -- was valued at $168 billion when it went public on the New York Stock Exchange in 2014. It's now worth more than $445 billion.Best known for its mobile payment platform Alipay, Ant Financial is battling Tencent's WeChat Pay to be the platform of choice for hundreds of millions of Chinese shoppers.In China, everything from laptops to street food is bought using mobile payment apps.Ant -- which also has a money market fund app and a credit scoring business -- has been expanding its payments services around the world.The company is seeking to raise at least $8 billion to $10 billion from investors, according to reports by The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg and Reuters that cited unidentified sources. A spokesperson for Ant declined to comment on its efforts to raise more money.Investors are extremely eager to invest in Ant, according to Kenny Liew, an analyst with BMI Research.A fresh round of funding would allow Ant "to seek an even better valuation when it eventually goes for the IPO later in the year," Liew said.The largest tech listing of the year so far is Spotify, which was valued at around $30 billion when it went public last week. That would be eclipsed by the $150 billion valuation that Ant is reportedly seeking.A spokesman for Ant said the company does not have a timetable for an IPO.Ant's soaring valuation is a reflection of the rapid rise of mobile payments across Asia.The company has struck deals with mobile payment platforms like Kakao Pay in South Korea, Paytm in India, GCash in the Philippines and Dana in Indonesia.Ant will likely use new funds to continue its international expansion with the aim of dominating "the mobile payment markets in countries where mobile payments are nascent," Liew said.The company also has an eye on Chinese travelers, many of whom don't have credit cards and are accustomed to using mobile payment apps. That has spurred US companies like Sheraton Hotels and Uber to take Alipay.More than 8 million brick-and-mortar stores in China and 120,000 retail outlets across the world already accept Alipay.Ant recently suffered a setback in its efforts to increase its presence in the United States, however.The company walked away from its bid to buy MoneyGram after the deal failed to get approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. US lawmakers had criticized the takeover, saying it would allow the Chinese government to gain access to US financial markets.Ant said at the time that the company is "neither owned nor controlled by the Chinese government."Load-Date: April 12, 2018End of Document

NEW AMERICA'S DIGICHINA AND HARVARD-MIT AI INITIATIVE PARTNER TO ADVANCE UNDERSTANDING OF CHINA'S AI POLICIESStates News ServiceJune 20, 2018 WednesdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 850 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, D.C. BodyThe following information was released by the New America Foundation:Today, New America and the Ethics and Governance of Artificial Intelligence Initiative (AI Initiative), a project of MIT's Media Lab and Harvard University's Berkman Klein Center, formed a new partnership to strengthen international understanding of Chinese artificial intelligence policies and developments.The AI Initiative will contribute $250,000 to support the work of New America's DigiChina project, a collaborative effort to translate, analyze, and contextualize Chinese digital policy developments.New America President and CEO Anne-Marie Slaughter said:"Understanding dramatic developments in artificial intelligence and other technologies is essential to New America's mission to renew America for the 21st century. Not all of that new technology will be created in the United States, so understanding China's technology policy and development efforts will be critical. Yet the language barrier and unique characteristics of China's system make it difficult for the international community to take important developments into account. Along with Harvard's Berkman Klein Center and the MIT Media Lab, New America's DigiChina team will have an opportunity to build on its early success in broadening discussions and understanding of Chinese AI and digital policy."DigiChina, which published its first work in July 2017, emerged organically from a group of scholars and analysts on technology in China and has so far published translations and analysis by 12 scholars from 10 different organizations.AI Initiative Executive Director Tim Hwang said:"Translation is powerful. DigiChina has been doing crucial work to open China's AI and machine learning policy discourse to an international readership. We believe an accurate understanding of trends in China is critical for productive conversations on the international development of AI, and we are excited to be taking this forward in partnership with New America."In 2017, DigiChina published the first complete English-language translation of China's New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan, which lays out ambitions for AI development and policy stretching to 2030. See below for links to other work so far on AI-related issues.DigiChina Coordinating Editor Graham Webster said:"With China home to so much of the world's development and deployment of AI technologies, global efforts to address ethics and policies surrounding AI have to reckon with what's going on in China's policy world. The choices Chinese regulators and companies make on AI-related policies, from personal privacy to national security, will have effects in tech and policy communities worldwide."Links to DigiChina's AI-focused work so far:China's Plan to 'Lead' in AI: Purpose, Prospects, and Problems (including a full translation of China's "New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan")Translation: Chinese government outlines AI ambitions through 2020From Riding a Wave to Full Steam Ahead: As China's Government Mobilizes for AI Leadership, Some Challenges Will Be Tougher Than OthersChinese Interests Take a Big Seat at the AI Governance Table: Government and Industry Team to Shape Emerging AI Standards-Setting ProcessTranslation: Excerpts from China's 'White Paper on Artificial Intelligence Standardization'About the AI Initiative: The Ethics and Governance of AI Initiative is a hybrid research effort and philanthropic fund that seeks to ensure that technologies of automation and machine learning are researched, developed, and deployed in a way which vindicate social values of fairness, human autonomy, and justice. The Initiative is a joint project of the MIT Media Lab and the Harvard Berkman Klein Center for Internet and Society. It incubates a range of research, prototyping, and advocacy activities within these two anchor institutions and across the broader ecosystem of civil society. More at https://aiethicsinitiative.org/.About DigiChina: The DigiChina project, housed in New America's Cybersecurity Initiative, is a collaborative effort to understand China's digital policy developments, primarily through translating and analyzing Chinese-language sources. How the Chinese state and society deploy and use digital technologies is increasingly consequential for governance, markets, and security around the world. From laws and regulations to published commentaries from policymakers and corporate strategies, China's public sphere provides a great deal of insight into what's happening and why. DigiChina contributors, working collaboratively with industry and policy experts around the globe, work innovatively to bring that insight to an international audience and better inform important debates and decisions. More at https://www.newamerica.org/cybersecurity-initiative/digichina/About New America: We are dedicated to renewing America by continuing the quest to realize our nation's highest ideals, honestly confronting the challenges caused by rapid technological and social change, and seizing the opportunities those changes create.Load-Date: July 17, 2018End of Document

Chinese tourists spend 130 million euros in Portugal in 2017CE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 18, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 446 wordsBody       "This is a very appreciable figure that contributes to our balance of payments in a very positive way," Luís Filipe Silva, a member of the Board of Directors of Turismo de Portugal, told Lusa. Chinese tourists spent 130 million euros on Portugal last year, a year-on-year growth of 40%, which is catching the attention of Portuguese retailers, said Tourism Portugal source.  "This is a very appreciable figure that contributes to our balance of payments in a very positive way," Luís Filipe Silva, a member of the Board of Directors of Turismo de Portugal, told Lusa.  "The Chinese tourist, in addition to the culture, heritage and gastronomy, highly value the shopping experience," he noted.  Filipe Silva spoke on the sidelines of the ITB China tourism fair, which ended today in Shanghai, the economic "capital" of China, and counted on almost 20 participants from Portugal, including Freeport, whose shopping centers in Lisbon and Vila do Conde gather dozens of luxury brands.  "It's a market that we're very much looking forward to," said José Iglesia, who is responsible for promoting Freeport tourism abroad. "The Chinese are the tourists with the most appetites for shopping," he said.  In the case of Freeport Lisboa Fashion Outlet, the Chinese are already the third largest customers, after Brazilians and Angolans, causing the organization to adapt to respond.  "We currently have Chinese-speaking staff and we were the first to make payments through Unionpay [Chinese leading company in electronic payment systems]," said Church.  In 2017, the number of Chinese who visited Portugal rose by 40.7% to 256,735, according to data from the Portuguese authorities, which attribute the increase to the opening of the direct air link between China and Portugal.  In the first six months since the flight opened last July 26, occupancy rate was over 80 percent, according to a source from Chinese airline Capital Airlines, which is responsible for the air link.  "It's exceptional," commented Filipe Silva. "The company's objective now is to increase the frequency of the flight," he said.  The flight currently has three frequencies a week, between the city of Hangzhou, on the east coast of China, and Lisbon, with a stop in Beijing.  China is already the world's largest emitter of tourists, and according to the Chinese Government, 129 million Chinese travel abroad in 2017, 5.7% more than in the previous year.  China is the most populous country in the world, with about 1.4 billion people.  Capital Airlines is one of the subsidiaries of the Chinese group HNA, indirect shareholder of TAP, through the consortium Atlantic Gateway and the Brazilian company Azul. Load-Date: May 18, 2018End of Document

Cultivating the future of cross-border innovation collaboration: VestLink's Xinno (Cross-Innovation) Week leverages the power of Seattle tech hub to make China inroads for local startupsPR NewswireMay 15, 2018 Tuesday 12:00 PM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1342 wordsDateline: SEATTLE, May 15, 2018 BodyVestLink, a Seattle-based innovation platform, kicked off its inaugural 2018 Cross-Border Innovation (Xinno) Week on Sunday with an open-to-the-public Opening Day featuring the best of tech talent, entrepreneurs and investors from across the Pacific North-West and China to discuss emerging technology trends such as AI, Machine Learning, IoT, Blockchain, EdTech, HealthTech and FinTech.VestLink is a platform for connecting Seattle-based global innovators with the China market. Founder and CEO Amy Du says there are logistic and cultural challenges involved in fostering collaboration between US and Chinese companies and their aim is to bridge these gaps:"We need to bring these partners onto the same platform, into the same room, for them to have a mini conversation and the goal for that conversation is not to just meet and greet, but to become a starting point for people to explore interest and then have the opportunity to follow up and foster real partnership and real investment and that's why we created Xinno Week."Seattle's population is one of the fastest growing in the US. San Francisco for its part lost 24,000 people, many of whom simply jumped ship and headed north to The Emerald City. The US Census revealed that from 2016 to 2017 Seattle was the only metropolitan center north of the Sunbelt to have more people moving in than leaving.People came for more affordable living, a better lifestyle, but more pertinently, they came to work in tech.Of all new office jobs created in Seattle over the past two years, 69% have been in tech. IBM, Intel, Google, Apple - they're all here. China's big players - Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent - have all followed suit. In an era of growing cross-border innovation and collaboration, Chinese firms are now coming to Seattle too, to recruit, collaborate, invest, and acquire.VestLink CEO Amy Du experienced this all first hand when she became one of the very first consultants at Chinese systems integrator Digital China to be sent to Seattle to assist Microsoft. Through her connections on both sides of the Pacific, Amy introduced a local startup to one of China's biggest IT consulting firms iSoftStone; iSoftStone later acquired the startup and set up its US HQ in Seattle, where Amy ultimately took up the role of Vice-President, Worldwide Services.Yet in promoting China-Seattle collaboration and investment, Seattle needs to do more than overcome cultural differences; they must compete for attention with Silicon Valley's decades-long history as a high-tech hub.VestLink was created to fill this gap in Seattle. It now runs its own co-working space and incubation center designed specifically for startups with an interest in China. It also welcomes Chinese company, government or investment delegations almost every other week to host events and connect with local entrepreneurs.In education and research, Seattle finds itself locked in a similar scenario. University of Washington (UW) with its world-class computer science faculty still generates far less companies from its graduate pool than does Stanford.Still, UW's in-house incubator program Co-Motion recently partnered with Beijing's prestigious Tsinghua University to co-launch the Global Innovation Exchange in the first-ever case of an official Chinese educational institution setting up its own brand abroad. In total, Co-Motion has produced 81 startup companies since 2013. It all points to a very encouraging trend in Seattle-China innovation collaboration.Just last year, Amazon in cooperation with United Innovation Services (UIS) opened their Qingdao-AWS Joint Innovation Center in China to promote AWS cloud services application in the market and provide startups with technical training and funding support.Vice-President of Amazon Web Services (AWS) Dorothy Nicholls is the tech giant's highest ranking Chinese employee. She says Amazon represents a great case study of a company that entered China over ten years ago yet is still transforming today and finding their identity in the China market:"So we ask ourselves: what do we want to be? What's our strength to the Chinese consumers? You really have to take a step back. I think the bottom line for me... here is a US company trying to appeal to consumers in China, and we really have to figure out what's our differentiation and what model we can have that's defensible, that cannot be easily copied."Dorothy joined a group of more than 30 speakers and panelists present on Xinno Opening Day, including senior executives of 12 unicorns, to discuss the trends of cross-border collaboration."My team and I are looking to promote the technology and culture of the City of Jinan, and to attract local talents and companies here in Seattle to the city," says Zhaocun Xie, chief executive of Lixia District in Jinan, who signed the contract with VestLink Group to establish the "Seattle Cross-border Innovation and Collaboration Center" on Xinno Opening Day. Bin Yin, CEO of UIS, a China-based incubator and fund which oversees the operations of over 20 science and technology parks located both in China and the US, is also participating in the week-long event.Two more participants were Doctors Xuchen Yao and GuoGuo Chen, cofounders and former CEO and CTO respectively of Kitt.ai. PhD graduates at John Hopkins, Yao and Chen (both Chinese nationals) decided to move to Seattle to found their own startup; there they enrolled in the Allen Institute for AI where they developed a framework to build and power chat bots and voice-based applications. Within only a couple of years, the company was acquired by Baidu, which then went on to open its local R&D center. Amy Du says that for firms wanting to strengthen their competitive advantages in technologies like AI and Machine Learning, this "makes sense"; the best way being to set up an R&D center, the quickest to acquire a creditable local firm.Yao and Chen represent just two instances of a huge influx of Chinese students that now accounts for a massive 50% of Seattle's entire international student body. 3.4% of the population speak Chinese. China's FDI (foreign direct investment) into the city continues to grow. More signs that Seattle is well set to facilitate further collaboration with Chinese companies.VestLink has flown out investment partners from China and the Bay area for Xinno Week. Eight local startups, selected on the basis of their significant traction and interest in building cross-border collaboration with China will also be pitching to these US and China-based investors.About Xinno WeekXinno Week provides a platform for entrepreneurs, innovators, business and industry leaders to connect and gain valuable insights of technology and investment trends in both the US and China markets, to discuss emerging opportunities and foster future partnerships and collaboration. The event is jointly hosted by the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Washington State (CCCWA), VestLink, MSUP and the Chinese Young Professionals Association (CYPA). Xinno Week kicks off in Seattle this Sunday 13 May.About VestLinkVestLink is a leading platform for connecting global innovators with the China market. Entrepreneurs, angel investors and venture capitalists are able to leverage VestLink's large and rapidly growing network of startups and innovators to connect with investment opportunities in AI, Machine Learning, Big Data, IoT, CloudTech, HealthTech, FinTech, EdTech, RetailTech, smart cities and AR/VR. Its Seattle-based incubation center and co-working space, supported by its consulting expertise and team of seasoned mentors, creates an environment to accelerate startup growth with a unique focus on cross-border business and collaboration.Please visithttps://www.xinnoweek.org/ for more information. View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cultivating-the-future-of-cross-border-innovation-collaboration-vestlinks-xinno-cross-innovation-week-leverages-the-power-of-seattle-tech-hub-to-make-china-inroads-for-local-startups-300648737.htmlSOURCE VestLinkCONTACT: Marketing@vestlink.io, Shibei Ding, 352-665-3873Load-Date: May 16, 2018End of Document

CHINESE AMBASSADOR ATTENDS ESTONIAN ASIA FORUMStates News ServiceApril 24, 2018 TuesdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 410 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: BEIJING, China BodyThe following information was released by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China:From Chinese Embassy in EstoniaOn 18 April, the Estonian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Chamber of Commerce and industry co-organized a Asia forum. Chinese Ambassador Li Chao was invited to the event and deliver a speech. More than 100 representatives from Estonia's ICT, audio, electronic bicycles, log house enterprises took part in the forum.In his opening remarks, Ambassador Li gave an overview of the historical achievements made by China in the past 40 years of reform and opening up, and noted that Chinese government had doubled its effort in reform and opening-up to be adapted to the"new normal"over the past 5 years. As a result, the structure of Chinese economy has seen major transformation. "With the share of the service sector rising from 45% to 52% of the economy, consumption's contribution to growth has increased from 54% to 59%, becoming the main driver of growth. Our investment in RandD has grown at an average annual rate of 11%, ranking second in the world in scale. In high-speed rail, e-commerce, mobile payments and sharing economy, we are leading the world ", said the Ambassador. He also committed that China will adhere to its basic national policy of reform and opening-up, share opportunities of its development, join hands with everyone to forge a global community for a shared future.The Ambassador was satisfied with the trade and investment cooperation between China and Estonia in recent years and said the Belt and Road Initiative, which Estonia officially joined last year, as well as the signed two MOUs on e-commerce and digital cooperation provided new opportunities for businesses of both countries. He hoped Estonian business communities would understand China in the new era, seize the opportunities offered by an open China. "We are pleased to welcome everyone aboard the fast train of China's development", he said.Undersecretary of Economic and Development Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Mr. Vino Reinart said in his address that given the fact that trade between Estonia and Asia accounts for only 5% of Estonia's foreign trade, huge potentials are to be expected in the future. He suggested Estonian entrepreneurs establish closer ties with Asia as their neighboring Nordic countries do, including standing ready to actively participate in China's Belt and Road Initiative.Load-Date: April 25, 2018End of Document

How Bad Is Facebook's New China Problem?Atlantic OnlineJune 6, 2018 WednesdayCopyright 2018 Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1037 wordsByline: Alexis C. MadrigalBodyAnother shoe dropped in the New York Times investigation of Facebook's deals with phone makers across the world: A Chinese connection emerged, touching the data scandal to the politically electric topic of the United States' biggest economic rival.Beginning in 2007, Facebook cut deals with            60 phone manufacturers to put versions of the service onto their devices, and among those companies were four Chinese manufacturers, including Huawei, which            U.S. intelligence services           have repeatedly           linked to the Chinese government. Earlier this year, the heads of the NSA, FBI, and CIA            warned against using Huawei phones.Also in 2007, Bain Capital, the U.S. networking company 3com, and Huawei proposed a multibillion-dollar deal, only to be scuppered by U.S. officials            over security concerns. That is to say, this was a concern Facebook knew or should have known even back in the era when these deals were negotiated.Facebook            maintains that Huawei stored Facebook data locally on devices, and did not send it to the company's own servers, where presumably it would have been more open to collection by Chinese authorities.Senators            Marco Rubio and            Mark Warner both voiced their displeasure over the revelation. Even before the new Times story came out, Warner, who has been tussling with Facebook for the past year, had already pointed out that Chinese companies were probably among the 60 device manufacturers that Facebook cut deals with to develop versions of their service for those phones. "I believe it's a serious danger,"            he said. "I've been disappointed we've not gotten a straight answer." Warner tweeted that he wanted "the whole story, now, not six months from now."At the same time, the Trump administration            reportedly is close to cutting a deal with another Chinese phone maker, ZTE, to return to the U.S. market, after the United States says it violated trade embargoes with North Korea and Iran.Given the tensions between the United States and China, the dominance of the two countries' technology firms, and the size of their markets, it's no surprise that their governments are fighting for power in this realm.While some American technology companies have taken more or less principled stands on the Chinese market because of the ethical dilemmas the government poses,            American technology companies still made more than $100 billion there last year. Chinese factories assemble the most valuable American companies' products, with Apple the most notable among them.Certainly, it looks bad for Facebook to have made and kept these agreements with Huawei. It calls to mind the            memo that the senior executive Andrew Bosworth wrote (           and later disavowed) about the company's growth, in which he pondered what the company might have to do to break into the Chinese market."We connect people. Period. That's why all the work we do in growth is justified. All the questionable contact-importing practices," he wrote. "All the subtle language that helps people stay searchable by friends. All of the work we do to bring more communication in. The work we will likely have to do in China some day. All of it."At the same time, it's worth thinking through who would likely have been affected by any data flow that resulted from the deal that Facebook cut. "This could be a very big problem," tweeted Marco Rubio, for example. "If @Facebook granted Huawei special access to social data of Americans this might as well have given it directly to the government of #China."But how many Americans might we be talking about?Huawei is            roughly tied with Apple as the second-largest smartphone maker in the world with            around 10 percent of global market share. Its            largest business remains selling networking equipment, which positions the company slightly differently from any U.S. company. Huawei is built like a combination of Qualcomm (wireless networking equipment), Cisco (networking infrastructure), and Apple (consumer devices).Most of the company's sales come from China. The company has basically no market share in the United States, but            as a 2017 Forbes article noted, the company's phones are now popular in many European countries including Finland, Italy, Poland, Spain, Germany, and France. Right now, it's unclear if the company's new smartphones operate with the technical tools and under the agreements referenced in the Times reporting. Given the heat that Facebook has faced in Europe, the latest revelations probably won't make things any easier for the company in Brussels.From the            Times reporting, we know that the devices were able to pull Facebook data on friends and friends of friends, which could lead one device to capturing some data on            hundreds of thousands of people. Huawei's market share was much, much lower in the days when these agreements were cut, so we don't know how many phones currently in use would be affected by any possible data flow. But given that there are Americans who have long been connected to people in China and Europe and other markets with Huawei phones, it's probable that the Huawei devices could have accessed some American data at some point. No one can yet say how many Americans could even hypothetically be in the widest possible ring of affected people.It's worth asking how significant that data might be, too. At the friends level, devices could work through a Facebook account to pull a lot of information about someone's connections. At the friends of friends level, the devices were pulling only the existence of the friends and those users' Facebook IDs.In the latter case, no data would be better than some data, but it's not highly sensitive or valuable information, and I can't imagine that the Chinese authorities would be salivating over it, nor would this be their only means to obtain such information.Given all this, and given that it almost certainly was going to come out after Sunday's Times report, it's surprising to me that Facebook did not just admit that the Chinese companies, particularly Huawei, were among the manufacturers that it had cut deals with. If nothing else, their reticence adds to the sense expressed by Congressional leaders (and just about everyone else) that maybe Facebook is not always completely forthcoming about its problems.Load-Date: June 7, 2018End of Document

Emboldened China - and its webizens - telling foreign firms to fall in line; China has increased pressure on international companies to use Beijing-approved language for areas it considers its sovereign territory, such as Tibet and Taiwan. A nationalistic consumer market makes those orders hard to ignore.The Christian Science MonitorMay 11, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 Christian Science Publishing Society All Rights ReservedSection: WorldLength: 1147 wordsByline: Michael Holtz Staff writerBodyFor Mercedes-Benz, it was quoting the Dalai Lama in an Instagram post. For Marriott, it was referring to Tibet and Taiwan as countries in an online customer survey. And for 36 international airlines, it was listing Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau as separate from China on the companies' websites.Over the last several months, China has gone on the offensive against foreign companies that have, in one way or another, contravened the government's position on long-standing territorial disputes. Government officials and internet users have been especially quick to lash out against any hint of support for an independent Taiwan: a self-ruled island that Beijing considers a breakaway province, and has increasingly tried to isolate on the international stage.While the United States and Australia have started to push back - the White House accused the Chinese government of "Orwellian nonsense" in a recent statement on the airlines issue - analysts say China is emboldened by its growing economic and geopolitical influence. And with the support of nationalistic consumers, Beijing has made clear that companies who resist its political demands do so at their own risk.Chinese consumers have proven to be a potent force when harnessed by Beijing. In 2012, Chinese nationalists smashed Japanese stores and boycotted Japanese cars because of a dispute over the Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea. Last year, they boycotted the South Korean retailer Lotte for providing land in South Korea for a US missile defense system. After being forced to close more than 80 of its stores, Lotte announced that it planned to pull out of the country altogether. Geng Shuang, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in a May 6 statement that foreign companies operating in China "should respect China's sovereignty and territorial integrity, abide by Chinese laws and respect the national feelings of the Chinese people." Left unsaid was the role that online nationalists - partially inspired by President Xi Jinping's rhetoric about "national rejuvenation" - have played in not only responding to Beijing's cues, but drawing attention to perceived offenses and pushing the government to act. That nationalism is palpable in tens of thousands of comments on Weibo, a microblogging site, where the US Embassy in Beijing shared the White House statement."You need to follow our rules if you want to do business here," wrote one Weibo user. "If you can't, get out."Risky businessThe consequences can be severe for foreign companies caught out of step with Beijing's official position. In January, regulators ordered Marriott to close its China-based website and app for one week. Marriott later apologized and pledged that it did not support separatism in China. The company took down the survey and ended its contract with the Canadian firm that wrote it.Other companies, including the German carmaker Daimler, which owns Mercedes-Benz, have also publicly apologized and removed sensitive online content in response to similar incidents. Many seem to have calculated that doing so is simply the cost of doing business in China. To refuse is to risk triggering a more serious backlash. The Chinese internet users who first brought attention to the Marriott survey, for example, called for a boycott of the company.Galvanized by the Marriott case, Chinese internet users began searching online for other offenders. They quickly found that Delta Air Lines and the fashion brand Zara had also listed Taiwan and Tibet as countries on their websites. The two companies apologized and updated their sites after being rebuked by Chinese authorities. (Delta still lists Taiwan separately from the mainland, however.)So far, most foreign companies have acquiesced to Beijing's demands for fear of missing out on one of the world's largest consumer markets. But Jessica Chen Weiss, an associate professor of government at Cornell University who studies Chinese foreign policy and nationalism, says in an email that the recent episode involving the 36 airlines could turn out differently."While individual companies such as Marriott and Mercedes have apologized, likely to preserve their appeal to Chinese customers, the Chinese government's direct involvement this time may backfire," Dr. Weiss says, referring to a letter the Civil Aviation Administration of China sent to the companies. "By drawing public attention to what the White House has called 'Orwellian nonsense', US airlines face counter pressure to stand firm against Beijing's unreasonable demands."American Airlines and United Airlines, two of the 36 companies that received the letter, have so far refused Beijing's order. If they continue to hold out, the question is how China will respond. The Civil Aviation Administration of China has reportedly threatened to enact various administrative penalties against airlines that fail to comply. Then there is the risk of boycotts, which could be devastating. By 2022, China is expected to surpass the US as the world's largest air travel market, according to the International Air Transport Association.Target: TaiwanThe order against the airlines comes as China ratchets up military and diplomatic pressure on Taiwan. The Chinese Navy held live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait last month. And last week, the Dominican Republic announced that it was severing diplomatic relations with Taiwan in favor of recognizing China, leaving the island with only 19 diplomatic allies."Often these pressure campaigns have been spearheaded by angry netizens," Weiss says, referring to the incidents involving foreign companies. "But the recent Chinese effort to compel foreign airlines has had a more official stamp. It's a symbolic reflection of Beijing's dissatisfaction with political trends on Taiwan and recent developments between Washington and Taipei."Cross-strait relations have steadily deteriorated since 2016, when Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party became president of Taiwan. Meanwhile, the US has taken steps to show support for the island, a longtime ally. In March, President Trump signed into law a bill that encourages official, high-level visits between the US and Taiwan. And this summer, the American Institute in Taiwan, the de facto US embassy, is scheduled to open a new office in Taipei.Mareike Ohlberg, a research associate at the Mercator Institute for China Studies in Berlin, says Beijing's targeting of foreign companies is simply one part of its campaign to isolate Taipei. And with President Xi having promised China's "national rejuvenation" by 2049 - a promise which many analysts say includes reunification with Taiwan - Dr. Ohlberg sees no signs of it stopping."The pressure is just going to get stronger and stronger," she says. "Unless there is some sort of fundamental political shift, it's not going to go away." Graphic Jacob Turcotte/StaffLoad-Date: May 11, 2018End of Document

China PCs and Peripherals Market : Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2022iCrowdNewswire (English)June 1, 2018 Friday 3:15 PM GMTCopyright 2018 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 601 wordsBody                   Market Reports on China Provides the Trending Market Research Report on PCs and Peripherals Markets in China under Consumer Goods. The report offers a collection of superior market research, market analysis, competitive intelligence and industry reports.   China's demand for PCs and Peripherals has grown at a fast pace in the past decade. In the next decade, both production and ... Continue reading China PCs and Peripherals Market : Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2022Market Reports on China Provides the Trending Market Research Report on PCs and Peripherals Markets in China under Consumer Goods. The report offers a collection of superior market research, market analysis, competitive intelligence and industry reports.China's demand for PCs and Peripherals has grown at a fast pace in the past decade. In the next decade, both production and demand will continue to grow. The Chinese economy maintains a high speed growth which has been stimulated by the consecutive increases of industrial output, import & export, consumer consumption and capital investment for over two decades. This new study examines China's economic trends, investment environment, industry development, supply and demand, industry capacity, industry structure, marketing channels and major industry participants. Historical data (2007, 2012 and 2017) and long-term forecasts through 2022 and 2027 are presented. Major producers in China are profiled.The primary and secondary research is done in China in order to access up-to-date government regulations, market information and industry data. Data were collected from the Chinese government publications, Chinese language newspapers and magazines, industry associations, local governments' industry bureaus, industry publications, and our in-house databases. Interviews are conducted with Chinese industry experts, university professors, and producers in China. Economic models and quantitative methods are applied in this report to project market demand and industry trends. Metric system is used and values are presented in either Yuan (RMB, current price) and/or US dollars.Our market research reports provide hard-to-find market data and analyses. Today, China has the largest market in the world. Tremendous fast-growing markets for imports and business opportunities for companies around the world. If you want to expand your business or sell your products in China, our research reports provide the insights and projections into Chinese markets necessary for you to do so.Table of ContentsI. INTRODUCTIONReport Scope and MethodologyExecutive SummaryII. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENTEconomic OutlookKey Economic IndicatorsIndustrial OutputPopulation and LaborForeign InvestmentForeign TradeFinancial and Tax RegulationsBanking System and RegulationsForeign ExchangeTaxes, Tariff and Custom DutiesTo read the complete report, click the link below :http://www.marketreportsonchina.com/consumer-goods-market-research-reports-12067/pcs-peripherals-china1Tags: China Market Research Reports,            latest market research reports,            Market Research Report Companies,            Market Research Report Sample,            PCs & Peripherals Market,            PCs & Peripherals Market Report,            PCs & Peripherals Market ResearchSee Campaign:           http://www.marketreportsonchina.comContact Information:Contact UsMarket Reports on ChinaContact No: India: +91 22 27810773Email: info@marketreportsonchina.comWebsite:            http://www.marketreportsonchina.comFollow us on : Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google PlusTags:,            Wire,            Research Newswire,            Real Estate,            South America,            North America,            Europe,            Asia,            EnglishLoad-Date: June 1, 2018End of Document

China Semiconductors Market Analysis, Size, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017-2022iCrowdNewswire (English)June 6, 2018 Wednesday 6:13 PM GMTCopyright 2018 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 611 wordsBody                   Market Reports on China Provides the Trending Market Research Report on Semiconductors Markets in China under Consumer Goods. The report offers a collection of superior market research, market analysis, competitive intelligence and industry reports.   China's demand for Semiconductors has grown at a fast pace in the past decade. In the next decade, both production and demand will continue to ... Continue reading China Semiconductors Market Analysis, Size, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017-2022Market Reports on China Provides the Trending Market Research Report on Semiconductors Markets in China under Consumer Goods. The report offers a collection of superior market research, market analysis, competitive intelligence and industry reports.China's demand for Semiconductors has grown at a fast pace in the past decade. In the next decade, both production and demand will continue to grow. The Chinese economy maintains a high speed growth which has been stimulated by the consecutive increases of industrial output, import & export, consumer consumption and capital investment for over two decades. This new study examines China's economic trends, investment environment, industry development, supply and demand, industry capacity, industry structure, marketing channels and major industry participants. Historical data (2007, 2012 and 2017) and long-term forecasts through 2022 and 2027 are presented. Major producers in China are profiled.The primary and secondary research is done in China in order to access up-to-date government regulations, market information and industry data. Data were collected from the Chinese government publications, Chinese language newspapers and magazines, industry associations, local governments' industry bureaus, industry publications, and our in-house databases. Interviews are conducted with Chinese industry experts, university professors, and producers in China. Economic models and quantitative methods are applied in this report to project market demand and industry trends. Metric system is used and values are presented in either Yuan (RMB, current price) and/or US dollars.Our market research reports provide hard-to-find market data and analyses. Today, China has the largest market in the world. Tremendous fast-growing markets for imports and business opportunities for companies around the world. If you want to expand your business or sell your products in China, our research reports provide the insights and projections into Chinese markets necessary for you to do so.Table of ContentsI. INTRODUCTION-Report Scope and Methodology-Executive SummaryII. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT-Economic Outlook-Key Economic Indicators-Industrial Output-Population and Labor-Foreign Investment-Foreign Trade-Financial and Tax Regulations-Banking System and Regulations-Foreign Exchange-Taxes, Tariff and Custom DutiesTo read the complete report, click the link below :http://www.marketreportsonchina.com/consumer-goods-market-research-reports-4016/semiconductors-chinaTags: China Market Research Reports,            latest market research reports,            Market Research Report Companies,            Market Research Report Sample,            Semiconduc,            semiconductors market,            Semiconductors Market Analysis,            Semiconductors Market Report,            Semiconductors Market ResearchSee Campaign:           http://www.marketreportsonchina.comContact Information:Contact UsMarket Reports on ChinaContact No: India: +91 22 27810773Email: info@marketreportsonchina.comWebsite:            http://www.marketreportsonchina.comFollow us on : Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google PlusTags:,            Wire,            Press Release,            Venture Capital,            Crowdfunding,            South America,            United Kingdom,            Asia,            Middle East,            EnglishLoad-Date: June 6, 2018End of Document

RUBIO CHAIRS CHINA COMMISSION HEARING ON DIGITAL AUTHORITARIANISM AND THE GLOBAL THREAT TO FREE SPEECHStates News ServiceApril 26, 2018 ThursdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 1273 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Florida Senator Marco Rubio:U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and U.S. Representative Chris Smith (R-NJ), chair and cochair of the bipartisan Congressional-Executive Commission on China (CECC), today convened a hearing entitled Digital Authoritarianism and The Global Threat to Free Speech.In February, Rubio warned of Beijings efforts to influence American public policy and basic freedoms. Last October, Rubio and Smith released the CECCs 2017 Annual Report on human rights and the rule of the law in China.A rough transcript of Rubios opening remarks at the hearing is below:RUBIO: The topic of course of todays hearing is freedom of expression and Chinas pervasive and unrelenting efforts to stifle speech at home and now increasingly abroad. And so it is timely and it is important. We have long known of the Chinese Communist Partys massive censorship regime and suppression of free speech and expression within its own borders. The Commissions Political Prisoner Database testifies to the human toll of the Chinese Communist Partys repression in this regard. But now the Party is increasingly exporting its authoritarianism abroad, trying to suppress speech, stifle free inquiry and seek to control narratives around the world. America and other like-minded nations must contend with this long arm of China and the growing threat it poses to our open, democratic systems.With the conclusion of last months 2018 National Peoples Congress, the Chinese President and Communist Party General Secretary, emerged newly empowered and emboldened, no longer tethered by term limits, and overseeing a noteworthy expansion of Communist Party control over every aspect of China. These institutional developments reinforce his directives to Chinese media outlets to exhibit absolute loyalty to the Party and his declaration in 2016 that all media must be surnamed Party and convey positive news about China in conformity with the Partys ideology.Chinas vast censorship regime is without parallel. Freedom Houses 2017 Freedom on the Net report named China the worlds worst abuser of internet freedom for the third consecutive year. And the Commissions most recent Annual Report noted the increased detention and criminal prosecution of citizen journalists who are a key source of information on labor protests, petitioning the government for redress of grievances, and other rights defense efforts. These detentions hinder the ability of those of us outside China to know what is happening inside the worlds most populous nation.Foreign journalists face restrictions and harassment, including, physical abuse, physical and online surveillance, denying or threatening to deny reporters visas, restricting their access to certain areas of the country, harassment of sources and news assistants. Restrictions on expression are not limited to journalists. A State Department travel advisory that was issued in January of this year warned of the following, and I quote, security personnel have detained and/or deported U.S. citizens for sending private electronic messages critical of the Chinese government.The latter point underscores Chinas surveillance efforts which feature prominently in any discussion of government censorship or curbs on free expression. The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region is an incubator of sorts where authorities have pursued invasive and involuntary collection of personal data that includes DNA and fingerprints from individuals, and all have implemented the widespread use of facial recognition systems, all set against the backdrop of the detention of thousands of Muslims in political education centers.Nationwide, the Chinese government is in the process of implementing a social credit system, which if successful will track and compile data on every Chinese citizen and possibly even rank them based on their behavior, including their online speech. In fact, there was an open source report yesterday about an individual, the first one banned from traveling because of his score or profile. Made possible by the massive collection of citizens data and a growing network of hundreds of thousands of surveillance cameras as well as voice and facial recognition capabilities, experts anticipate that the system will be used to punish those viewed as insufficiently loyal to the Communist Party.Any discussion of censorship and surveillance invariably turns to technology. Foreign technology firms, many of them household names here in America, are clamoring, begging to have access to the vast Chinese market. Or for those already there are increasingly willing to make Faustian bargains in pursuit of their bottom line. Consider for example, Apple, in February they transferred cloud data in China, to servers in China that are run by a state-owned Chinese firm, in order to comply with last years cyber security law. And yet we see its CEO at international forums basically touting its great partnership with China, and thanking them for their openness while sometimes critical of our own country. And when this sort of compliance to these sorts of laws leads to complicity and rights abuses, it cannot simply be business as usual.Look beyond China, it seems not a week goes by without some story of Chinas long arm threatening free and open society, as Professor Hamilton can no doubt attest. A key element in the Chinese governments long arm efforts is focused on information technology and internet governance or sovereignty. They assert national control of the internet and social media platforms not only in recent domestic cyber legislation and development plans but also at international gatherings. Additionally, there are growing examples of attempts by the Chinese government to guide, buy, or coerce political influence and control discussion of what they deem sensitive topics.Chinas Great Firewall, grave rights violations in ethnic minority regions, arrests of citizen journalists, and rights lawyers, suppression of speechthese are the familiar markings of an authoritarian, one-party state. But to the extent that the same authoritarian impulses animate the Chinese government and Partys efforts abroad, including inside the United States, it directly threatens our most deeply held values and our national interests. So, I look forward to todays testimony.I regret that a previously scheduled witness, Mr. Roy Jones, an American worker who was fired from his job at Marriott for inadvertently liking a tweet posted by a pro-Tibet group, is unable to join us. His story, which has now been well documented, is a painful and poignant reminder of the Chinese Communist Partys long arm, of their ability to coerce and get witting or unwittingly cooperation from American corporations and companies who are interested in protecting their market status in China, even if it means firing an American worker the way Marriott did, because they liked a tweet or a post about Tibet.There are very real costs involved if we fail to confront Chinas pernicious authoritarianism at home and increasingly abroad, and if we fail to address it Americans here at home and those of us who love democracy and freedom around the world including many of our allies in Europe, and Australia, the Asia pacific region, could find ourselves living in a world where we work somewhere or live somewhere where we cannot speak freely without losing our job or some other benefit, because who we work for, who controls us, is not ourselves, but a foreign government who uses the leverage of foreign access to its market in order to reach here, and impact one of our most cherished principles.Load-Date: April 26, 2018End of Document

Planting spies, paying people to post on social media, and pretending the news doesn't exist: This is how China tries to distract people from human rights abusesBusiness Insider USJune 9, 2018 Saturday 02:41 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1312 wordsByline: ama@businessinsider.com,  (Alexandra Ma)Highlight: The Chinese Communist Party is keen to portray itself to its 1.4 billion citizens as a peaceful and scandal-free power. Take a look at four of the most commonly used tricks in the party's handbook.BodyKevin Frayer/Getty• The Chinese Communist Party is keen to portray itself as a peaceful and scandal-free power.• It refuses to acknowledge its human rights abuses, and discrimination against LGBT community and feminists.• It's not easy to do in the digital age, where nearly half of China's citizens use the internet.• These are four of the most commonly used tricks in the party's playbook.The ways that China has been monitoring and ranking its citizens,            secretly imprisoning ethnic minorities, and ignoring its LGBT community have been widely documented in the West.But citizens in China itself may have no idea that any of these things are going on.Beijing has a rich playbook of tactics to keep its 1.4 billion citizens from learning about the country's repression and abuse of human rights. They include paying people to flood the internet with pro-government social media posts, setting up police surveillance points to watch over ethnic communities, and banning content criticising the Chinese government.Here are the four most commonly used tricks in Beijing's playbook.1. Planting social media posts to distract from controversial newsChina pays two million people to fabricate pro-government social media posts and insert them in real time, many of which immediately after controversial events, a Harvard University report found in 2016.The commentators - known as the "50 cent party," because they are allegedly paid 50 Chinese cents ($0.08/£0.06) per post - publish around 448 million posts a year, the researchers found. About half of them are stealthily inserted into social media sites in real time, while the others are posted on government sites.Some examples include:"Respect to all the people who have greatly contributed to the prosperity and success of the Chinese civilization! The heroes of the people are immortal.""Carry the red flag stained with the blood of our forefathers, and unswervingly follow the path of the CCP!""I love China."Jennifer Pan, one of the authors of the Harvard paper, told Business Insider: "On social media, instead of engaging on controversial issues, China puts out massive amounts of happy, positive cheerleading posts. These posts seem aimed at distracting the public from controversial and central issues of the day."GettyWhen deadly riots broke out between Uighur ethnic minorities and Chinese police in Xinjiang, northwestern China in 2013, officials in the southeastern city of Ganzhou - located about 2,000 miles away - ordered 50 cent workers to immediately create hundreds of online posts lauding China's economic development in an attempt to divert people from the topic.The instructions were revealed after an anonymous source leaked emails describing the strategy.An online commentator paid to publish pro-government posts also revealed anonymously in 2012: "When transferring the attention of netizens [Chinese people on the internet] and blurring the public focus, going off the topic is very effective."This tactic also "dilutes the quality of conversations," Sophie Richardson, the China director of Human Rights Watch, told Business Insider.Kevin Frayer/Getty2. "Development programs" that are actually state surveillanceSince 2013 China has been increasing its government programmes in Tibet which are ostensibly aimed at poverty relief and improving local infrastructure. But are also reasons for Beijing to send its officials to root out what it considers threats to the regime.Tibet is a sore point in Chinese politics. Beijing has consistently claimed the region as its own, while much of the region's three-million strong population has resisted Chinese Communist Party rule for decades.Under what it calls a "social management" scheme, China runs an employment and skills training programme for Tibet. But mixed in with the support is "ideological education" for households, usually in the form of compulsory classes designed to instill a love of China in the participants. It has also strengthened government surveillance in popular prefectures, Human Rights Watch said.Under a separate "grid management system," said to facilitate public access to basic goods and services, authorities also installed 600 high-tech "convenience police posts" and a volunteer surveillance group known as the "Red Armband Patrols" to watch over citizens, Human Rights Watch reported in 2013.REUTERS/Aly Song3. Refusing to acknowledge the newsChina doesn't recognise same-sex marriage, and actively instructs censors and news outlets to avoid discussing LGBT issues.Adam Robbins, a journalist living in Shenzhen, told Foreign Policy: "For generations, there's been no active Chinese state pushback against LGBT rights. Instead, the policy was 'don't encourage, don't discourage, don't promote.'"Some companies appear to have have taken that policy to heart. Last month Weibo, one of China's largest social media platforms, announced a three-month purge of videos and images portraying homosexuality in a bid to "create a bright and harmonious community environment." It later reversed the decision, but only after tens of thousands of people complained online.In mid-May, the popular Mango TV channel was also spotted blurring rainbow flags while airing the semi-final of the Eurovision song contest, resulting in the European Broadcasting Union banning Mango TV from airing the final altogether.China also banned the depiction of gay people on TV in 2016 as part of a clampdown on "vulgar, immoral and unhealthy content," and has            shut down           multiple same-sex dating apps.Damir Sagolj/Reuters4. Deleting posts it doesn't want to seeThe country's policy of silence also appears to apply to other issues it wants to keep under wraps, such as sexual misconduct.Earlier this year, hundreds of social media posts including the words #MeToo were deleted by censors. It's not clear whether those posts were censored by social networks voluntarily, or at the behest of the government, which            keeps a close watch.(Many women started using the characters 米兔, which technically stand for "rice bunny" but are pronounced "mi tu," to circumvent the ban.)State-run news outlets have also tried to deny the existence of sexual misconduct in China. Shortly after The New York Times published its Harvey Weinstein expose, the state-operated China Daily ran an editorial claiming that Chinese men never behave inappropriately toward women.Censorship in China has soared under Xi Jinping's presidency, with thousands of censorship directives issued every year. China briefly            banned the letter "N" in February, after critics used it to attack the president.REUTERS/Fred Dufour/Pool'It's like a cat-and-mouse game'The reach of China's propaganda and censorship is growing in the digital age - but many citizens still take news published by state media with a grain of salt, and continue to find ways to circumvent censors.Sophie Richardson, from Human Rights Watch, told BI:"Internet censorship is apparently getting worse. More human rights stories get censored more frequently. And the Chinese government has been cracked down on unauthorised VPNs."But Chinese netizens continue to be creative in invading censorship. It's like a cat-and-mouse game."NOW WATCH: Here's what 'Narcos' and 'Sicario' get right and wrong about drug cartelsSee Also:• Western intelligence is warning that Chinese influence in New Zealand is at a 'critical' level• 24 photos from the Tiananmen Square protests that China has tried to erase from history• The FBI calls Chinese spies in the US a 'whole of society threat' - here's how to protect yourselfSEE ALSO: China has started ranking citizens with a creepy 'social credit' system - here's what you can do wrong, and the embarrassing, demeaning ways they can punish youREAD MORE: China's 'Great Firewall' is taller than ever under 'president-for-life' Xi JinpingLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

CHAIRS ASK COMMERCE SECRETARY ROSS ABOUT SALE OF SURVEILLANCE TECHNOLOGY TO CHINESE POLICEStates News ServiceMay 15, 2018 TuesdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 990 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the Congressional-Executive Commission on China:U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and U.S. Representative Chris Smith (R-NJ), chair and co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional-Executive Commission on China respectively, released today a letter to U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross seeking answers about the sale by U.S. companies of surveillance and crime control technology used by Chinese security forces and police. The Chairs raised concerns about the Chinese government's use of technologies to "severely limit the freedoms of movement, expression, and religion" of the ethnic minority Uyghur population of western China. China has detained an estimated 500,000 to 1 million Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in "political education centers," including over a dozen family members of U.S.-based Radio Free Asia (RFA) Uyghur Service journalists.The letter asks whether the Commerce Department's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) is tracking the sale of equipment and technology used by Chinese security agencies and how U.S. companies were able to sell surveillance and crime control technology to China given existing Export Administration Regulations.Text of letter below:May 9, 2018Mr. Wilbur RossSecretary of CommerceU.S. Department of Commerce1401 Constitution Ave NWWashington, DC 20230Dear Secretary Ross,We write concerning the Chinese governments and Communist Party use of technology for repression and control, rather than for legitimate law enforcement activities. There is compelling evidence that U.S. companies are selling Chinese authorities products to improve the surveillance capability of police and security forces. Therefore, we wish to inquire whether the Bureau of Industry and Security in the Department of Commerce is tracking the sale of equipment and technology by U.S. companies that may be used by Chinese police and other security agencies for the surveillance and detention of individuals.The actions of Chinese police and security agencies particularly in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (XUAR) and elsewhere are deeply problematic. They continue to violate international protections of due process, privacy, association, religious practice and international prohibitions against torture and arbitrary detention. The ongoing abuses in the XUAR are a clear example of how the government is using technology, including U.S. made, to systematically crackdown on its people. According to human rights organizations and multiple media reports, XUAR authorities have dramatically increased surveillance activities of Uyghur Muslims and other ethnic minorities, augmenting existing efforts with the latest technologies, including facial recognition, iris scanning, and advanced biometrics such as DNA sequencing, voice samples, and fingerprinting.While estimates vary, there are reports that mass surveillance has contributed to the detention of between 500,000 to a million people in "political education centers"a staggering figure and one of the largest instances of mass incarceration of a minority population in the world today. Authorities have also used the surveillance apparatus in the XUAR to severely limit the freedoms of movement, expression, and religion of ethnic minorities in the region. Among those targeted by XUAR authorities are dozens of family members of Radio Free Asia (RFA) Uyghur Service journalists, potentially to intimidate U.S. government employees and undermine some of the most effective reporting and broadcasting regarding recent developments in the XUAR.Recently, Human Rights Watch and other organizations have identified Thermo-Fisher Scientific, a Massachusetts based company, as selling DNA sequencers with advanced microprocessors under the Applied Biosystems (ABI) Genetic Analyzer brand to the Chinese Ministry of Public Security and its Public Security bureaus across China. Citizen Lab, at the University of Toronto, has found that software capable of filtering, censorship, and surveillance via the internet has been sold in China from U.S. based companies and subsequently used in other countries (Syria, Russia, and Venezuela) currently under U.S. sanctions.We respectfully request answers to the following questions:1) Given that most crime control and detection and surveillance equipment, software and technology are controlled under the Export Administration Regulations, what factors are being used to determine the suitability of an export to an agent of state security? How did Thermo-Fisher surmount a presumption of denial to sell their product to the Chinese government?2) What other product licenses have been sought under Export Administration Regulations sections 742.7, 742.13, 744.17(c), or other sections, to sell to agencies of China's state security?3) In light of recent reports, how are youin coordination with the Department of Statereviewing the export of items being used by Chinese military and police end-users for surveillance, detection, and censorship, to determine whether more scrutiny is needed over the proliferation of "dual-use" information, software, and communication technologies? Are new legislation or new authorities needed to revisit/revise export control regulations so they are consistent with the rapid evolution of technology? Is software or technology which could be used for the purpose of domestic repression, subject to export controls with respect to Chinese end-users of concern?4) In addition to possible export controls, is there any discussion currently underway to, at the very least, restrict the end-users of such technologies, in this case Xinjiang Public Security and related entities?U.S. companies should not be assisting the Chinese government's repression or the detention of the families of U.S. government employees. We look forward to your response and working with you and the BIS on these issues.Sincerely,Marco RubioChairChris SmithCochairLoad-Date: May 15, 2018End of Document

A Trade War Isn't a Real WarAtlantic OnlineApril 23, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1386 wordsByline: Dipayan Ghosh and Joshua A. GeltzerBodySince assuming the presidency, Donald Trump has dragged age-old protectionism out of the past. He has imposed new tariffs, blocked international mergers, and manipulated global trade-particularly U.S. trade with China. The two nations have become so enmeshed in this standoff, with China instituting tariffs and            halting U.S. mergers of its own, that it has become common to suggest that the two nations have plunged into a full-scale            "trade war."In such times, it's helpful to remember that a trade war isn't actual war. It is, at most, a rudimentary economic policy directed at a foreign government and its people. Nevertheless, President Trump has consistently explained his newfound protectionism-especially vis-Ã -vis China-on national-security grounds.This should be confusing to an honest observer. When trade and commercial policies are routinely couched as national-security measures, the country finds itself on a perpetual pseudo-war footing. When the president justifies all his actions as necessary to keep America safe, the idea of actually acting to protect national security begins to lose its meaning. This is exactly the political conundrum the nation now faces.Perhaps the most notable instance of President Trump justifying his economic actions in the name of national security was his decision to impose tariffs to help the U.S. steel and            aluminum industries and "protect the American worker." Trump, meanwhile,            denounced the North Atlantic Free Trade Agreement as "a very bad deal" while            tyinghis view to national security. He also promised to build a wall on America's southern border to            save the purported "hundreds of billions we spend year after year providing services and benefits to illegal immigrants"-seemingly an economic argument-while            insisting that the U.S. military guard the border until the wall is complete-a national-security framing.Trump has made it hard for the international community to tell whether he's acting out of an earnest concern for national security or whether he's motivated by base protectionism. And, frankly, it's hard for the U.S. Congress, the courts, and the American people to tell, too.Perhaps more unsettling, albeit less intuitive, is that Trump's penchant for conflating national-security concerns with economic justifications may be even more of a problem when he actually has a plausible national-security basis for his trade policies. Last month, Trump            halted the acquisition of Qualcomm, a leading U.S. chipmaker and cellular technology firm, by the Singapore-based Broadcom Limited. The proposed            $117-billion hostile takeover would have given Broadcom, a major semiconductor firm, ownership of perhaps the world's premier wireless communications technology firm in Qualcomm. The Trump administration was apparently worried that Broadcom's cozy relationship with Chinese companies closely tied to Beijing would mean that the proposed Qualcomm acquisition would give China inordinate power in the global cellular technology market. Trump            halted the deal through presidential proclamation, indicating that Broadcom, if allowed to purchase Qualcomm, "might take action that threatens to impair the national security of the United States."Here, Trump's invocation of national security was plausible-convincing, even. In its review of the proposed Qualcomm deal, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), an interagency board in the executive branch that conducts national-security assessments of commercial proposals,            reportedly focused on the fact that Broadcom            engages in joint-business ventures with Huawei, a powerful Chinese telecommunications and technology firm with close ties to the Chinese government. Putting Qualcomm in Broadcom's hands could have given China immense influence in shaping the global telecommunications industry, from semiconductors to cellular chips to call transmissions.China already plays a sizable role in setting standards for forthcoming wireless technologies like 5G-standards it could soon foist on the rest of the world, allowing it to promote industrial policies that favor its own state-sponsored products over those developed on the open market, as the Treasury Department            emphasized in a letter to the lawyers trying to finalize the deal. An acquisition of a U.S. tech powerhouse by a foreign company could sap America's long-term economic strength. It would also shift power to governments that don't share its commitments to free expression and stifle            competition by consolidating control of the critical semiconductor industry among an even smaller number of firms.All told, President Trump, with CFIUS's support, had what looked like a solid case for halting the Qualcomm deal on national-security grounds. But confusion about why he halted the deal ensued nonetheless. Congressional Democrats quickly            admitted that they "don't know the links between Broadcom and China" but nonetheless felt "unequivocally [that] President Trump and his administration made the right decision on blocking Broadcom from taking over Qualcomm." (This was an uncertainty perhaps aggravated by the oblique language in Treasury's public letter.) The Democrats thus praised Trump for halting the deal based on an undefined mix of national-security and economic concerns. Congress, like the rest of us, does not get to see the entirety of CFIUS's work. But Congress, like the rest of us, has become numb to Trump's insistence that his economic policy is, at every turn, driven by his concern for national security. So Congressional Democrats ultimately didn't know quite what to make of this invocation of national security to drive trade policy, when that justification seemed plausible but overused.There are numerous additional dangers to this inclination to invoke national security. Other countries will increasingly follow Washington's lead by pointing to national security to justify a whole range of actions. China has already            invoked supposed national-security concerns to demand intrusive terms from American companies seeking to operate in China-terms that those companies would never accept in the United States, like ensuring governmental access to individuals' secure communications.This tendency is also bad for U.S. credibility on trade policy generally. When, in the wake of the Qualcomm block, Washington proposed tariffs on a wide range of Chinese goods, including on the seemingly justifiable grounds of seeking to avoid the theft of trade secrets, Beijing was able to            denounceWashington's justification as, yet again, pretext.Trump's confusing stance on issues at the intersection of national security and commercial policy also makes it harder for U.S. companies to stand up for themselves. In May 2017, China passed a            data-security regulation requiring that foreign firms intending to collect Chinese citizens' personal data establish data farms in China, partner with Chinese firms to maintain the localized data, and cooperate with Chinese authorities should they wish to review even sensitive, personal data. It's hard to imagine a more intrusive regulatory standard.Yet Apple, seemingly worried about losing access to the Chinese market and its manufacturing base there, swiftly            compliedwith Beijing's demands. Given the Chinese regulation's infringement on individual rights, much of the global community hoped that companies like Apple would resist. But, with Trump's simultaneous invocations of national security as a pretext for protectionism, it's hard for companies like Apple to contest similar excuses from foreign governments.Going forward, the United States can regain its credibility both at home and abroad by restoring national-security justifications and trade reasoning to their respective spheres. This will require steering away from protectionism, especially when it's pursued under the guise of national security, and back toward open investment and trade.            Others have begun issuing a similar call on purely economic grounds-powerful ones on their own terms.But it's critical to issue that call on national-security grounds, too. There will be real threats to U.S. national security that demand invoking national-security concerns to halt transactions like the Qualcomm acquisition. The country needs the president's credibility intact for those critical moments.Load-Date: April 24, 2018End of Document

The compromises that companies make to do business in ChinaCNNMoney.comMay 7, 2018 Monday 8:41 AM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: ECONOMYLength: 846 wordsByline: Julia HorowitzBodyForeign companies just got an important reminder: Doing business in China comes with a long list of demands.More than 30 global airlines ? including some US carriers like American Airlines ? were recently told by the Chinese government to remove any information that could suggest Taiwan, Hong Kong or Macau are not part of China.Over the weekend, the White House denounced the warnings as "Orwellian nonsense." But toeing the line on Taiwan is just one of many concessions required of foreign companies that want to keep on China's good side."It's a constraining environment," said Nicholas Lardy, a fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics and expert on the Chinese economy.Here are some of the compromises businesses need to make.Watch what you say about Taiwan, Hong Kong and MacauChina considers self-governed Taiwan to be an integral part of its territory, and rejects any suggestions to the contrary. Hong Kong and Macau are special administrative regions of China.The country has acted forcefully when it believes that materials from foreign companies imply these areas are independent. In January, China blocked the Marriott website and app for a week after the hotel group listed Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and Tibet as separate countries in its emails and app. Delta Air Lines and retailer Zara were called out by China over similar problems shortly thereafter.The Chinese government seems to be increasingly vigilant about monitoring content that isn't written in Chinese, according to Scott Kennedy, director of the Project on Chinese Business and Political Economy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies."What's new now is they are trying to enforce the way these companies talk to any audience," he said.Store some data locallyIn June 2017, China enacted a law that tightened restrictions on cross-border data transfers, and mandated that critical data be stored locally. The Chinese government has framed the legislation as an effort to shore up cybersecurity, but critics see it as further means for China to monitor and control online information.A number of foreign companies have had to make big changes in order to comply.Apple said it would store the iCloud data of mainland customers with a state-owned company in Guizhou. Last November, Amazon Web Services sold the hardware it uses for cloud storage to its local Chinese partner to satisfy the new rules.Strike up joint ventures with local businessesIn some sectors, Beijing only lets foreign companies operate in the country through joint ventures in which Chinese partners hold the majority stake.Automakers like GM, Volkswagen and Toyota have paired up with local players so they can avoid paying stiff import tariffs on cars. Chipmakers like Qualcomm and Intel have also set up joint ventures to develop semiconductors in the country.Requirements regarding joint ventures have been a particular point of contention in the current US-China trade fight. The US government claims that foreign companies are expected to transfer proprietary technology to their Chinese partners before many joint ventures can be finalized ? and that can mean giving up intellectual property.There has been some movement to loosen constraints on foreign investment in recent months. China has committed to easing restrictions on the finance industry, for example.By the end of June, the People's Bank of China intends to fully remove foreign investment limits on banks and asset management firms, according to analysts. The central bank will also let foreign companies own a majority stake (up to 51%) in securities, fund management, futures and life insurance firms.Be careful when it comes to the Dalai LamaThe Dalai Lama is a popular global figure. But to the Chinese government, the Buddhist spiritual leader of Tibet is a "splitist" who should be denounced ? or at least not celebrated by companies in their marketing materials.Mercedes-Benz had to apologize in February after quoting the Dalai Lama in a post on its Instagram account.In 1950, Communist China sent troops into Tibet to enforce its claim on the region. China has controlled Tibet since 1951 ? though the central government in Beijing has faced repeated unrest from ethnic Tibetans.Censor contentIn order to operate in China, internet companies have to follow the government's strict rules about censored content.This even applies to powerful multinational companies like Apple and LinkedIn.In 2017, Apple pulled the New York Times news app from the App Store in China, saying it was told that it violated "local regulations." Apple also removed software from its App Store in China that allowed users to circumvent the country's so-called Great Firewall.LinkedIn agreed to China's censorship requirements when it launched a Chinese version of its site in 2014. Later that year, it told some users that posts related to the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre wouldn't show up in mainland China. The networking site was bought by Microsoft in 2016.-- CNNMoney's Daniel Shane contributed to this report.Load-Date: May 10, 2018End of Document

The compromises that companies make to do business in ChinaCNN WireMay 9, 2018 Wednesday 12:41 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 863 wordsByline: By Julia HorowitzDateline: NEW YORK (CNNMoney) BodyNEW YORK (CNNMoney) --  Foreign companies just got an important reminder: Doing business in China comes with a long list of demands.More than 30 global airlines - including some US carriers like American Airlines - were recently told by the Chinese government to remove any information that could suggest Taiwan, Hong Kong or Macau are not part of China.Over the weekend, the White House denounced the warnings as "Orwellian nonsense." But toeing the line on Taiwan is just one of many concessions required of foreign companies that want to keep on China's good side."It's a constraining environment," said Nicholas Lardy, a fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics and expert on the Chinese economy.Here are some of the compromises businesses need to make.Watch what you say about Taiwan, Hong Kong and MacauChina considers self-governed Taiwan to be an integral part of its territory, and rejects any suggestions to the contrary. Hong Kong and Macau are special administrative regions of China.The country has acted forcefully when it believes that materials from foreign companies imply these areas are independent. In January, China blocked the Marriott website and app for a week after the hotel group listed Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and Tibet as separate countries in its emails and app. Delta Air Lines and retailer Zara were called out by China over similar problems shortly thereafter.The Chinese government seems to be increasingly vigilant about monitoring content that isn't written in Chinese, according to Scott Kennedy, director of the Project on Chinese Business and Political Economy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies."What's new now is they are trying to enforce the way these companies talk to any audience," he said.Store some data locallyIn June 2017, China enacted a law that tightened restrictions on cross-border data transfers, and mandated that critical data be stored locally. The Chinese government has framed the legislation as an effort to shore up cybersecurity, but critics see it as further means for China to monitor and control online information.A number of foreign companies have had to make big changes in order to comply. Apple said it would store the iCloud data of mainland customers with a state-owned company in Guizhou. Last November, Amazon Web Services sold the hardware it uses for cloud storage to its local Chinese partner to satisfy the new rules.Strike up joint ventures with local businessesIn some sectors, Beijing only lets foreign companies operate in the country through joint ventures in which Chinese partners hold the majority stake.Automakers like GM, Volkswagen and Toyota have paired up with local players so they can avoid paying stiff import tariffs on cars. Chipmakers like Qualcomm and Intel have also set up joint ventures to develop semiconductors in the country.Requirements regarding joint ventures have been a particular point of contention in the current US-China trade fight. The US government claims that foreign companies are expected to transfer proprietary technology to their Chinese partners before many joint ventures can be finalized - and that can mean giving up intellectual property.There has been some movement to loosen constraints on foreign investment in recent months. China has committed to easing restrictions on the finance industry, for example.By the end of June, the People's Bank of China intends to fully remove foreign investment limits on banks and asset management firms, according to analysts. The central bank will also let foreign companies own a majority stake (up to 51%) in securities, fund management, futures and life insurance firms.Be careful when it comes to the Dalai LamaThe Dalai Lama is a popular global figure. But to the Chinese government, the Buddhist spiritual leader of Tibet is a "splitist" who should be denounced - or at least not celebrated by companies in their marketing materials.Mercedes-Benz had to apologize in February after quoting the Dalai Lama in a post on its Instagram account.In 1950, Communist China sent troops into Tibet to enforce its claim on the region. China has controlled Tibet since 1951 - though the central government in Beijing has faced repeated unrest from ethnic Tibetans.Censor contentIn order to operate in China, internet companies have to follow the government's strict rules about censored content.This even applies to powerful multinational companies like Apple and LinkedIn.In 2017, Apple pulled the New York Times news app from the App Store in China, saying it was told that it violated "local regulations." Apple also removed software from its App Store in China that allowed users to circumvent the country's so-called Great Firewall.LinkedIn agreed to China's censorship requirements when it launched a Chinese version of its site in 2014. Later that year, it told some users that posts related to the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre wouldn't show up in mainland China. The networking site was bought by Microsoft in 2016.-- CNNMoney's Daniel Shane contributed to this report. TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: May 10, 2018End of Document

China Institute Convenes U.S. and Chinese CEOs to Discuss U.S.-China Relations in the New World Order; Former Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson, Jr., Nobelist Joseph Stiglitz, former IMF Chief John Lipsky on tackling U.S.-China tensionsPR NewswireApril 9, 2018 Monday 9:04 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 626 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, April 9, 2018 Body On Thursday, April 12th, China Institute will bring together top U.S. and Chinese CEOs, government leaders, and experts to discuss changing business relations between the two nations at the 2018 Executive Summit, "U.S.-China Business in the New World Order".Historically, business has been the ballast that has anchored the U.S.-China relationship during difficult times, but frustration is rising, and there is growing concern about the overall health of the bilateral relationship. In this complex new era for U.S.-China relations, the Executive Summit will examine challenges in both countries and explore opportunities for American and Chinese businesses to work together."The conference takes place at a time of great uncertainty. As the United States promotes its America First policy, and China expands its global influence through One Belt One Road, nationalist and populist sentiments in both countries are on the rise," said China Institute President James Heimowitz. "It's increasingly important to find practical ways in which businesses can flourish and work together, underpinning the world's most important bilateral relationship. This conference aims to add nuance to a conversation that is too often portrayed in black and white terms."Speakers at the Summit include:Under Secretary of Commerce Gilbert B. Kaplan, on the state of manufacturing in the United StatesHenry M. Paulson, Jr., former Secretary of Treasury and Chairman of the Paulson Institute, on how the U.S. and China can tackle global challenges togetherNobel Prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and former IMF chief John Lipsky on adapting to the New World OrderMIT Professor Huang Yasheng, and Columbia University SIPA Dean Merit Janow on Made in China 2025 and the future of tradeNational Governors Association President Scott Pattison, on the states' view of Chinese investmentIn addition, the Summit, which will be at the Harvard Club of New York, will convene three panel discussions:Chinese Investments in the United States: Opportunities and Challenges on Both SidesFrom Green to Gold: Finding Opportunity in China's Sustainable FutureFrom Artificial Intelligence to Education and Bio Tech: The Next Big China OpportunitiesOther speakers include: Scott Pattison, President, U.S. National Governors Association; Sing Wang, former CEO, TPG China, CEO, SM Seven Star Acquisition Corporation; Winston Ma, former Managing Director, CIC, CEO, China Silkroad Investment Capital; Pin Ni, President, Wanxiang USA; Daniel Rosen, Rhodium Group founder; and Ning Yuan, President, China Construction America.China Institute is partnering with the U.S. National Governors Association and China-U.S. Exchange Foundation for this conference. Media partners areBloomberg, theSouth China Morning Post, andChina Business News (Yicai Global). For more information on the Executive Summit and registration details, please visitChina Institute's Website.About China InstituteChina Institute advances a deeper understanding of China through programs in education, culture, art, and business. China Institute is the go-to resource on China-from ancient art to today's business landscape and its rapidly shifting culture. Our programs, school, and gallery exhibitions bring to life the depth, complexity and dynamism of China. Founded in 1926 by Chinese reformers Hu Shi, K.P. Wen, and John Dewey, China Institute is the oldest bicultural, non-profit organization in America to focus exclusively on China.Press contact: Chloe Chong 212 593 6450 chongc@ruderfinn.com http://www.chinainstitute.org View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/china-institute-convenes-us-and-chinese-ceos-to-discuss-us-china-relations-in-the-new-world-order-300626307.htmlSOURCE China InstituteLoad-Date: April 10, 2018End of Document

Chinese Investment in Australia Declining: New ReportTargeted News ServiceJune 14, 2018 Thursday 7:15 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1182 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: SYDNEY, Australia BodyThe University of Sydney issued the following news:Chinese investment in Australia dropped to AUD$13.3 billion in 2017, according to the latest Demystifying Chinese Investment in Australia report by the University of Sydney and KPMG.Chinese investment in Australia dropped to USD$10.3 billion (AUD$13.3 billion) in 2017 - down 11 percent (in USD terms) from 2016 - despite renewed investment in mining, continued investment in commercial real estate and a surge in healthcare investment. Changing regulatory, political and economic landscapes impacted on new investment flows from China to the world during the year, with global Chinese overseas direct investment falling by 29 percent.The volume of Australian deals was on par with the previous year, but average deal sizes fell, with 76 percent below AUD$100 million. While investment by private Chinese companies grew, the total volume of State Owned Enterprise (SOE) investment dropped for the first time since 2014. NSW continued to attract the most investment (42 percent), followed by Victoria (36 percent) and WA (14 percent).These are among the key findings of the latest Demystifying Chinese Investment in Australia (June 2018) report by KPMG and The University of Sydney Business School, analysing Chinese outbound direct investment into Australia in calendar year 2017. JLL contributed data and analysis on commercial real estate development transactions. The report also incorporates the bi-annual Chinese Investors in Australia Survey - providing insights into the perceptions of the Australian investment climate by Chinese investors."2017 was an important and testing year in many ways for Chinese direct investment in Australia. Chinese government regulations which were implemented to address concerns about speculative, irrational global investments and massive capital outflows have impacted the Australia result, as have recent changes to Australia's foreign investment regulations for strategic infrastructure assets. The numbers don't lie: Chinese ODI in Australia has fallen," said report co-author, Doug Ferguson, Head of Asia &#38; International Markets for KPMG Australia."Australia remains globally competitive for attracting Chinese investment, retaining its position as the second largest recipient of accumulated Chinese investment - only behind the United States - with just under USD$100 billion since 2008. However the gap is growing. Chinese executives tell us that Australia remains a relatively safer and more attractive country to invest than many others but only 35 percent of survey respondents feel welcome to invest here, which is down from 52 percent in 2014."Chinese investors continue to be drawn to projects in Australia that relate to growing Chinese consumer demand and Chinese government priority initiatives - health and wellbeing, tourism and lifestyle, real estate, technology, services and a continuing demand for mining commodity resources, all areas where Australia is internationally competitive and has potential to grow.Key findingsInvestment by industryMining was the most significant sector for Chinese investment in 2017 with 35 percent of total ODI, followed by real estate (33 percent), healthcare (12 percent), food and agribusiness (8 percent) and infrastructure (4 percent).The mining sector saw twelve deals announced in 2017 totalling AUD$4.6 billion, a rise of 448 percent from 2016. This large increase was mostly driven by the AUD$3.4 billion acquisition of Rio Tinto's thermal coal assets by Yancoal. There was however a continuing investment focus on lithium, gold and non-ferrous metals.Commercial real estate remained a leading sector for Chinese investment in 2017, accounting for AUD$4.4 billion of investment, with Australia attracting 11.5 percent of China's total global overseas real estate investment. Residential development project transactions accounted for around 44 percent of the total value, followed by office (30 percent) and mixed-use (9 percent).There was a surge in healthcare investment by Chinese companies in Australia in the past few years. AUD$1.6 billion was invested in 2017 compared AUD$1.4 billion in 2016.The food and agribusiness sector recorded eight deals in 2017 with a total value of AUD$1.1 billion. This represents an 8 percent decline from 2016.Infrastructure investment fell to AUD$485 million, just 4 percent of total investment in 2017. Renewable energy investment of AUD$124 million was recorded in 2017, representing a 64 percent annual decline and mostly driven by one large transaction - Goldwind's acquisition of Origin's Stockyard Hill wind farm for AUD$110 million.Investment by geographyChinese capital was again focused in NSW in 2017 with AUD$5.6 billion or 42 percent of total investment value. Victoria experienced an uplift from 25 percent of total investment in 2016 to 36 percent in 2017.Western Australia received AUD$1.9 billion in Chinese investment or 14 percent of total inflows, up from AUD$1.1 billion in 2016.Queensland attracted AUD$667 million of investment, 57 percent of which was healthcare related. While South Australia attracted AUD$455 million or 3 percent of investment, into infrastructure, energy and food &#38; agribusiness dealsChinese investors in Australia surveyThe Chinese Investors in Australia Survey involved surveys and interviews with senior executives from 45 Chinese-invested companies located in Australia on their perceptions of the Australian investment climate and key challenges they face in Australia. The research was undertaken in April 2018."The last three years have been a good period financially for Chinese investors in Australia - with 65 percent of respondents reporting revenue growth, and 45 percent profitability growth," said report co-author Professor Hans Hendrischke, Professor of Chinese Business &#38; Management at the University of Sydney Business School."2017 was a year of consolidation, marked by a reassessment of the role of Chinese investment in our country, as well as changes to ODI regulations in China."Our local survey has revealed sentiment has currently shifted, with a higher level of apprehension by Chinese investors towards investing in Australia. Seventy percent of respondents stated that the political debate had made Chinese companies more cautious about investing in Australia. And 67 percent see the Federal Government as less supportive than previously. The Australian media was cited as the group least supportive of their investment; with Australian business leaders the most supportive."Our survey and interviews with Chinese investors indicate a level of concern, however, there is a growing familiarity and confidence in the Australian market."While most Chinese investors retained a level of optimism about their Australian investments some investors, especially SOEs, are apprehensive due to diplomatic tensions and the sense of feeling unwelcome. Only 35 percent of surveyed companies felt welcome to invest in Australia - a notable decline from 52 percent in 2014."Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6331267 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: June 15, 2018End of Document

INVNT/IP: US Responds to Nation-sponsored Crown-jewel Intellectual Property Theft; US Announcement of Large-Scale Tariffs in Response to Chinese Crown-Jewel Intellectual Property Theft Lauded by IP Protection Consortium INVNT/IPGlobeNewswireJune 15, 2018 Friday 2:21 PM PTCopyright 2018 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: GOVERNMENT NEWSLength: 508 wordsBodySEATTLE, June  15, 2018  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Trump administration today announced 25% tariffs on $50 billion in Chinese goods, representing the first time the United States government has marked sectors in US-China trade for retaliation as a response to theft of crown-jewel intellectual property. In a public statement, President Trump announced that the measures were targeted toward goods that "contain industrially significant technologies."US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer applauded the move on Fox News, noting, "It's thorough. It's moderate. It's appropriate." In a further explanation of the move, he added, "What I want to do is make sure that we protect our technology here at home, that we stop cybertheft and forced technology transfer, and ultimately, remember: -China 2025' is a $300 billion subsidy program. The United States has to be able to counter that."Lighthizer noted that the tariffs will initially target 818 items worth $34 billion on July 6, with the potential addition of 284 products worth roughly $16 billion following review and public comment. Evan Anderson, CEO of INVNT/IP (Inventing Nations vs. Nation-sponsored Theft of IP), said Friday: "This is a historic moment for the US-China relationship. For 7 years now, we at INVNT/IP have worked to help the American public, private, and government sectors understand the devastating effect and broader implications of Chinese government-sponsored IP theft and predatory trade practices. Today, thanks in large part to the good folks at the Office of the US Trade Representative, we are finally doing something about it. The toolkit of tariffs and trade laws being used by Mr. Lighthizer works well to curtail the efforts of those who would steal crown-jewel intellectual property and sell it back to the United States, harming companies, killing jobs, and reducing tax revenue."Added Anderson, "For decades, the US has failed to create economic and trade policy that protects innovative firms in the US from the designs of the Chinese government. This move begins that process. I encourage our allies and trusted partners worldwide to join us by implementing similar policies: we are, as always, stronger together."The announcement adds to a growing list of US government efforts to address the illegal industrial, cyber, and technology policies of the government of the People's Republic of China, including the capabilities of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, to address Chinese government and government-affiliated purchases of US technology; appropriate responses to Chinese government-sponsored firms that break WTO law; and, in the case of Chinese government-sponsored telecom giant ZTE, internationally supported sanctions on third parties such as Iran.The INVNT/IP Global Consortium„¢, an SNS„¢ initiative, is a network of private firms and individuals that seeks to reduce nation-sponsored intellectual property theft worldwide.Website: www.invntip.com,            www.stratnews.com,            www.futureinreview.comContact:press@stratnews.comLoad-Date: June 16, 2018End of Document

Gridsum Publishes White Paper on Internet Safety in China for Teens and other MinorsPR NewswireJune 11, 2018 Monday 7:00 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 796 wordsDateline: BEIJING, June 11, 2018 Body Gridsum Holding Inc. ("Gridsum" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: GSUM), a leading provider of cloud-based big-data analytics and artificial intelligence ("AI") solutions in China, today announced that it has jointly published a white paper on teens' and other minors' internet safety in China with Renmin University of China ("RUC") titled "Internet-Related Crimes Involving Minors."Gridsum leveraged its deep experience in big data analysis, natural language processing, and applying AI within China's legal ecosystem to analyze 15,645 juvenile cases involving the internet from 2014 to 2017 on China Judgements Online, a Chinese government court case database.Key findings from the white paper include:Internet-related crimes involving minors accounted for 10.2% of all crimes involving minors during the period and continue to increase every year.Second and third tier cities in China's western regions have the highest incidence of internet-related crimes involving minors.Minors accounted for 55.7% of defendants and 25.86% of victims for internet-related minor crimes.Minor offenders were generally given lenient punishments while crimes involving minor victims were punished more severely, reflecting the strong judicial protections in place for minors.Frequent access to internet cafes and internet addiction are two major causes for internet-related crimes involving minors.Mr. Guosheng Qi, Chief Executive Officer of Gridsum, commented, "We are proud to have jointly published this white paper on teens' and other minors' Internet-safety in China with Renmin University of China. Leveraging our big data analysis capability and experience in applying AI within China's legal ecosystem, this white paper will provide valuable insights into teens' and other minors' crimes involving the internet which will help strengthen policy and legal protections for this important group. We will continue to work closely with respected and leading institutions across the Chinese legal ecosystem to promote a healthy internet environment for minors."About Gridsum Gridsum Holding Inc. (NASDAQ: GSUM) is a leading provider of cloud-based big-data analytics and AI solutions for multinational and domestic enterprises and government agencies in China. Gridsum's core technology, the Gridsum Big Data Platform, is built on a distributed computing framework and performs real-time multi-dimensional correlation analysis of both structured and unstructured data. This enables Gridsum's customers to identify complex relationships within their data and gain new insights that help them make better business decisions. The Company is named "Gridsum" to symbolize the combination of distributed computing (Grid) and analytics (sum). As a digital intelligence pioneer, the Company's mission is to help enterprises and government organizations in China use data in new and powerful ways to make better informed decisions and be more productive.Safe Harbor StatementThis announcement contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "will," "expects," and similar statements. Among other things, quotations from management in this announcement as well as Gridsum's strategic and operational plans contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, including but not limited to the following: unexpected difficulties in Gridsum's pursuit of its goals and strategies; the unexpected developments, including slow growth, in the digital intelligence market; unexpected difficulties and potential delays in filing annual or other reports with the SEC; PRC governmental policies relating to media, software, big data, the internet, internet content providers and online advertising; and general economic and business conditions in the regions where Gridsum provides solutions and services. All information provided in this press release is as of the date of this press release, and Gridsum undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.For more information, please visit http://www.gridsum.com/.Investor RelationsGridsum ir@gridsum.comChristensenIn China Mr. Christian Arnell Phone: +86-10-5900-1548 Email: carnell@christensenir.com In U.S. Mr. Tip Fleming Phone: +1 917 412 3333 Email: tfleming@christensenir.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gridsum-publishes-white-paper-on-internet-safety-in-china-for-teens-and-other-minors-300661490.htmlSOURCE Gridsum Holding Inc.Load-Date: June 12, 2018End of Document

Sen. Warner Issues Statement on New Chinese TariffsTargeted News ServiceJune 15, 2018 Friday 7:40 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 201 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodySen. Mark Warner, D-Virginia, issued the following statement regarding the Trump administration's announcement on imposing tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese technology imports in response to the China's theft of intellectual property, the forced transfer of American technology and the cyber attacks:"I share the President's concerns about China. For years, Chinese companies pushed and enabled by the Chinese government have cheated American workers and stolen valuable intellectual property from U.S businesses with few repercussions."While we simply cannot let China's unfair trade practices go unchecked, this President's erratic approach to resolving this issue gives me pause. His Administration's friendliness toward ZTE, in spite of warnings from his own top intelligence officials that the telecom company poses a national security threat, is particularly concerning."Instead of taking steps that antagonize our allies and threaten the well-being of Virginia's agricultural community, the President should focus on building international support to apply greater pressure on Beijing and end these unfair trade practices once and for all."Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6333504 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: June 16, 2018End of Document

SEN. WARNER ON NEW CHINESE TARIFFSStates News ServiceJune 15, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 222 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Virginia Senator Mark Warner:U.S. Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-VA), Vice Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and a member of the Senate Banking and Finance committees, issued the below statement regarding the Trump Administrations announcement that it will impose tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese technology imports in response to Chinas theft of intellectual property, the forced transfer of American technology, and cyber attacks:I share the Presidents concerns about China. For years, Chinese companies pushed and enabled by the Chinese government have cheated American workers and stolen valuable intellectual property from U.S businesses with few repercussions. While we simply cannot let Chinas unfair trade practices go unchecked, this Presidents erratic approach to resolving this issue gives me pause. His Administrations friendliness toward ZTE, in spite of warnings from his own top intelligence officials that the telecom company poses a national security threat, is particularly concerning. Instead of taking steps that antagonize our allies and threaten the well-being of Virginias agricultural community, the President should focus on building international support to apply greater pressure on Beijing and end these unfair trade practices once and for all.Load-Date: June 16, 2018End of Document

SEN. WARNER ON NEW CHINESE TARIFFSUS Fed NewsJune 15, 2018 Friday 8:15 PM  ESTCopyright 2018 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 249 wordsBodyWASHINGTON, June 15 -- The office of Sen. Mark R. Warner issued the following press release:U.S. Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-VA), Vice Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and a member of the Senate Banking and Finance committees, issued the below statement regarding the Trump Administration's announcement that it will impose tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese technology imports in response to China's theft of intellectual property, the forced transfer of American technology, and cyber attacks:"I share the President's concerns about China. For years, Chinese companies pushed and enabled by the Chinese government have cheated American workers and stolen valuable intellectual property from U.S businesses with few repercussions. While we simply cannot let China's unfair trade practices go unchecked, this President's erratic approach to resolving this issue gives me pause. His Administration's friendliness toward ZTE, in spite of warnings from his own top intelligence officials that the telecom company poses a national security threat, is particularly concerning. Instead of taking steps that antagonize our allies and threaten the well-being of Virginia's agricultural community, the President should focus on building international support to apply greater pressure on Beijing and end these unfair trade practices once and for all." For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at content.services@htlive.comLoad-Date: June 16, 2018End of Document

Trump Plans To Bar China from Investing in U.S. Tech Firms and Block More Tech Exports; Apple Confirms MacBook Pro Embarrassing Keyboard Problems; House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes Sets Monday Deadline For FBI And DOJ; White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders Kicked Out Of Virginia RestaurantMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 8:00 AM ESTJune 25, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 7381 wordsByline: Dagen McDowell, Kristina Partsinevelos, Jon Hilsenrath, Blake Burman, Richard Fowler, Byron York, Stuart Varney, Nicole PetallidesGuests: George KurtzBodyDAGEN MCDOWELL, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Good morning. I'm Dagen McDowell in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Monday, June 25th, your top stories at 8:00 a.m. Eastern. Renewed trade tensions rattling markets again. Futures pointing to a sell-off at the open. Investors breaking for President Trump's move to block Chinese investments in U.S. technology, and even block some U.S. technology exports to China. We go both ways. And it's hurting futures this about morning, Dow, S&P, NASDAQ futures are lower. We'll talk more about this coming up. But the Russell 2000 Index of small caps companies, smaller companies that might be insulated from this terra fight. That was one of the -- it was the one gauge up last week of U.S. stocks, the only one of the major ones up last week. In Europe, we have losses across the board to tell you about. England, France, Germany all lower and it was a similar story overnight in Asia, markets down almost across the board except for the KOSPI in South Korea. But the Shanghai and Hang Seng down more than 1 percent.Harley-Davidson shares sputtering over the trade spat. The iconic motorcycle maker announcing plans this morning to shift some production out of the U.S. for E.U. bikes because of the tariffs. They look at this terra fight, this trade fight and see it being detrimental to the business. A look at the impact on that company's future. Protecting American intellectual property, the growing importance of cybersecurity in the face of digital threats from countries like Russia and China. And a battle over the border, the House set to vote on a compromise bill this week after delaying last week. The latest in the push for deal here in the United States as Europe struggles with an immigration crisis of its own.Plus, making good on faulty MacBooks, Apple finally acknowledging a probable with the keyboard on its signature laptops. The details on the tech titan's plan to fix the issues. And Han Solo bought first the blaster used by Harrison Ford's iconic character proves to be a real force on the auction block, how much that Star Wars piece of memorabilia sold for. We showed it to you here on MORNINGS WITH MARIA. We'll tell you what the price tag was. Here with me to break it all down all morning, Fox Business Network's Kristina Partsinevelos, The Wall Street Journal Global Economics Editor Jon Hilsenrath, along with radio talk show host, New Leaders senior fellow Richard Fowler. We were talking about the Russell 2000. The Russell 2000 was the only of the major market gauges that was up last week. It barely eked out a gain, but it's still a gain nonetheless when the Dow, S&P, NASDAQ Composite, and the Dow Transports were down. The Dow Transports were down almost 3 percent last week. That was more than any of those market gauges.JON HILSENRATH, FOX BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, so you do have to wonder how big American multinationals are going to fair in these battles that we're having particularly with the Chinese, you know, the whole model for American multinationals in the 1990s and 2000s was build a base in China as the world's fastest growing economy, now the world's second largest economy. And we're in what increasingly looks like a war with that country. That could hurt big companies in favor of smaller companies that are more domestically oriented.KRISTINA PARTSINEVELOS, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: And it's already hit Boeing and you saw that way down because the down is a weighted index and it's pulling it down over -- what is it? Eight straight days where it did closed in the negatives.MCDOWELL: Price weighted. So basically, the higher the stock price looked like old school. It's not market cap weighted. Its price weighted. I sound like such a nerd. But basically, it's the -- the higher the stock price, the bigger the weight in that index.HILSENRATH: This is why I think the announcement -- the journal story today about export controls, U.S. export controls on China is such a big deal because where China blocked their favored industries, these includes aerospace. You talked about Boeing includes a lot of technology. These are the crown jewels of the U.S. But China is the world second largest economy. We're now saying we're not going to sell you our stuff? That hurts companies like Boeing. The hurts our semiconductor companies.MCDOWELL: Well, hold that thought because we're talking about it in about two minutes. And we have a lot more coming up this hour, CrowdStrike CEO and co-founder George Kurtz is here, Byron York, Washington Examiner's Chief Political Correspondent. He's a favorite of this program. And Host of "VARNEY & COMPANY" Stuart Varney. They are all coming up. But trade tensions escalating Jon Hilsenrath was talking about this. The Trump administration is said to be getting ready to restrict Chinese investment in American technology and also restrict the export of some American technology to China. Blake Burman is covering this story from the White House. Blake, explain it all, my friend.BLAKE BURMAN, FOX BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT: Well, this is coming from a report, Dagen, and good morning to you from The Wall Street Journal that says several agencies from within the Trump administration including the treasury department are set to unveil possibly this week a plan that would limit Chinese investment in technology firms. Now, according to the journal here, the magic number is 25 percent meaning if a firm that has at least 25 percent Chinese ownership, they would not be able about to acquire companies that have, "Industrially significant technology." Now, the report does caution that the plans are not finalized. We know how timing sometimes moves around here. But this also comes as one of the President's top trade advisors Peter Navarro who aligns squarely with the President as it relates to China. He's been laying the groundwork for something like this over the last week. Navarro saying that the Chinese cannot continue to acquire the crown jewels of American technology as he puts it for example just last week, he laid the groundwork in an interview on this show in which he talked about the potential impending investment restrictions. Listen here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PETER NAVARRO, DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL TRADE COUNCIL: The investment restrictions to be clear are proposed that the province of the treasury department decision of the President, the purpose of those would be to prevent China from coming in to Silicon Valley paying a very high premium they -- to be clear here, Maria, these are not business people. They don't come in just to earn a fair rate of return generate cash flow for the investors. That's not the game. The game is to pay a high premium and use those companies for strategic purposes.(END VIDEO CLIP)BURMAN: Meantime, Dagen, Harley-Davidson this morning has filed a report with the SEC saying that they plan to shift some production overseas in response to the European Union tariffs. Harley-Davidson saying they would be set to lose some 30 to 45 million for the remainder of this year. $90 to $100 million over the course of the year because of E.U. tariffs. Harley-Davidson saying in a statement, "Harley-Davidson maintains the strong commitment to U.S. base manufacturing which is valued by writers globally increasing international production to alleviate the E.U. tariffs burden is not the companies preference, but represents the only sustainable option to make its motorcycles accessible to customers in the E.U. and maintain a viable business in Europe." Dagen, we're starting to see some of the fallout. Back to you.MCDOWELL: Right. And it's not just financial and economic. It is political. These nations are targeting these American goods for politics - -(CROSSTALK)MCDOWELL: Wisconsin.BURMAN: Wisconsin Paul Ryan, you got it.MCDOWELL: Yes. Blake Burman, thank you so much. Let's talk more about this. Jon, your reaction to Harley's move because this is one company, and again, the messaging we've gotten out of this White House is essentially we're going to -- Americans need to put up with short-term pain for long- term gain in terms of our trading relationships.HILSENRATH: Right. Well, you know, what we're seeing with the Harley case it we're not getting that long-term gain yet. That, you know, right now we're very much in the pain part of these negotiations, and I wonder how long the patience of the President, and the political system will be around continuing to fight countries when we're losing on agriculture. You know, the Chinese are slapping their controls and tariffs on soybeans and other A.G. products. Now, we see Harley getting hit. We were talking earlier about Boeing being hit. So far there's a lot of cost here and we're not seeing countries to turn around and saying, all right, we'll deal -- the President wants Europe, he wants the Canadians, he wants the Chinese to basically make concessions to us and we're not seeing those concessions.RICHARD FOWLER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I don't think we're going to see those concessions at least from China's perspective. I mean I think what the Chinese government is going to do and what we've seen them do in the at least if past is prologue is they're going to absorbed a lot of this. The Chinese government is going to say, we're going to help our industries. We're going to protect our industries as best we can and I don't think you have an appetite from our Congress to do same for our industries. And I think one thing is going after China, right, because we know that China is dumping steel. We know that China is dumping aluminum. I was for that.MCDOWELL: Stealing our tech --(CROSSTALK)FOWLER: -- and intellectual property. I --(CROSSTALK)FOWLER: Dagen, I agree and I think going after China is one thing, but I also I think, well, what's problematic is us having trade war or trade.MCDOWELL: Tit-for-tat.FOWLER: Tit-for-tat with Canada, Mexico, Europe which are now all in this mix.MCDOWELL: Our allies.HILSENRATH: There's -- some people would argue that we kind of botched this strategically that we could have gotten the Europeans to work with us.FOWLER: Absolutely.HILSENRATH: The deal with the Chinese --(CROSSTALK)HILSENRATH: -- return Europeans into adversaries in this -- in this whole affair also the Canadians and the Mexicans, so there's this strategic question of whether we're going about this the right way.MCDOWELL: But how much are the Europeans really adversaries? I'm going to push back on this because again President Trump went to that G7 meeting and said, let's just have a level-playing field, and let's just get rid of -- like let's actually negotiate something with all of these nations where we're equal trading partners.HILSENRATH: And the German carmakers are trying to call our bluff right now because they're saying, all right. We'll zero out all of our tariffs on autos and the question is, if we do that, we'd be willing to zero out our tariffs on --(CROSSTALK)PARTSINEVELOS: -- but what about the industry agricultural industry in the United States being heavily subsidized. We're talking about removing tariffs, but then what about the subsidies going to these farmers here and that's their argument? I know an argument Canada makes.MCDOWELL: Here's what I've been thinking about of the last few days is the economy is strong, you know, Jon. If you're going to pick a time to do this, if you're going to pick a time to try and level the playing field, and right our trade agreements with other nation, and it might cause some short-term economic pain, isn't this best time to do it?HILSENRATH: This certainly a time when we have that benefit. The question again is where the concessions that we're supposed to be getting from all this, you know, from the fights that we're picking. And then the other thing I would say is if we're -- if now is the time, we better get this done in the next couple of years because by 2020, a lot of impetus from tax cuts and from spending increases wears off, a 4 percent economy today could be back in 2 percent or less range by 2020, so it's a narrow window that we have to work with.FOWLER: I think you're right and I think I would add to that. I mean think about the plants that just got built in South Carolina by Volvo, so you have foreign direct investments coming into the United States. But now, Volvo as a company, they're worried that if these tariffs go down, those 4,000 workers in South Carolina could be out of a job, so the hurt is going to start the hurting American workers and our -- and that might --(CROSSTALK)HILSENRATH: -- say is at a time of 3.8 percent unemployment does not a lot of hurt. I mean we have --(CROSSTALK)FOWLER: That's going to be some pain.MCDOWELL: That's the one thing I don't understand with the -- with the European automakers is 4 percent of the cars sold in the United States are made in Germany every year. But these are companies that employ thousands of American workers. And in fact, foreign automakers will suit this year will build more cars and trucks in America than the Detroit Three.FOWLER: I agree.MCDOWELL: That the foreign -- there are incredible employers in the United States, so couldn't we figure something out? I want to get to this -- I want to get to this President Trump tweet, I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI. Although, I do not legally have to because of the now totally discredited and very expensive witch hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ and FBI aren't giving over requested documents? And Judge Napolitano talk about that very thing. Coming up, aiming to appease, Apple now says it will fix faulty MacBook keyboards for free after a wave of complaints over sticky keys. We'll tell you which models are eligible for the free fix. And the force is strong with this, Han Solo's blaster fetching top dollar at auction. We'll tell you how much the Return of the Jedi weapon went for, next.MCDOWELL: European leaders failed to reach an agreement to solve that migration crisis. Cheryl Casone has the details. Cheryl?CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Yes, Dagen. 16 E.U. leaders held an emergency meeting yesterday but no deal was reached in this. German Chancellor Angela Merkel wants to send some of the migrants back to Italy but Italy's new nationalist government strongly has rejected that idea. Many refugees have arrived in Europe by crossing the Mediterranean Sea to Italy. Later this week, all 28 E.U. ladders are set to meet in Brussels to further discuss the issue but so far they're very apart.Apple is going to fix your book Macbook Pro Keyboard for free. Apple has made the rare acknowledgement of a flaw in one of its products. This all happened on Friday. Customers have reported that keys have stopped working for no apparent reason. Apple announced it will cover the cost for Macbooks purchase within the last four years. (INAUDIBLE) Wired, Apple is facing at least three class action lawsuits over the apparently flawed design. Shares of Apple are trading low in the premarket down more than three quarters of a percent. Well, get this. Hans Solo prop from Return of the Jedi has fetched a stellar price.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRISON FORD, ACTOR: Chewie, give me the gun! Don't move, Lando!DONALD GLOVER, ACTOR: No, wait! I thought you were blind!FORD: It's all right. I can see a lot better! Don't move!GLOVER: Up a little higher! Just a little higher!(END VIDEO CLIP)CASONE: That blaster that he was just holding right there, you can see it. The top-selling item in Hollywood-themed auction that happened over the weekend, reports say Ripley's believe it or not bought it for $550,000. Now, Maria had a close-up look in it during a preview back in May. It's not a record for Star Wars item. Last year we should just add here, an R2- D2 from several Star Wards film sold for 2.76 million but there is the small blaster. By the way, Todd Fisher, Debbie Reynolds brother also has one of the blasters that she held but he's keeping it himself right now for sentimental reasons, Dagen.MCDOWELL: I would take an R2-D2. That would be awesome.CASONE: Yes.MCDOWELL: Who played R2-D2? Do you remember?CASONE: 2.7 million.MCDOWELL: Did anybody know who played R2-D2?FOWLER: McDowall, Rod, yes?MCDOWELL: No. No. Roddy McDowall was in planet -- was in the original Planet of the Apes. C-3PO -- R2-D2 was Kenny Baker and C-3PO was played by Anthony Daniels. I think Anthony Daniels is still in.HILSENRATH: I should have known not to get into it.(CROSSTALK)FOWLER: She knew she was setting it up.(CROSSTALK)MCDOWELL: You know what, I always have said that I hate when people do that, and I just did it. Like all does like, hey, let me give you a quiz, no, no. What's going on? Coming up combating economic espionage, the Trump administration now aiming to crack down on China's intellectual property theft. We look at how companies can protect their crown jewels. Plus, a prime expansion. Big discounts are now coming to a Whole Foods near you if you're an Amazon prime member that is. We've got the details straight ahead.MCDOWELL: The Trump administration preparing to curb Chinese investments in U.S. technology, according to The Wall Street Journal, the Treasury Department will unveil details about blocking firms with at least 25 percent Chinese ownership from buying companies with industrially significant technology. The move highlights the growing importance of cybersecurity to our nation's security as a whole. Joining us now CEO and cofounder of CrowdStrike, George Kurtz. CrowdStrike is the cybersecurity firm that first identified Russian hackers for the data breach of the Democratic National Committee. George, what can companies do to protect their intellectual property? And do you agree with the steps that the Treasury Department seems to be taking?GEORGE KURTZ, CEO, CROWDSTRIKE: Well, as we all know, China has been very prolific in stealing intellectual property over many years. So, one of the main things that we see is that most organizations actually don't have visibility into do their own networks and their own systems. And the steps occur over many years, many times undetected. So, big part of the overall security program is making sure that you can identify these adversaries and you can stop them using things like Artificial Intelligence but visibility is a big piece of that.HILSENRATH: George, we have been looking at stories for months now about breaches in -- on Facebook and on, you know, a lot of other financial services companies. What can an individual watching you do to protect their own identity from these kinds of breaches?KURTZ: Well, from an individual perspective, one of the biggest challenges we see is that most individuals either use the same password or easily give the password out. And in fishing attacks, that's one of the main areas where individuals get compromised. They will give username and password to a site that will then turn around reuse that to gain access either to their own e-mail system or to other systems they may be enrolled in. So, protecting those passwords and using a password program that generators random passwords and keeping those stored secularly is going to be key for an individual.PARTSINEVELOS: Hi. This is Kristina. I just want to ask, do you think that the problem really stems in the actual companies internally that they're not spending enough in doing a good job to protect the data that's in their company because we're seeing, you know, maybe not enough money being spent there. The technology isn't up to date. What are your thoughts on that?KURTZ: Well, there is a lot of money being spent in security and oftentimes it's not in the right spots. If you think about these attacks and we talk -- we talk about network attacks, yes, they're over the network but mostly they're focused on getting to the individual endpoints, the desktops or the servers and those are often unprotected. Unfortunately, using signature based technologies like antivirus that depend on seeing the attack first so they can create a signature. That's why Artificial Intelligence and machine learning is so important in the security field to be able to identify these threats without ever seeing them before and that's really critical for companies to think about that next generation of technology to a protect themselves.FOWLER: So, George, here is a question for you. So what can folks at home do right now to increase their level of privacy in their security? Is there an app that they can download to protect their password, to protect their privacy? Is there something they can do today to make sure that, you know, they're not, you know, their bank account isn't hacked tomorrow which I think it's what people are worried about at home.KURTZ: Well, the number one thing I would tell a consumer at home is to ask the site that you work -- that you are using if they have two-factor authentication or investigate that whether it's Google, whether it's your banking site. Many of them have two-factor authentication. Having that second factor like authentication of your phone, oftentimes you'll see the text messages come by. Those will make a dramatic difference in making sure that you can maintain the security of your password. The second thing is to look at the privacy settings. I think we have all gotten these notices over the last couple of months for GDPR which gives you a lot more flexibility and a lot more power into controlling what privacy settings you have. If you're a Facebook user, make sure you go to privacy settings and turn it down to the point where you're comfortable not leaking that private information out.MCDOWELL: George, I have something more specific for your company, CrowdStrike recently raised $200 million in a new round of funding. You saw the company's value rise to $3 billion. Tell us more about that IPO on the horizon, maybe?KURTZ: Well, we're certainly have size and scale and I think given our subscription in nature of what we do, it's, you know, very attractive for Wall Street. I think we had great opportunity to raise money at a great evaluation which some big investors likes General Atlantic, IVP, and Exel and others that that have participated in the round. So, we're excited about the opportunity for geographic expansion. I think the technology that we've built, the next gen endpoint technology basically builds out Artificial Intelligence in a cognitive platform has really resonated with enterprise customers and it's one of the reasons why we're one of the top- rated Gartner companies in security right now.MCDOWELL: Looking at the world, which country is the gravest threat to the United States in terms of hacking and our technological security? Is it Russia? Is it North Korea? Is it China? Is it -- is it another -- a merging nefarious nation?KURTZ: You know, out of the hit parade it's hard to pick a winner. Unfortunately, each one has their own capabilities and any time you see a geopolitical blip if you will whether it's a trade war with China or whether it's, you know, backing out of the Iran Deal, you're going to see a lot more around the cybersecurity activities because espionage is one of the number one reasons why these countries are active in this. They can understand what's happening behind the scenes, they can get the sentiment of the companies and administration. And they use that information very effectively. Certainly, you've been talking about intellectual property theft.MCDOWELL: Right.KURTZ: You're talking about billions and billions of dollars that have been stolen over many years to basically recreate what is -- what is taking the U.S. companies and other European companies many, many years and many millions and billions of dollars to create themselves. It's a real problem and now that we see these trade wars, we're seeing a lot more activity out of China specifically around intellectual property theft.MCDOWELL: Let me ask you this, before we go. North Korea we had this summit, President Trump and Kim Jong-un in Singapore, have you seen a decrease at all in the espionage of the wrongdoing by North Korea in terms of hacking?KURTZ: I don't think anything is subsided. They have pretty good capabilities. They've really increased their capabilities over the last couple years. They've been very active in things like ransonware, it's kind of hard to fine North Korea because of the sanctions, so they've been very active in ransomware and funding their own activities. Espionage have been a big driver for them. So we haven't seen anything subside, in fact, things tend to go up when you see these big geopolitical events in terms of hacking.MCDOWELL: Yes. George, great to see you. Thank you so much. George Kurtz.KURTZ: All right. Thank you.MCDOWELL: Take care. Please come back soon. Coming up, a new deadline from Devin Nunes. The House Intelligence Committee Chair calling on the Justice Department to deliver more information about an FBI informant by the end of business today. Look at whether law enforcement will comply straight ahead. Plus, a very special delivery, firefighters in one New York town going the extra mile to help deliver a pizza. We will tell you about it.MCDOWELL: Welcome back. I am Dagen McDowell in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Monday, June 25th, your top stories at 8:30 a.m. Eastern.A fresh trade threat sending ripples through the markets this morning. Futures pointing to a sell-off. President Trump is said to plan to block Chinese investments in some U.S. technology, and limit the export of U.S. technology, in some way, to Beijing. And you have losses across the board right now some of these tech stocks like Intel, very hard hit in premarket trading, and you look at these U.S. futures: Dow S&P, NASDAQ 100, the one that is losing the most in premarket is the NASDAQ, so watch this tech stocks in a shining spot in this market. In Europe, we have losses across the board. The FTSE 100 in England and the Dax, down 1-1/2 percent each. In Asia overnight, markets lower except for the Kospi, in South Korea gaining 6/10 of one percent.A new day new deadline: House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes giving FBI until the end of business today to explain his alleged informant in the Trump campaign. Congressman John Ratcliffe spoke to Maria Bartiromo on "SUNDAY MORNING FUTURES" about the latest on the I.G. report.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. JOHN RATCLIFFE (R), TEXAS: This is the FBI's own independent referee who's saying that he's deeply troubled and concerned that it is Peter Strzok and other Trump-hating agents and lawyers collecting evidence and making every decision for the first nine months of that investigation, that that is by definition prejudicial to the fair and impartial administration of justice.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCDOWELL: More on the that showdown coming up. Plus, Congresswoman Maxine Waters speaking out urging people to confront members of the Trump administration in public. It comes after White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders was kicked out of a Virginia restaurant in Lexington, Virginia. The growing outrage ahead.Plus, Tesla charges beyond thunderdome. It's new auto pilot system could soon include a "Mad Max" lane changing setting in the future. And a pizza delivery worker gets a helping hand from local firefighters. The special delivery, later this hour. And to our top story right here right now, House Intelligence Committee Chairman, Devin Nunes giving Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein until 5:00 today, to hand over information regarding the FBI's potential use of informants in the Trump campaign. Here now: Byron York -- one of our favorite guests -- Chief Political Correspondent for the Washington Examiner, a Fox News Contributor. Byron, will Nunes ever get all of the documents that he wants? Because he seems to set deadlines but never get everything, what do you say?BYRON YORK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR AND CHIEF POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT FOR THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER: It's another day, another deadline -- you're actually right. I think, clearly, he's pretty angry about this latest response. Remember the last week, the speaker of the House threatened legal action, against the Justice Department if they didn't turn over everything, told them to give it to them by the end of the week. And Nunes got a letter from FBI at 11:10 p.m. on Friday night. So, I think he kind of feels FBI is thumbing its nose at him. But if you read this letter that Nunes wrote in response, is irritated about a number of things, but the big question is: Did the FBI use informants against the Trump campaign? If so, how many? And did it pay them? That's the question he's trying to get answered, and so far, has not gotten answered.MCDOWELL: Do you think he'll get answers, though? Because you do have this ongoing -- Judge Napolitano was talking about this ongoing investigation by the special counsel, and so there's, you know, there's some legal issues.YORK: It depends on whether the speaker, Speaker Paul Ryan gets deeply involved in this and what President does as well. I think it's pretty clear that the Justice Department has made it clear that it will ignore what a single committee chairman does, even if it is chairman of the committee. But if the speaker of the House threatens some sort of punishment with the House acting as a whole, and certainly if the President says he wants to declassify something, then we will find it out. But it has been like pulling teeth.MCDOWELL: Well, I want to get your reaction to this, speaking of the President: President Trump tweeting earlier on the document turnover, "I have tried to say uninvolved with the Depart of Justice and FBI, although I do not legally have to because of the now totally discredited and very expensive witch hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ and FBI aren't giving over requested documents?" What is in the President's power, Byron, that he could do because you did talk about declassification?YORK: Well, he could do some sort of blanket declassification if he wants. I think, maybe, in model would be -- remember that, that House memo, the House Intelligence Committee memo several months back where they put together information about the dossier and it is being used to get a wiretap on Carter Page. They wrote this document based on what they knew. They said we are going to make this public. They voted on it. The FBI went nuts. They made few changes, on behalf of the FBI, and then the President. The President declassified it. So, if there could be some sort of process where there wasn't just some sort of willy-nilly declassification but some specific information needs to be seen by the public, then the President could do that.MCDOWELL: This is -- I'm going out on a limb and this is going to sound like a conspiracy theory. But the behavior by the DOJ and the FBI, and certainly what you read in some from some of the press, is essentially goading the President. They're trying to push him and needle him into doing something rash and drastic. Do you buy that?YORK: I don't know exactly what they're doing --MCDOWELL: -- what I'm saying, though, is like the narrative is being fire -- he's going to fire Bob Mueller. How many times has that question been screamed in White House briefings? And I just wonder if there's something amiss?YORK: I do think -- well, the fire Bob Mueller thing in part on the part of Democrats and some people on the press, you're exactly right, they've thrown that out almost as if they're daring the President to do it. What the Justice Department is doing, I mean obviously, Republicans think the Justice Department must have something to hide because they're hiding this all the time. On the other hand, there are institutional imperatives when you have one branch of government banging up against the other branch of government -- that's clearly what we've got now. And you do have -- let's remember what Judge Napolitano said: you do have a Mueller investigation, and perhaps the point that some of this stuff has to remain secret as long as that investigation is active.MCDOWELL: And they are. The FBI is hiding something because, again, that, that text message from Peter Strzok about getting rid of Donald Trump, that was hidden -- the I.G. only got that in May using Department of Defense technology to uncover it. So, there is that effort to hide something.YORK: And that was not giving it over to the inspector general, not even just to Congress, and something that members of Congress are really suspicious. Because, you know, in that exchange between Strzok and Page, Page had said: Donald Trump is not going to become President, is he? And next line was, no, we'll stop it. And the question was handed over to Congress. But the answer, which is perhaps the most incendiary of all the Strzok-Page texts, was not, and people are really, really suspicious about that, it does not help the FBI when it claims to be turning over everything.MCDOWELL: Byron, so, Peter Strzok -- what happens this week in terms of him testifying? Because I actually quoted one of your tweets, about how this dude -- you did not use the word "dude" --YORK: Dude.MCDOWELL: -- but he was -- he is the linchpin, leading the Hillary Clinton e-mail server investigation, and then moving on to the Trump-Russia investigation winding up on the Mueller team; only kicked off of that team and kicked into human resources when these text messages were uncovered by the inspector general.YORK: Well, Strzok is -- through his lawyer is apparently volunteering to testify. And you are right, I think, I think the point here is the members of Congress, if they do get Peter Strzok in front of them answering questions, should probably not spend a huge amount of time on bias, and you know, beating him up over bias. It's like, you don't like Trump, we know that, we get it. Instead, this man, Peter Strzok, is the source of all information as far as the FBI-Trump-Russia investigation is concerned, ask him about the dossier, ask him about the informants, ask him about the so- called electronic communication which started the whole thing. Ask him about all this stuff; he was in the middle of it all.MCDOWELL: Turning -- I want to turn to the controversy after White House Spokeswoman Sarah Sanders was kicked out of that restaurant, The Red Hen, in Lexington, Virginia. The President tweeted about it this morning and I'll get your response: "The Red Hen restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors, and windows. Badly needs a paint job rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside." This is -- this is actually very -- kind of basic about this one particular restaurant. But, again, this is part of the resistance. This is part of the intolerance that you see on the left, and we had Congressman Maxine Waters over weekend urging people confront members of the Trump administration in public. Byron listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. MAXINE WATERS (D), CA: If you see anybody from that cabinet in a restaurant, in a department store, and a gasoline station, you get out and you (INAUDIBLE), and you put that on them, and you tell them they're not welcome!(END VIDEO CLIP)MCDOWELL: Is this Red Hen incident the basket of deplorables equivalent for the mid-terms? Because, again, you hear that these kinds of comments, and a lot of people on the left said hey, everybody should get served. But you hear kind of comments, and it really brings Trump voters and Republicans together.YORK: Yes, and first of all, gives President Trump credit doing a negative Yelp review on his Twitter feed. This is something that's going to be very, very troubling for Democrats, in the next few months, because clearly, the base. I mean, the real resistance base is so angry that they'll do something like, you know, confront a Trump official in a restaurant and these were abolished ICE activists who did that with Kirstjen Nielsen here in Washington. And then, what happened in Lexington, Virginia with Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Now, what's beginning -- what you're beginning to see now is that a number of Democrats are being asked about that. Would agree with this? Do you think it's a good idea to not allow anyone associated with the Trump administration to even go into a restaurant and have dinner? And I think that it's going to make the Democratic candidates very uncomfortable even as their most passionate supporters think it's a good idea.MCDOWELL: Byron, thank you for that. We've got more Trump tweets to get to if you want to sit tight, I'll get your quick reaction because it's about immigration and its interesting. President Trump just tweeted this: "Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job, and that our facilities are cleaner, and better run than the facilities under Obama. Fake news working overtime." There is more on this, about hiring many thousands of judges going through a long complicated legal process, is not the way to go. People must simply be stopped at the border. He's talking about due process. Byron, thank you for that. We've got to run.YORK: Thank you, Dagen.MCDOWELL: Coming up, G.E. under pressure. The manufacturing giant reportedly nearing a deal to sell off even more of its assets, and prime perks discounts at Whole Foods coming up.MCDOWELL: G.E. reportedly nearing a deal to sell its industrial engines unit. Nicole Petallides on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange with details. Nicole?NICOLE PETALLIDES, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Good morning, Dagen. So, we're watching General Electricity this morning which, of course, has been under pressure over 50 percent to the downside over the last 52 weeks. Relatively flat, but in the down market, it's looking slightly higher on this deal that is near the deal to sell off two industrial -- these are industrial engines units, and that's going over to Advent, and it appears to have beat out keynote out Cummins for this. And it's roughly a $3- billion deal. John Flannery, CEO, said he wanted to sell off the assets of roughly $20 billion, and just about everything is on the table as he continues to try and turn around this company. Of course, these were former acquisitions of Jeff Immelts. Also, G.E. this week, out of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, out after over a century. And so, that will happen tomorrow. Walgreens Boots Alliance comes in.And then, there's Amazon. Well, they were rolling it out and now it's going to be in full force and available everywhere. You can see it to the downside this morning. Amazon Prime in your Whole Foods, get your discounts on your sale items and many other items. The Amazon said they have seen everybody signing up so quickly for this one, and all you have to do is go to get your app, your Whole Foods app, or use your phone number and you'll get the discounts, too. Back to you.MCDOWELL: Thank you, Nicole. Nicole Petallides at the New York Stock Exchange. The anti-Trump sentiment reaching a boiling point, tensions flaring after White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders was asked to leave a Virginia restaurant. Joining me now, the host of "VARNEY & COMPANY," Stuart Varney. What say you, Sir? I'm really curious to hear your thoughts on this.STUART VARNEY, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Fit to be tied, I think this is an absolutely disgraceful period in our history and emerged in full force over the weekend. As you mentioned, Sarah Huckabee Sanders asked politely to leave a restaurant where she was dining with some members of her family. Stephen Miller, shouts a fascist when he walks into a restaurant. Pam Bondi has to be escorted out of a movie theatre by the police, because protesters were screaming in her face, you are a horrible person. And now, we have Maxine Waters, Congresswoman from Southern California. She's encouraging anti-Trump people to hound Trump people in gas stations, department stores, and restaurants.This is absolutely and utterly wrong. This is a democracy. We solve our political disputes by debate and talk, we don't take it to the streets and fighting. Who would want to be a public official after this? Who would want to have their private lives totally invaded by violent people, just because you are part of an administration? I think it's outrageous, and I think that the bottom line here is somebody is going to get hurt. Perhaps soon.MCDOWELL: And Stuart, we have to raise the issue, somebody did get hurt. Steve Scalise was shot on a -- on a baseball field at a baseball practice.VARNEY: I just feel that over the weekend, it became particularly intense for just the private lives of Trump administration people. They're now to be invaded wherever they go, that is a disgrace.MCDOWELL: Stuart, we'll see you in almost nine minutes.VARNEY: You will, promise.MCDOWELL: "VARNEY & COMPANY" every day, 9:00 a.m. to noon. A special delivery firefighters in one New York town going the extra mile to help deliver a pizza. We'll tell you about it.MCDOWELL: The pilot of a hot-air balloon narrowly avoiding disaster in Michigan. Cheryl Casone has the details on this. Cheryl?CASONE: In the pictures, Dagen, the pilot who was the only person onboard rescued by two fishermen after the balloon hit power lines early yesterday morning and fell into a lake during a balloon festival. One of the fishermen says there was a big explosion and fire after the balloon's basket struck power lines. Fortunately, the pilot wasn't hurt. The FAA is investigating the cause of this accident.Well, Tesla CEO Elon Musk is teasing a "Mad Max" Mode for Tesla's autonomous driving. Musk re-tweeted this photo from a follower that shows the Tesla Semi-trucks Photoshopped into a "Mad Max" chase scene. The creator then tweets, "Wow! Love the press photos for the new Tesla truck. Elon Musk truly a vision of the future." Well, Musk responded with a surprise of his own. He tweeted out this picture of a Tesla's autopilot setting that shows an actual "Mad Max" Mode for the blind threshold which is currently in development by the company. Then, Musk joked that Tesla can make an even more aggressive level called "L.A. Freeway Mode." So, there you go. Shares of Tesla, up seven percent so far for the year.And when's the last time the firefighters deliver pizza to your door? How about probably never? Well, it actually happened over the weekend in upstate New York. There was a crash that involved two vehicles, a pizza deliver guy was injured in that crash, so firefighters responded to the scene, and then they decided to drop off the pizza themselves. Of course, once they guy the pizza delivery guy safely into an ambulance. You can see a big smile on this customer's face. So, they completed the job. There you have it, Dagen.MCDOWELL: Love it. Thank you so much, Cheryl. The President keeps tweeting about the border crisis. I got the sum of this tweet, but here's the entire thing, "Hiring many thousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process is not the way to go -- will always be dysfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country. If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in its tracks and at very little by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer, and we must continue to build the wall. Coming up, we'll have some final thoughts from our all-stars.MCDOWELL: Richard, final thoughts.FOWLER: Well, I want to say this, let's not forget why some of these people are coming to our southern border. Nicaragua, Honduras, and Guatemala are the three most dangerous countries on earth and these people are literally surviving to life, so we should give them the same compassion, the compassion that Sarah Huckabee Sanders should receive at the Red Hen.MCDOWELL: He took up your time, but thank you for being here, Jon and Kristina Partsinevelos.HILSENRATH: Thanks a lot.MCDOWELL: Again, that will be the final thought. Mr. Varney, take it away.Load-Date: June 25, 2018End of Document

White House decides against outright limits on Chinese investmentCNN WireJune 28, 2018 Thursday 3:43 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 691 wordsByline: By Julia HorowitzDateline: NEW YORK (CNNMoney) BodyNEW YORK (CNNMoney) --  The Trump administration has decided against imposing outright limits on Chinese investment in the United States.Instead, it will rely on Congress to strengthen an existing government body that evaluates individual corporate deals for national security risks, senior administration officials told reporters early Wednesday.The Commerce Department is still looking into enhanced export controls, which would stop US firms from shipping certain technology to China.The decision is a more moderate approach as President Donald Trump tries to balance his desire to crack down on "unfair" Chinese trade practices without hurting US economic growth. Tech stocks declined sharply earlier this week when news reports suggested Trump would choose broad limits on Chinese investment."We are not singling out China," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told CNBC on Wednesday following the administration's announcement.The United States has long accused China of stealing trade secrets, costing the economy billions of dollars in revenue and thousands of jobs.Now the Trump administration is trying to force China to change its ways. Part of the US response includes imposing tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods, some of which are set to go into effect next month.But US authorities have also been looking into investment restrictions.In March, Trump directed Mnuchin to consider restrictions that would address concerns about Chinese investment "in industries or technologies deemed important to the United States."The White House signaled in May that it would adopt restrictions on Chinese investment in "industrially significant technology." It said the specifics of its plan would be officially announced by June 30, which is Saturday.News outlets including CNN reported earlier this week that the administration was considering a rule to bar firms with at least 25% Chinese ownership from buying American companies that are involved in technology that the White House considers important.Those reports triggered a sell-off in tech stocks. After news of the White House decision broke early Wednesday, stock futures rallied.Mnuchin said Wednesday that the White House expects lawmakers to act quickly to protect US technology.Congress is working on legislation that would strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, an inter-agency panel chaired by the Treasury Department. The panel vets certain deals that could give foreign investors control of a US business for national security concerns.The legislation has bipartisan support in both the House and Senate, and top Trump administration officials endorsed the reform initiative earlier this year.The House passed a bill expanding CFIUS' authority this week. A similar bill passed the Senate earlier this month.At a weekly news briefing on Thursday, Chinese Commerce Ministry spokesman Gao Feng said China is closely monitoring the developments and assessing the potential impact on Chinese companies.CFIUS has already been more aggressive under Trump, especially on China. Experts say the panel has examined more deals, while paying particular attention to partnerships that could give foreign companies access to sensitive technology or personal data on Americans.Chinese investment in the United States has declined dramatically amid heightened regulatory scrutiny.Investment plunged more than 90% in the first five months of 2018 compared with the same period a year earlier, according to a report last week by Rhodium Group, a research firm that tracks Chinese foreign investment.It said CFIUS and other US regulators have become a "major hurdle" for Chinese investors who are already dealing with restrictions placed by the Chinese government on foreign investment.The president's choice to back away from strict restrictions on Chinese investment marks a slight easing of tensions as US tariffs on China are set to go into effect.More than 800 Chinese exports worth $34 billion will be subject to tariffs starting July 6.-- Steven Jiang contributed to this report.TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.NotesUpdated 11:43p ET with comment from Chinese governmentLoad-Date: June 28, 2018End of Document

Reality Shares Launches First-Ever China Blockchain ETF; BCNA offers exposure to Chinese companies at the forefront of the burgeoning blockchain technology ecosystemBusiness WireJune 20, 2018 Wednesday 1:00 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business Editors; Financial EditorsLength: 1111 wordsDateline: SAN DIEGO BodyReality Shares , an innovative asset management firm, exchange-traded fund (ETF) issuer and index provider, today launches the first ETF to give investors access to China-based companies potentially leading the blockchain technology revolution.The Reality Shares Nasdaq NexGen Economy China ETF (Nasdaq: BCNA) tracks the Reality Shares Nasdaq Blockchain China Index, which seeks to identify and invest in Chinese companies committing material resources to develop and implement blockchain technology. The index rebalances semiannually and is comprised of 31 constituents."China is quickly becoming a global epicenter for blockchain innovation. In 2017, the nation filed for more blockchain-related patents than any other country in the world1, and the Chinese government recently endorsed blockchain technology as an economic 'breakthrough,'" said Eric Ervin, CEO of Reality Shares. "China's blockchain industry presents an incredibly exciting and long-term investment opportunity, and through BCNA, investors can now easily access this emergent market."BCNA's index components are determined by Reality Shares' proprietary Blockchain Score(TM) methodology, which evaluates companies based on seven key factors, including: role in blockchain ecosystem, blockchain product stage, blockchain economic impact, Blockchain Institute membership, research and development expenditure, company filings and innovation. In addition, the fund's advisory board is stacked with six well-regarded blockchain and cryptocurrency executives who are involved in the research process.Reality Shares entered the blockchain technology space earlier this year with the launch of the            Reality Shares Nasdaq NexGen Economy ETF (Nasdaq: BLCN) . BCNA serves as a complementary product to BLCN, offering U.S. investors exposure to Chinese blockchain-related company A-shares for the first time.For more information, please visit http://go.realityshares.com/story/the-bcna-etf/ or call 855-595-0240.About Reality SharesReality Shares is an innovative asset management firm, ETF issuer and index provider. Reality Shares' goal is to democratize the world's best investing ideas, using systematic quantitative methods to deliver products and solutions that support a wide range of investing objectives, such as diversification, lower correlation, risk mitigation or unique market exposures.For more information, visit www.realityshares.com .1. CoinTelegraph: "China Filed For The Most Blockchain Patents in 2017", Mar 25 2018DefinitionsThe Reality Shares Nasdaq Blockchain China Index: The Index is designed to measure the returns of companies that are committing material resources to developing, researching, supporting, innovating or utilizing blockchain technology for their proprietary use or for use by others, and are incorporated in Hong Kong and mainland China.A-shares: They trade on the two Chinese stock exchanges, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. A-shares are shares of mainland China-based companies.DisclaimerCarefully consider the investment objective, risks, charges and expenses before investing in Reality Shares ETFs. This and other important information can be found in the Fund's prospectus, which may be obtained by calling 855-595-0240 or by visiting us at realityshares.com . Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.Investing involves risks, including possible loss of principal. Shares are not FDIC insured and may lose value. Past performance does not guarantee future results.For BCNA, there is no guarantee or assurance the methodology used to create the respective Benchmark Index will result in the Fund achieving positive returns. The Fund may be more susceptible to a single adverse economic or other occurrence and may therefore be more volatile than a more diversified fund. Each Benchmark Index is constructed using a rules-based methodology based on quantitative models developed by Reality Shares. These quantitative models may be incomplete, flawed or based on inaccurate assumptions and, therefore, may lead to the selection of assets that produce inferior investment returns or provide exposure to greater risk of loss. Principal risks for the Fund include Authorized Participant Concentration Risk, Blockchain Technology Risk, Depositary Receipt Risk, Emerging Markets Risk, Equity Risk, ETF Trading Risk, Foreign Issuer Exposure Risk, Geographic Concentration Risk, Non-Blockchain Technology Business Line Risk, Index Performance Risk, Index Tracking Error Risk, Sector Risk, Industry Concentration Risk, Market Risk, and Non-Diversification Risk. See prospectus for full description of risks, which may negatively impact the Fund's investment strategy and could cause the Fund to lose money. Please review the prospectus for important risks regarding the Fund, as each of these factors could cause the value of an investment in the Fund to decline over short-and long-term periods.Blockchain technology is a new and developing technology protocol developed by companies in a manner for optimizing business practices. Blockchain technology is not a product or service with an individually attributable revenue stream. Blockchain technology may never develop optimized transactional processes that lead to increased economic returns to any company in which the Fund invests. There can be no assurance that blockchain technology will affect the primary lines of business in the Fund's portfolio companies to have a positive impact on a company's financial condition. The Benchmark Index was created and is maintained through a collaboration between Reality Shares and Nasdaq, and the Fund is listed on the Nasdaq exchange. The BCNA Fund is new and has limited trading history.ETF shares are not individually redeemable. Investors buy and sell shares of the Fund on a secondary market. Only market makers or 'authorized participants' may trade directly with the Fund, typically in blocks of 25,000 shares. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price is based on the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at the close of the market and does not represent the returns an investor would receive if shares were traded at other times.Reality Shares Advisors, LLC is the Investment Advisor. ALPS Distributors, Inc. is the Distributor for the Fund. ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with Reality Shares Advisors, LLC.RLT001031 Exp. 7/31/2018.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180620005204/en/CONTACT: Sales contact:Reality Shares855-595-0240info@realityshares.comorMedia contact:Gregory FCA for Reality SharesJill Tatios, 215-240-6398realityshares@gregoryfca.comhttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: June 21, 2018End of Document

China Takes Different Approach Than U.S. on Climate ChangeUSNEWS.comApril 20, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 U.S. News & World Report All Rights ReservedSection: CIVIC; Best Countries; Vol.; No.Length: 1007 wordsByline: Katelyn NewmanHighlight: Beijing has promoted the environment as an economic winner, but experts question the sustainability of its commitment.BodyChina faces potential trade wars with the U.S.,            grappling with its North Korean neighbor's nuclear program, and            expansion of its artificial intelligence to become the world leader of the trade. And yet, in a self-sustaining effort to maintain political stability, to pursue            economic growth and to keep citizens happy, Chinese President Xi Jinping is trying to see -- and show local officials -- that there is green to be found in going green, experts say. "China and the U.S. are basically taking different paths with respect to environmental protection," says Scott Moore, a senior fellow at the University of Pennsylvania's Kleinman Center for Energy Policy. "China has decided that it's actually really important both for its economic growth as well as for its political stability to do much more in terms of environmental protection and to ensure that its citizens have clean water, clean air." The Chinese government has implemented and continues to pursue rigorous air-pollution control measures, and has become a world leader in key pollution control technologies. Since his election in 2013, Xi            has repeatedly said that the environment must be prioritized in China's pursuit of economic growth, and he's made constitutional changes that are pro-environment and water. [ LEARN:Which countries are viewed as best at offering "green living"?] And, with its growing population size -- making up 20 percent of the world's population, China has 1.38 billion people within its borders, which is more than four times the population of the            U.S. --            China is an oversized model of government leaders needing to use environmental policy to quell public dissent over pollution while catering to its desires to grow its economy and maintain political power. Pushed by need, China may fashion itself an integral role in global environmental governance, says Fengshi Wu, a senior lecturer at the University of Melbourne's Asia Institute who specializes in environmental politics, Chinese politics and global governance. "Engaging more in a global environmental standard setting will add pressure to the Chinese government to do a better job domestically," Wu says. But the seemingly gung-ho push to protect the environment isn't necessarily pursued in a sustainable manner, Moore says. "Their goals are to provide a reasonably good quality of life for Chinese citizens and stay in power," Moore says. "Everything that they do is geared toward those things, and it co-benefits the environment -- but it's not like the Chinese government consists primarily of Sierra Club members who are sitting around trying to preserve wilderness, for wilderness' sake." Echoing Moore is Richard Louis Edmonds, a retired geographical studies visiting professor at the University of Chicago, who warns that Chinese environmental initiatives are outweighed by special interests and the need for continued growth. "I think the intent to improve the situation is there," Edmonds says. "My guess is that the state will try to control this problem to the degree that it keeps the common people from getting angry but will not harm economic growth, which also would make people angry." "The overall situation is not going to improve as rapidly as environmentalists and many others hope," Edmonds continues. ] READ:In Scandinavia, a Push for More Cycling.] On the political stage, the most significant action Xi has so far taken was when, during the 19th Congress in October 2017, he coined the catchphrase, "Building a Beautiful China" -- a signal to his party members, countrymen and people around the world of China's commitment to both environmental protection and greening the economy, according to Moore. "From a political perspective, those types of slogans in China are more important in a lot of ways than what the government proceeds to issue in terms of policies and directives," Moore says. Meanwhile, the United States -- though not to the same degree as China -- has had to deal with water distribution and pollution issues of its own increasingly so in the past decade, from the West's recurring issues with water shortages and droughts to the            Flint water crisis. Yet the Trump administration has moved to change previous Obama-era actions that will strip environmental protections in an effort to be less burdensome on local industries and promote gross domestic product growth. Further, it has in the past year            dropped climate change from its list of            national security threats, pulled the U.S. from the global            Paris climate agreement and            modified            federal websites that discuss or mention climate change. Edmonds says the U.S. government's seemingly blind eye to environmental issues may be a reflection of different priorities. "China is prioritizing water problems more than the U.S. and that is because the American voters in many states do not consider the environment to be such a serious matter and in fact water pollution is a less serious matter in the [United States]," Edmonds says. "In America, the view of environmental matters is politicized whereas in China the situation is largely outside of the political grasp of the average person, for better or for worse." But, Edmonds continues, as China continues to pursue its global trade efforts through its Belt and Road initiative, its water problems will be felt worldwide. "For countries such as the United Kingdom, U.S.A.,            Canada or any of the European Union member states, loss of water resources is a serious matter, although most of the negative implications fall on poorer and more arid countries of the world," Edmonds says. But, "we are all on this planet together, and if one country is using more than its fair share of our limited resources, that is a problem for others."Katelyn Newman is a staff writer for the Healthiest Communities division at U.S. News & World Report. You can follow her on Twitter or reach her at knewman[at]usnews.com.Graphic Picture, Street vendors sell vegetables at a local market outside a state-owned, coal-fired power plant in Huainan, China, on June 14, 2017., (Kevin Frayer/Getty Images)Load-Date: April 23, 2018End of Document

ZTE is now center stage in the US-China trade fightCNN WireMay 10, 2018 Thursday 1:06 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 827 wordsByline: By Sherisse PhamDateline: HONG KONG (CNNMoney) BodyHONG KONG (CNNMoney) --  If Chinese tech company ZTE falls, the shock waves will be felt around the globe. The smartphone and telecom equipment maker announced Wednesday that it has halted its main operations after the US government last month banned American companies from selling it vital components. The spiraling crisis at ZTE has thrust it into the heart of the escalating clash between the United States and China over trade and technology.ZTE's brief statement gave few details, but the implications were clear: a major Chinese company is warning it could go out of business because of the US government. ZTE employs about 75,000 people, and its products are sold around the world. It is the fourth largest provider of smartphones in the United States. The US government said it imposed the export ban because ZTE breached a deal struck last year in which it agreed to pay a $1.2 billion fine for violating sanctions on Iran and North Korea.ZTE is appealing the ban. Meanwhile, the Chinese government has linked the fate of the company to the trade dispute between the two countries, raising the issue with top US officials who traveled to Beijing last week for talks.China's efforts to boost its high-tech industries are a key source of tension between the two countries. And ZTE plays a role in Beijing's tech ambitions.It is one of several Chinese tech firms aggressively pursuing the development of 5G, the next generation in wireless network technology. The company boasts government and corporate clients in more than 160 countries and regions. Government pressureZTE has repeatedly come under the scrutiny of regulators and officials in the United States, which is wary of its ties to the Chinese government. The company's controlling shareholder is Shenzhen Zhongxingxin Telecommunications Equipment, a Chinese state-owned corporation.In 2012, ZTE and Huawei, another huge Chinese tech company, were the subject of a US congressional report that focused on the equipment they make for telecommunications networks. The report said the companies "cannot be trusted to be free of foreign state influence and thus pose a security threat to the United States and to our systems." Both companies strongly disputed the report's findings.US pressure has mounted this year. In February, US intelligence agencies warned Americans against buying ZTE and Huawei phones, saying the companies posed a security threat to American customers. And earlier this month, the Pentagon told stores on US military bases to stop selling phones made by Huawei and ZTE, citing security risks to the Department of Defense.US companies already hurtingBut the ban on buying parts and software from US companies has been the most damaging move for ZTE. It threatens the company's survival and will hurt suppliers and customers, including in the United States.ZTE halting operations "will hit every company in the value network across the globe," said Charlie Dai, an analyst with research firm Forrester. He said the company relies heavily on foreign suppliers for many core components. ZTE buys chips from Qualcomm, Intel and Broadcom, and optical component parts from Maynard, Acacia, Oclaro and Lumentum, among others, according to Jefferies analyst Edison Lee. The optical component makers are smaller companies and are therefore "more negatively affected by this," Lee added. Acacia, based in Massachusetts, has been hit especially hard. The company sold about $116 million worth of chips and modules to ZTE last year, accounting for roughly 30% of its annual revenue.In a recent earnings call, Acacia executives said the company had to write off $7.1 million in inventory that was slated for ZTE. Acacia shares are down more than 30% since the US government banned ZTE from buying. China will double down on its own technology If ZTE's crisis worsens, it will start to affect wireless carriers in Africa, the Middle East and Europe. It would also handicap the development of 5G, slowing down the wireless technology's evolution and adoption, especially in China, analysts say.ZTE "plays a key role in China's pursuit of owning more self-developed technologies and (building) the most advanced communications network," Lee said. Because the company is so important to Beijing's tech ambitions, Lee believes the Chinese government will "do its best" to help ZTE resolve its dispute with the United States. Whatever happens to ZTE, experts say the US crackdown on the company is likely to prompt Beijing to redouble its efforts to bolster homegrown technology -- the same efforts that have fueled tensions with Washington. "China will devote even more effort and resources to the quest for core technology," Louis Kuijs, head of Asia Economics at research firm Oxford Economics, wrote in a recent note to clients. "The doubling down will make China an even fiercer competitor sooner," he warned.TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: May 11, 2018End of Document

ZTE is now center stage in the US-China trade fightCNNMoney.comMay 9, 2018 Wednesday 12:22 PM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: TECHNOLOGYLength: 807 wordsByline: Sherisse PhamBodyIf Chinese tech company ZTE falls, the shock waves will be felt around the globe.The smartphone and telecom equipment maker announced Wednesday that it has halted its main operations after the US government last month banned American companies from selling it vital components.The spiraling crisis at ZTE has thrust it into the heart of the escalating clash between the United States and China over trade and technology.ZTE's brief statement gave few details, but the implications were clear: a major Chinese company is warning it could go out of business because of the US government.ZTE employs about 75,000 people, and its products are sold around the world. It is the fourth largest provider of smartphones in the United States.The US government said it imposed the export ban because ZTE breached a deal struck last year in which it agreed to pay a $1.2 billion fine for violating sanctions on Iran and North Korea.ZTE is appealing the ban. Meanwhile, the Chinese government has linked the fate of the company to the trade dispute between the two countries, raising the issue with top US officials who traveled to Beijing last week for talks.China's efforts to boost its high-tech industries are a key source of tension between the two countries. And ZTE plays a role in Beijing's tech ambitions.It is one of several Chinese tech firms aggressively pursuing the development of 5G, the next generation in wireless network technology. The company boasts government and corporate clients in more than 160 countries and regions.Government pressureZTE has repeatedly come under the scrutiny of regulators and officials in the United States, which is wary of its ties to the Chinese government. The company's controlling shareholder is Shenzhen Zhongxingxin Telecommunications Equipment, a Chinese state-owned corporation.In 2012, ZTE and Huawei, another huge Chinese tech company, were the subject of a US congressional report that focused on the equipment they make for telecommunications networks.The report said the companies "cannot be trusted to be free of foreign state influence and thus pose a security threat to the United States and to our systems." Both companies strongly disputed the report's findings.US pressure has mounted this year. In February, US intelligence agencies warned Americans against buying ZTE and Huawei phones, saying the companies posed a security threat to American customers. And earlier this month, the Pentagon told stores on US military bases to stop selling phones made by Huawei and ZTE, citing security risks to the Department of Defense.US companies already hurtingBut the ban on buying parts and software from US companies has been the most damaging move for ZTE. It threatens the company's survival and will hurt suppliers and customers, including in the United States.ZTE halting operations "will hit every company in the value network across the globe," said Charlie Dai, an analyst with research firm Forrester. He said the company relies heavily on foreign suppliers for many core components.ZTE buys chips from Qualcomm, Intel and Broadcom, and optical component parts from Maynard, Acacia, Oclaro and Lumentum, among others, according to Jefferies analyst Edison Lee.The optical component makers are smaller companies and are therefore "more negatively affected by this," Lee added.Acacia, based in Massachusetts, has been hit especially hard. The company sold about $116 million worth of chips and modules to ZTE last year, accounting for roughly 30% of its annual revenue.In a recent earnings call, Acacia executives said the company had to write off $7.1 million in inventory that was slated for ZTE. Acacia shares are down more than 30% since the US government banned ZTE from buying.China will double down on its own technologyIf ZTE's crisis worsens, it will start to affect wireless carriers in Africa, the Middle East and Europe.It would also handicap the development of 5G, slowing down the wireless technology's evolution and adoption, especially in China, analysts say.ZTE "plays a key role in China's pursuit of owning more self-developed technologies and (building) the most advanced communications network," Lee said.Because the company is so important to Beijing's tech ambitions, Lee believes the Chinese government will "do its best" to help ZTE resolve its dispute with the United States.Whatever happens to ZTE, experts say the US crackdown on the company is likely to prompt Beijing to redouble its efforts to bolster homegrown technology -- the same efforts that have fueled tensions with Washington."China will devote even more effort and resources to the quest for core technology," Louis Kuijs, head of Asia Economics at research firm Oxford Economics, wrote in a recent note to clients."The doubling down will make China an even fiercer competitor sooner," he warned.Load-Date: May 11, 2018End of Document

Joint Economic Committee Issues Testimony From Congressional Research ServiceTargeted News ServiceJune 27, 2018 Wednesday 7:30 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 7595 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Joint Economic Committee issued the following testimony by Rachel Fefer, analyst in international trade at the Congressional Research Service, at a hearing entitled "The Need for U. S. Leadership on Digital Trade":"Chairman Paulsen, Ranking Member Heinrich, and Members of the Joint Economic Committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today on behalf of the Congressional Research Service to discuss "The Need for U.S. Leadership on Digital Trade." My name is Rachel Fefer and I am an Analyst in International Trade at the Congressional Research Service. As requested, my testimony focuses on the possible implications of the increase in digital trade barriers across the globe and how other countries are attempting to set new international standards and rules that may impact market access for U.S. companies and U.S. consumers."What is Digital Trade?"The internet-driven digital revolution is causing fundamental change to the U.S. and global economy, leading to new modes of communication and information-sharing, business models, sources of job growth and changes to the composition of jobs, and to new policy challenges. Digital technology enables the creation of new goods and services, including, for example, e-books, online education, and online banking services. Digital technology may also affect the production process for traditional goods and services, raising productivity and/or lowering the costs and barriers related to trade flows, such as for supply chain tracking, 3-D printing, or devices or objects connected via the Internet of Things. Digital platforms serve as intermediaries for multiple forms of digital trade, including e-commerce (e.g., eBay), social media (e.g., Facebook), and cloud computing (e.g., Amazon web services). In these ways, digitization pervades every industry sector, creating challenges and opportunities for established and new players."The increase in digital trade parallels the growth in internet usage globally. Cross-border data and communication flows are part of digital trade; they also facilitate trade and the flow of goods, services, people, and finance, which together are the drivers of globalization and interconnectedness. One estimate shows that although cross-border bandwidth increased 45-fold from 2005 through 2015, it may still grow nine times larger by 2021.1"While there is no globally accepted definition of digital trade, the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) broadly defines digital trade as follows:"The delivery of products and services over the Internet by firms in any industry sector, and of associated products such as smartphones and Internet-connected sensors. While it includes provision of e-commerce platforms and related services, it excludes the value of sales of physical goods ordered online, as well as physical goods that have a digital counterpart (such as books, movies, music, and software sold on CDs or DVDs).2The Importance of Digital Trade to the U.S. and Global Economy"In 2016, the digital economy supported 5.9 million U.S. jobs, or 3.9 percent of total U.S. employment, and accounted for 6.5% of current dollar Gross Domestic Product (GDP).3 Workers in the digital economy earned average annual compensation of $114,275 compared to the economy-wide average of $66,498.4 Four U.S. firms (Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and IBM) were the top global providers of cloud services in 2016.5"The USITC estimated global e-commerce to be worth $28 trillion in 2016, of which 86 percent was business-to business activity.6 Global e-commerce grew by an estimated 44 percent over the past five years. Information and communication technology (ICT) services, a relative U.S. competitive strength, are outpacing the growth of international trade in ICT goods. The United States is the fourth-largest Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) exporter of ICT services.7 ICT-enabled services are those services with outputs delivered remotely over ICT networks, such as online banking or education, and can augment the productivity and competitiveness of goods and other services. In 2016, exports of ICT services totaled $66 billion of U.S. exports while services exports that could be potentially ICT-enabled were another $404 billion, demonstrating the impact of the internet and digital revolution.8 As digitization is integrated into the broader economy, digital trade could increasingly become the underlying facilitator of many aspects of traditional international commerce.Digital Trade Barriers"As noted in your committee's 2018 Economic Report of the President, "Digital trade has been growing rapidly in recent years," but "challenges to the smooth international flow of goods and funds may prevent trade from reaching its most efficient level."9"The increase in digital trade raises new challenges in U.S. trade policy, including how best to address new and emerging trade barriers. Protectionist policies can create barriers to digital trade, or damage trust in the underlying digital economy. This could result in fragmenting the internet, lessening any potential gains by limiting organizations' or individuals' access to markets or data. Governments must often attempt to balance a number of legitimate policy objectives related to digital trade including ensuring national security, promoting innovation and competition, and guaranteeing citizens privacy. However, legitimate policy objectives may also be cited as a rationale for actions that are actually intended to protect the domestic market from international competition. The OECD points out three potentially conflicting policy goals in the internet economy: (1) enabling the internet through regulation without hindering innovation; (2) boosting or preserving competition within and outside the internet; and (3) protecting privacy and consumers more generally.10"The U.S. policy, as stated in President Trump's National Security Strategy, is to "advocate for open, interoperable communications, with minimal barriers to the global exchange of information and services" and "promote the free flow of data."11 Foreign digital trade barriers are specifically recognized in the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR)'s annual National Trade Estimate Report.12 The report identifies a number of individual country policies across the globe that may impact U.S. digital trade, illustrating the breadth and variety of digital trade barriers (see Figure 1). Digital trade barriers, many of which are highlighted in the report, include:* High tariffs. Tariffs on ICT or digital goods or services may raise costs for sellers and potentially result in higher prices for buyers. Though World Trade Organization (WTO) agreements and U.S. free trade agreements (FTAs) eliminate tariffs on most ICT goods and digital trade, some countries have considered tariffs to raise revenue and protect domestic industries.13 Exemption from duties and simplified customs procedures for low-value shipments (i.e., a de minimus threshold) can facilitate trade and expand e-commerce exports. Raising de minimus levels may be especially important for U.S.-based small and mid-sized enterprises (SMEs) seeking to export, because the United States has a relatively high de minimus threshold ($800) compared to many U.S. trading partners (Canada's de minimus, for example, is C$20, approximately $15, recently).* Localization requirements. Governments may use privacy or national security arguments as justifications to compel companies to conduct certain digital-trade-related activities within a country's borders such as manufacturing or data processing.* Cross-border data flow limitations. Regulations limiting cross-border data flows and requiring local storage are a type of localization requirement that prohibits companies from exporting data outside a country. Governments may claim legitimate policy objectives such as protecting privacy or cybersecurity as justifications for data localization measures. These restrictions can pose barriers to companies whose transactions rely on the internet to serve customers abroad, manage global value chains, and operate more efficiently. Limiting the ability to move data across national lines may constrain the ability to use innovative technologies such as blockchain applications because cross-border data flows are needed to share and store data on a blockchain with global partners for supply chain tracking, trade finance, customs and border clearance, or other international transactions."According to a 2017 USITC report, U.S. firms cited data localization as the top policy measure impeding digital trade, and the number of data localization measures globally has doubled in the last six years.14 One U.S. business group noted increased forced localization measures, citing examples in China, Colombia, the European Union (EU), Indonesia, South Korea, Russia, and Vietnam,15 while another highlighted barriers to cloud services in Indonesia, Russia, and Vietnam.16* Intellectual property rights (IPR) infringement. IPR infringement includes copyright piracy, counterfeiting of trademarks, circumvention of technological protection measures (TPMs), cyber-theft of trade secrets, and trademark infringement related to domain names. By its nature, IPR infringement is difficult to quantify, and doing so in the digital environment is all the more challenging given that, for example, "infringing files are traded online and websites offering counterfeits are launched and accessed, countless times each day."17 According to USTR, online sales of pirated and counterfeit goods reportedly could exceed the volume of sales "through traditional channels such as street vendors and other physical markets." A 2016 International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) study estimated the value of digitally pirated music, movies, and software (not actual losses) as $213 billion in 2013 to potentially $384-$856 billion in 2022.18* Discriminatory, unique standards or burdensome testing. Local or national standards that deviate significantly from recognized international standards may limit interoperability or increase costs, and redundant testing or local registration requirements may make it difficult to enter or deter firms from entering a particular market.* Filtering or blocking of online content. Governments may seek strict control over digital data within their borders, such as what information people can access online, and how information is shared inside and outside its borders.* Restrictions on electronic payment systems. Lack of access to online payment options by foreign providers restricts the ability for companies or customers to sell and purchase online.* Cybersecurity concerns including:* Cyber-theft of U.S. trade secrets. Cyber-attacks in general are deliberate attempts by unauthorized persons to access ICT systems, usually with the goal of theft, disruption, damage, or other unlawful actions. According to the White House Council of Economic Advisers, malicious cyberactivity (i.e., business disruption, theft of proprietary information) cost the U.S. economy up to $109 billion in 2016.19* Forced technology transfer or restrictive cyber-security laws. Requiring a firm to transfer its proprietary technology or reveal its source code in order to gain market access may deter firms from entering a market or undermine their competitiveness.* Restrictions on cryptography and the use of encryption. Limiting the ability to encrypt data, or controlling the type of encryption used, may expose a company to cybersecurity risks, serving as a deterrent to market entry.(Figure 1 omitted)Digital Trade Rules"No single set of international rules or disciplines governs digital trade issues. Given the stalemate in the WTO negotiations, multilateral trade agreements have not kept pace with the complexities of the digital economy and digital trade is treated unevenly in existing WTO agreements. The rules are evolving piecemeal as governments experiment with different approaches and consider diverse policy priorities and objectives. These diverse country-specific rules may not always align with U.S. goals or policies."Policies that affect digitization in any one country's economy can have consequences beyond its borders, and because the internet is a global "network of networks," the state of a country's digital economy can have global ramifications. The lack of globally accepted rules and standards for digital trade means that individual economies around the world are creating their own rules and regulations impacting market access. For my testimony, I will focus on two large economies and how they are shaping international rules. China and the EU each use their market size to set terms that other trading partners, and U.S. companies seeking to do business in their markets, must follow.China"With a fundamentally distinct approach to the Internet compared to Western countries, China presents a number of significant opportunities and challenges for the United States in digital trade. In 2008, China overtook the United States as the world's largest Internet user (at 299 million versus 225 million users).20 As of April 2017, China had 717.3 million Internet users.21 China is the world's largest market for retail E-commerce, making it an attractive market for U.S. businesses. In 2016, China's E-commerce sales were estimated at $911 billion compared to $384 billion for the United States. 22 However, China's policies and actions have limited the ability of U.S. firms to enter or compete in the Chinese market.Internet Sovereignty"The Chinese government has sought to advance its views on how the Internet should be expanded to promote trade, but also to set guidelines and standards over the rights of governments to regulate and control the Internet, a concept it has termed "Internet Sovereignty."23 The Chinese government appears to have first advanced a policy of "Internet Sovereignty" around June 2010, stating:""Within Chinese territory the Internet is under the jurisdiction of Chinese sovereignty. The Internet sovereignty of China should be respected and protected. Citizens of the People's Republic of China and foreign citizens, legal persons and other organizations within Chinese territory have the right and freedom to use the Internet; at the same time, they must obey the laws and regulations of China and conscientiously protect Internet security."24"In December 2016, the Chinese government issued a National Cybersecurity Strategy, that emphasized China's view of cyber sovereignty and its right to promulgate policies in line with its own priorities without other countries interfering in its cyberspace.25"China has erected what is termed by some as the "Great Firewall," censoring and limiting what websites and information is available through the Internet in China. A 2018 report by the USTR cited a number of Internet-related barriers, noting that China currently blocks 12 of the top 30 global sites and up to 3,000 sites in total, limiting U.S. companies' access to Chinese customers.26 A change to China's internet filters also blocks virtual private network (or VPN) access to sites beyond the Great Firewall. VPNs have been used by individuals and businesses in China to access websites like Facebook or data (e.g., information from foreign subsidiaries or partners) outside of China.27"China's Internet sovereignty initiative represents its assertion that the government has the right to limit information and fully control the Internet within China while some see it as further evidence of a more assertive Chinese foreign policy. Other critics of China's Internet Sovereignty policy view it as an attempt by the government to limit market access by foreign Internet, digital, and high technology firms in China, in order to boost Chinese firms and reduce China's dependence on foreign technology.Cybersecurity Law"On November 7, 2016, the Chinese government passed a new Cybersecurity Law, that came into effect June 1, 2017. The American Chamber of Commerce in China (AmCham China) noted in particular the law's broad restrictions on cross-border data flows, and warned that they would "create barriers to Chinese as well as foreign companies operating in industries where data needs to be shared internationally."28 The law's data localization requirements create a barrier to companies that want to use U.S. cloud-based services to access or better serve Chinese customers, share information with headquarters or subsidiaries abroad, or use innovative technologies such as blockchain29 that depend on free flow of information."A 2017 USTR report cited "significant declines in commercial sales of foreign ICT products and services in China," as evidence that China continued to maintain "mercantilist policies under the guise of cybersecurity."30 Some analysts have expressed concerns that one of the main goals of the new cybersecurity law is to promote the development of indigenous technologies and impose restrictions on foreign firms. For example, the law states that "critical network equipment and specialized network security products shall follow the national standards and mandatory requirements, and be safety certified by a qualified establishment or meet the requirements of a safety inspection, before being sold or provided."31 The new law mandates reviews by the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) on foreign and domestic technology suppliers to ensure that their technology is "secure and controllable.""The CAC can also refuse to certify a product for unspecified risks to national security.32 The term "secure and controllable" is another ambiguous term that has not been fully defined by Chinese authorities, raising concerns that it could be used as a process either to lock out foreign technology firms in China or force them to transfer technology and share proprietary information, such as source code (to demonstrate that there are no vulnerabilities that hackers can exploit), with Chinese regulators or partners.IPR Theft"China is considered by most analysts to be the largest source of global theft of IP and a major source of cyber theft of U.S. trade secrets, including by government entities, deterring some U.S. firms from entering the Chinese market and potentially limiting the profitability of those that do. American firms cite the lack of effective and consistent protection and enforcement in China of U.S. IPR as one of the largest challenges they face in doing business in China.33 Although China has improved its IPR protection regime over the past few years, many U.S. industry officials view piracy rates in China as unacceptably high. A 2017 survey by the U.S.-China Business Council found that 94% of respondents said they were concerned about IPR in China.34"Technology transfer requirements, whether formal through regulations limiting foreign investment or requiring joint ventures, or informal by applying pressure on companies seeking to do business in China, are a major complaint of U.S. firms seeking to protect their proprietary information. A 2018 USTR Section 301 investigation into Chinese laws, policies, practices, and actions that may harm American IPR, innovation, or technology development concluded that China (1) uses joint venture requirements, foreign investment restrictions, and administrative review and licensing processes to force or pressure technology transfers from American companies; (2) uses discriminatory licensing processes to transfer technologies from U.S. companies to Chinese companies; (3) directs and facilitates investments and acquisitions that generate large-scale technology transfer; and (4) conducts and supports cyber intrusions into U.S. computer networks to gain access to valuable business information. The USTR estimated that such policies cost the U.S. economy at least $50 billion annually.35China's Influence on Other Countries"China's FTAs have limited commitments on digital trade. For example, the Australia-China FTA contains a chapter on electronic commerce, with provisions relating to the prohibition of customs duties on electronic transmissions, regulatory transparency, and consumer protection among others. However, it is not enforceable through the agreement's dispute settlement procedures, potentially limiting its effectiveness."Many analysts argue that China's policies are setting protectionist precedents globally, limiting market access to U.S. or other foreign firms and potentially splintering or fragmenting the Internet. Other countries have sought to imitate China's policies by requiring local data storage and limiting cross-border data flows, filtering and censoring online content, or requiring access to source code in the name of national security or cybersecurity. As noted above, Russia and Vietnam have used cybersecurity as a rationale for laws that require local data storage.European Union"While the United States and the EU share broad objectives for an open and rules-based international trading system, particular differences in policies may have ramifications on digital flows and international trade with significant economic consequences given the size of the trading relationship. The transatlantic economy accounts for half of the global gross domestic product by value,36 and cross-border data flows between the United States and EU are the highest in the world. As of 2016, the United States and EU traded $2.7 billion a day worth of goods and services, and the annual digital services trade between the two regions is approximately $260 billion.37 The two partners' varying approaches to digital trade, privacy, and national security, have, at times, threatened to disrupt U.S.-EU data flows.Data Privacy and Protection"The United States and EU have different legal approaches to information privacy that extends into the digital world. The EU considers the privacy of communications and the protection of personal data to be fundamental rights, which are codified in EU law. Europe's history with fascist and communist regimes informs the EU's views on data protection and contributes to the demand for strict data privacy controls. The EU regards U.S. data protection safeguards as inadequate; this has complicated the conclusion of U.S.-EU information-sharing agreements and raised concerns about U.S.-EU data flows that many U.S. firms depend on to access EU customers and operate efficiently."After extensive negotiations, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield became operational in August 2016, providing a framework to provide U.S. and EU companies a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data between the EU and the United States.38 Under the Privacy Shield program, U.S. companies can voluntarily self-certify compliance with requirements such as robust data processing obligations. The agreement includes obligations on the U.S. government to proactively monitor and enforce compliance by U.S. firms, establish an ombudsman in the U.S. State Department, and set specific safeguards and limitations on surveillance. The Privacy Shield also involves an annual joint review by the United States and the EU, the first of which was conducted in September 2017.39 The United States and Switzerland also agreed to the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, which will be "comparable" to the U.S.-EU agreement.40"Subsequent to the signing of Privacy Shield, the EU agreed on a new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which became applicable on May 25, 2018. The GDPR established a single set of rules for protection of personal data throughout the EU that seeks both to strengthen individual fundamental rights in the digital age and facilitate business by ensuring more consistent implementation of the rules EU-wide. The GDPR is seen by some as the most comprehensive privacy regulation impacting digital trade globally and potentially precedent-setting for how businesses conduct themselves in regards to personal data."The GDPR identifies what is a legitimate basis for data processing and sets common rules regarding data retention, storage limitation, and record keeping. Processing certain sensitive personal data is generally prohibited. Stronger and new data protection requirements grant individuals the right to:* Receive clear and understandable information about who is processing one's personal data and why;* Consent affirmatively to any data processing;* Access any personal data collected;* Rectify inaccurate personal data;* Erase one's personal data, cease further dissemination of the data, and potentially have third parties halt processing of the data (the "right to be forgotten");* Restrict or object to certain processing of one's data;* Be notified without "undue delay" of a data breach if there is a high risk of harm to the data subject; and* Require the transmission of one's data to another controller (data portability)."The potential high penalties for non-compliance have attracted significant attention since a company or organization can be fined up to 4% of its annual global turnover or Euros20 million (whichever is greater). Fines are to be assessed by the national supervisory authority (a Data Protection Authority, or DPA) in each member state and subject to appeal in national courts. Some stakeholders are concerned about possible uneven enforcement by EU Member States. The GDPR also requires some companies to hire data protection officers.41"U.S. firms have voiced several concerns about the GDPR, including how it is implemented and the scale of potential fines. Some companies are concerned about the need to construct a compliance bureaucracy and possible high costs for adhering to the GDPR's requirements. While large firms have the resources to hire consultants and lawyers, it may be harder and costlier for SMEs to comply, possibly deterring them from entering the EU market and creating a de facto trade barrier. Reports suggest that some SMEs have opted to exit or limit offerings or services to the EU market given the complexities of complying with the GDPR, possibly limiting competition and customer choice."Another issue is that the GDPR right to erasure could clash with freedom of information, and, for U.S. firms, with the First Amendment. The GDPR includes exceptions and recognizes the need to balance the right to personal data protection with freedom of expression, but advocates worry that Internet companies may be quick to grant erasure requests to avoid possible legal challenges, which, over time, could erode information online. Many Internet companies share such concerns, viewing the GDPR erasure provisions as pitting the "right to be forgotten" against the "right to know.""Under the GDPR, the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield will continue to serve as a mechanism for participating U.S. and EU companies that meet EU data protection requirements. However, Privacy Shield is not a GDPR compliance mechanism and participation by a company in Privacy Shield does not guarantee full GDPR compliance."Some observers and government officials worry about the potential negative impact of the GDPR on innovation, including the use of blockchain or artificial intelligence, and on the WHOIS database (managed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN) that stores information about the registrants and operators of websites.42 Law enforcement and cybersecurity researchers often use WHOIS to identify hackers and malicious Internet domains. WHOIS data could now be protected under the GDPR, and some worry this will undercut WHOIS as an effective cybersecurity tool. ICANN has begun filing legal action in EU countries restricting access under GDPR.43"In addition to GDPR, the EU's draft ePrivacy Regulation has also raised concerns among companies and industry groups who see the current proposal bringing digital communications under the same rules as traditional telecommunications as too onerous and restrictive.44While some advocate the regulation as needed consumer protection to ensure the privacy of electronic communications, others voice concern that it may hinder innovation gains of machine-to-machine communication or Internet of Things (IoT) applications. As GDPR went through multiple drafts being finalized, the ePrivacy Regulation may be further refined as it goes through the EU legislative process.EU Influence on Other Countries"In its free trade negotiations with other countries, the EU has few hard commitments in regard to digital trade apart from prohibiting customs duties on electronic deliveries; instead it emphasizes regulatory dialogue. Cross-border data flows are not protected under EU FTAs and the EU did not want to include the topic in the U.S.-EU Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) negotiations under the Obama Administration. For example, the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) between the EU and Canada, the most recent EU FTA that has entered into force, establishes a dialogue on multiple digital trade issues and requires parties to have measures to protect personal information of users but does not explicitly require a GDPR-like regime.45 CETA does not mention cross-border data flows nor are data flows addressed in the EU-Japan FTA, which has yet to be ratified by the EU, although the parties agree to discuss the issue in the future.46"As no multilateral rules on cross-border data flows or data privacy exist, some experts contend that the GDPR may effectively set new global data privacy standards as companies and organizations strive for compliance to avoid being shut out of the EU market. Some companies may determine that it is easier to comply with EU regulations globally rather than implement changes for only the EU market. "In the absence of another approach, it's easier for other markets to follow what Europe has done," said Dean C. Garfield, president of the Information Technology Industry Council.47"Regarding privacy, European Commissioner for Justice, Consumers and Gender Equality, Vera Jourova, has stated, "We want to set the global standard."48 Some countries are adopting GDPR-like regimes to ensure that the EU allows for cross-border data flows between the parties,49 to facilitate domestic companies doing business in the EU, or as a short-cut to establishing a domestic privacy framework.50 Countries such as Brazil, Japan, and South Korea have explicitly sought advice from the EU for their own data protection laws while others aim to update their rules to meet EU levels. U.S. privacy advocates have encouraged U.S. firms to adopt changes made to comply with the GDPR in the United States as well, viewing the changes as advancing consumer protection. Privacy and consumer advocates have also voiced support for the establishment of a comprehensive U.S. privacy policy similar to the GDPR.Establishing International Digital Trade Rules"Some view China and the EU as seeking to impose their views and standards globally, using their large market size to guide international practices. These observers contend that the United States should proactively counter Chinese and EU efforts to move forward with new digital trade policies that may limit market access to U.S. firms. Some analysts suggest that the United States should focus attention on developing new digital trade rules and disciplines through ongoing and future bilateral and plurilateral trade negotiations in line with U.S. policy and priorities.Trade Promotion Authority"The growth in trade barriers has raised the prominence of digital trade on the trade agenda. Congress recognized the importance of digital trade and removing related barriers in the negotiating objectives of its most recent grant of Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P.L. 114-26), signed into law in June 2015.51 TPA 2015 objectives related to digital trade direct the Administration to negotiate agreements that:* ensure application of existing WTO commitments to the digital trade environment, ensuring no less favorable treatment to physical trade;* prohibit forced localization requirements and restrictions to digital trade and data flows;* keep electronic transmissions duty-free; and* ensure relevant legitimate regulations are as least trade restrictive as possible.Negotiating Forums"Some see a risk to U.S. market access and influence if the Unites States does not actively seek to establish new international trade rules while large economies such as China and the EU push forward with policies reflecting their vision of the Internet and digital trade."The proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), negotiated by the United States during the Obama Administration, was seen by some as having the most comprehensive digital trade commitments of any FTA to date. The TPP aimed to promote digital trade, promote the free flow of information, and ensure an open internet.52After President Trump withdrew the United States from the TPP, the eleven remaining countries negotiated and signed a revised agreement without the United States, which is now in the ratification process. The revised TPP, the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), made modifications to select IPR and investment commitments but largely retained the provisions of the original agreement, including on digital trade.152 For example, the CPTPP requires parties to have a legal framework to protect personal information. Privacy frameworks such as the EU's GDPR and the international Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Privacy Framework and Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) (to which the United States belongs) would be permitted under the CPTPP provisions.53 Some view the TPP as a lost opportunity for the United States to set global rules and best practices on digital trade."New and ongoing bilateral and plurilateral negotiations present opportunities for the United States to establish rules and disciplines on digital trade.* North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Like the Uruguay Round agreements, which created the WTO, NAFTA also entered into force in the 1990's, predating mass usage of the internet. The ongoing NAFTA renegotiations provide an opportunity to address digital trade.54 Some have suggested the TPP text could provide a starting point while others contend that the revised NAFTA should go beyond those commitments such as by specifying a de minimus standard. Canada and Mexico may soon be party to similar commitments through their participation in the CPTPP.* E-commerce Plurilateral. In December 2017, on the sidelines of the 11th WTO Ministerial Conference in Buenos Aires, Argentina, a group of over 70 WTO members, including the United States, agreed to "initiate exploratory work together toward future WTO negotiations on trade related aspects of electronic commerce."131 USTR supported the movement toward plurilateral efforts stating, "the United States is pleased to work with willing Members on e-commerce, scientific standards for agricultural products, and the challenges of unfair trade practices that distort world markets."132 Members are currently discussing which aspects of digital trade they will address in any negotiations. The United States put forth its objectives, including market access, data flows, fair treatment of digital products, protection of intellectual property and digital security measures, and intermediary liability, among others.133* The G-20, OECD, APEC, and bilateral forums all provide international venues outside of trade negotiations that can be used to establish high-level, nonbinding best practices and principles and align expectations on digital trade.* Technology Transfer. In May 2018, the United States, the EU, and Japan agreed to "deepen cooperation and exchange of information, including with other like-minded partners, to find effective means to address trade-distorting policies of third countries, including harmful forced technology transfer policies and practices, and where appropriate, to pursue dispute settlement proceedings at the WTO."55 The three agreed to establish and share best practices and work together to end technology transfer policies by other countries."* * *Footnotes:1 Jacques Bughin and Susan Lund, "The ascendancy of international data flows," VOX, January 9, 2017.2 U.S. International Trade Commission, Global Digital Trade 1: Market Opportunities and Key Foreign Trade Restrictions, August 2017, p.33, https://www.usitc.gov/publications/332/pub4716.pdf.3 Digital economy here is defined primarily in terms of the Internet and related information and communications technologies (ICT), including (1) the digital-enabling infrastructure needed for a computer network to exist and operate, (2) the digital transactions that take place using that system ("e-commerce"), and (3) the content that digital economy users create and access ("digital media"). Source: Kevin Barefoot, Dave Curtis, William Jolliff, Jessica R. Nicholson, Robert Omohundro, Defining and Measuring the Digital Economy, U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), March 15, 2018.4 Ibid.5 U.S. International Trade Commission, Global Digital Trade 1: Market Opportunities and Key Foreign Trade Restrictions, August 2017, p.33, https://www.usitc.gov/publications/332/pub4716.pdf.6 Ibid.7 In 2016, the largest exporters of ICT services were Ireland, India, and the Netherlands. OECD (2017), OECD Digital Economy Outlook 2017, OECD Publishing, Paris, http://dx.doi.org/10.1787/9789264276284-en.8 Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), https://bea.gov/scb/pdf/2017/10-October/1017-international-services-tables.pdf.9 U.S. Congress, Joint Economic Committee, The 2018 Joint Economic Report, committee print, 115th Cong., 2nd sess., March 13, 2018, 115-596, p. 48.10 Koske, I. et al. (2014), "The Internet Economy - Regulatory Challenges and Practices," OECD Economics Department Working Papers, No. 1171, OECD Publishing, Paris. DOI, http://dx.doi.org/10.1787/5jxszm7x2qmr-en.11 The President of the United States, "National Security Strategy of the United States of America," December 2017.12 https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Reports/2018%20National%20Trade%20Estimate%20Report.pdf.13 During the 2017 WTO Ministerial meeting, some African countries suggested discontinuing the current moratorium. Communication from the African Group, Draft Ministerial Decision on Electronic Commerce, November 20, 2017.14 USITC, Global Digital Trade 1: Market Opportunities and Key Foreign Trade Restrictions, August 2017, https://www.usitc.gov/publications/332/pub4716.pdf.15 Information Technology Industry Council, Comments in Response to Executive Order Regarding Trade Agreements Violations and Abuses, August 1, 2017, http://www.itic.org/dotAsset/9d22f0e2-90cb-467d-81c8-ecc87e8dbd2b.pdf.16 Business Software Alliance, 2018 BSA Global Cloud Computing Scorecard, http://cloudscorecard.bsa.org/2018/pdf/BSA_2018_Global_Cloud_Scorecard.pdf.17 ITC, Digital Trade in the U.S. and Global Economies, Part 1, USITC Publication 4415, July 2013, p. 5-15.18 USTR, 2017 Special 301 Report, April 2017; Frontier Economics, The Economic Impacts of Counterfeiting and Piracy, report commissioned by Business Action to Stop Counterfeiting and Piracy (BASCAP) of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), June 2017.19 Council of Economic Advisers, The Cost of Malicious Cyber Activity to the U.S. Economy, February 2018, https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/The-Cost-of-Malicious-Cyber-Activity-to-the-U.S.-Economy.pdf.20 Internet World Stats, 2017, available at http://www.Internetworldstats.com/stats3.htm.21 Newzoo, Top 50 Countries by Smartphone Users and Penetration, 2017, available at https://newzoo.com/insights/rankings/top-50-countries-by-smartphone-penetration-and-users/.22 eMarketer, Worldwide retail eCommerce Sales: iMarketer's Updated Estimates and Forecast Through 2019, 2016, available at https://www.emarketer.com/public_media/docs/eMarketer_eTailWest2016_Worldwide_ECommerce_Report.pdf.23 Originally, China appeared to be mainly focused on establishing Internet rules domestically, but over the past few years it appears to be advancing its vision of Internet sovereignty globally.24 The People's Daily, Full Text: The Internet in China, June 8, 2010, available at http://en.people.cn/90001/90776/90785/7017202.html.25 China Copyright and Media, National Cyberspace Security Strategy, December 27, 2016, available at https://chinacopyrightandmedia.wordpress.com/2016/12/27/national-cyberspace-security-strategy/.26 USTR, 2018 National Trade Estimate Report on Foreign Trade Barriers, March 2018.27 Yu Nakamura, "China's war on VPNs creates havoc at foreign companies," December 17, 2017.28 AmCham China, AmCham China Statement on Cybersecurity Law, November 7, 2017, at https://www.amchamchina.org/about/press-center/amcham-statement/amcham-china-statement-on-cybersecurity-law.29 Blockchain is a distributed record-keeping system (each user can keep a copy of the records) that provides for auditable transactions and secures those transactions with encryption. Using blockchain, each transaction is traceable to a user, each set of transactions is verifiable, and the data in the blockchain cannot be edited without each user's knowledge.30 USTR, 2017 Report to Congress on China's WTO Compliance, January 2018, p. 3.31 See translation of the law at http://chinalawtranslate.com/cybersecuritylaw/?lang=en#LBQMwbmaWhGozeMj.99.32 Eva Dou, "China to Start Security Checks on Technology Companies in June," Wall Street Journal, May 3, 2017, https://www.wsj.com/articles/china-to-start-security-checks-on-technology-companies-in-june-1493799352.33 U.S.-China Business Council, 2017 Member Survey, p. 10, available at https://www.uschina.org/sites/default/files/2017_uscbc_member_survey.pdf.34 Ibid.35 The USTR investigation followed a presidential memorandum and was conducted under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974. For more information on the Section 301 investigation, see CRS In Focus IF10708, Enforcing U.S. Trade Laws: Section 301 and China, by Wayne M. Morrison.36 http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/united-states/.37 Penny Pritzker, Former U.S. Secretary of Commerce and Andrus Ansip, Vice-President of the European Commission for the Digital Single Market, "Making a Difference to the World's Digital Economy: The Transatlantic Partnership," March 11, 2016, https://www.commerce.gov/news/blog/2016/03/making-difference-worlds-digital-economy-transatlantic-partnership.38 For more information on the Privacy Shield, see CRS Report R44257, U.S.-EU Data Privacy: From Safe Harbor to Privacy Shield, by Martin A. Weiss and Kristin Archickand https://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview.39 Department of Commerce, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross Welcomes Release of the European Commission's Report on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, October 18, 2017, https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2017/10/us-secretary-commerce-wilbur-ross-welcomes-release-european-commissions.40 Lauren Cerulus, "Switzerland and U.S. strike 'privacy shield' data transfer deal," Politico Pro, January 11, 2017.41 For more information on the GDPR, see CRS In Focus IF10896, EU Data Protection Rules and U.S. Implications, by Rachel F. Fefer and Kristin Archick, and https://www.eugdpr.org/.42 ICANN, "Data Protection/Privacy Update: Seeking Additional Clarity from Article 29," May 10, 2018.43 ICANN, "ICANN Files Legal Action in Germany to Preserve WHOIS Data," May 25, 2018, https://www.icann.org/news/announcement-2018-05-25-en.44 For more information on the ePrivacy Regulation, see https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/proposal-eprivacy-regulation.45 EU-Canada Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) Chapter 16 Electronic Commerce, http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ceta/ceta-chapter-by-chapter/.46 Proposal for a Council Decision on the conclusion of the Economic Partnership Agreement between the European Union and Japan, Article 8.87, April 18, 2018.47 Adam Satariano, "G.D.P.R., a New Privacy Law, Makes Europe World's Leading Tech Watchdog," New York Times, May 24, 2018.48 Mark Scott and Laurens Cerulus, "Europe's new data protection rules export privacy standards worldwide," PolitocPro, February 6, 2018.49 Countries may seek "adequacy" decisions by the EU to allow for cross-border data flows. The U.S.-EU Privacy Shield serves as an alternative to a full adequacy decision by the EU.50 Adam Satariano, "G.D.P.R., a New Privacy Law, Makes Europe World's Leading Tech Watchdog," New York Times, May 24, 2018.51 For more information on TPA, see CRS In Focus IF10038, Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), by Ian F. Fergusson, and CRS Report RL33743, Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) and the Role of Congress in Trade Policy, by Ian F. Fergusson.52 For more information, see CRS In Focus IF10390, TPP: Digital Trade Provisions, by Rachel F. Fefer.53 For more information on the APEC Privacy Framework, see https://www.apec.org/Publications/2005/12/APEC-Privacy-Framework.54 U.S. Trade Representative, Summary of Objectives for the NAFTA Renegotiation, November 2017, https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Releases/Nov%20Objectives%20Update.pdf.55 U.S. Trade Representative Press Release, "Joint Statement on Trilateral Meeting of the Trade Ministers of the United States, Japan, and the European Union," May 2018.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6349631 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: June 28, 2018End of Document

CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA, BIG DATA AND CHINAStates News ServiceApril 18, 2018 WednesdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 825 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: NEW YORK, N.Y. BodyThe following information was released by Human Rights Watch:Maya WangChina Senior Researcher wang_mayaAs a researcher into China's mass surveillance systems, I watch the revelations about the murky practices of the data marketing firm Cambridge Analytica and the debates about Facebook's privacy policies with interest. In many ways, China highlights the dangers of gathering data without sufficient control not a road the US or any other country should follow.In China, we are not shocked by social media companies giving user information to those who might put it to dubious, rights-violating uses. Social media companies in China are required to store all personal data inside China so the security agencies can conveniently access it when need such as when they're investigating anyone who speaks out against the ruling Chinese Communist Party.While there is growing concern about an emerging Artificial Intelligence race between China and the US, there is too little focus on how this competition is becoming a race to the bottom when it comes to protecting basic rights. Some observers worry that China will overtake the US in AI development for the simple reason that Chinese developers can access large amounts of personal data with far fewer privacy restraints than even the relatively weak ones found in the US.In China, of course, there is no need to question whether data marketing companies may have "meddled" in electionsthere are no meaningful elections to meddle with. And we do not have to wonder which political party companies may have helped to catapult to powerthere is only one party. In fact, the companies' support for the Communist Party is so embedded in Chinese corporate culture that a giant like Tencent, which runs Wechata Facebook equivalent many people in China can't live withouthas a sign that says "Follow the Party" in front of its headquarters.Those of us in China also don't need to worry about whether big data analytics may be exploited to manipulate the population, we already know they are. Indeed, many of the data analysis systems in China are explicitly designed for social control. In the US, the use of credit scores, predictive policing and bail-related "risk assessment" software, and other tools relying on problematic algorithms already marginalize or pose rights risks to poor people and minority communities. In China, the consequences of data analytics without rights safeguards are even more alarming. A new national big data system, Police Cloud, which Human Rights Watch uncovered in November 2017, is designed to monitor and track categories of people called "focus personnel." This includes people with mental health problems, people who have complained about the government, and a targeted Muslim minority called Uyghurs who live in the northwestern region of Xinjiang.Another big data system we found is also designed to monitor Uyghurs. This system, labelled the "Integrated Joint Operations Platform," detects deviations from "normalcy," such as the failure to pay phone bills, and treats them as indicators that a person may be politically "untrustworthy." The platform then flags such people for the authorities, who throw some of them into extralegal and indefinite detention to correct their thoughts.The Chinese government is putting in place yet another national big data system, the Social Credit System, to engineer a problem-free society by rating citizens on a range of behaviors from their shopping habits to online speech. Those with low scores could face obstacles in everything from getting government jobs to placing their children in desired schools.But unlike with the Cambridge Analytica scandal, don't expect much publicly expressed outrage in China about either the government's high-tech surveillance and data analysis, or corporate invasions of privacy. While the Chinese media have reported on private company data breaches, such discussions are carefully contained to ensure they do not veer into criticism of the government or anything considered political. Inside China, reporting about state surveillance is blocked or scrubbed clean. Within hours after a netizen posted our Police Cloud report on a popular Chinese forum, censors removed the entire discussion.The Chinese government's exploitation of personal data to fuel its mass surveillance and AI projects is a prime example how a lack of regulations, coupled with authoritarianism, can lead to dangerous consequences for human rights. And even in democracies, surveillance powers can erode democratic institutions and give governments a sinister degree of power over their citizens.We need more, and appropriate, rules to protect privacy before data mining and AI usher us into a world in which we do not wish to live. The debate surrounding Cambridge Analytica provides an opportunity to call for such reforms.Your tax deductible gift can help stop human rights violations and save lives around the world.Load-Date: April 18, 2018End of Document

CHINESE ACTIVISTS DETAINED, UNDER SURVEILLANCE ON 'POLITICALLY SENSITIVE' MASSACRE ANNIVERSARYStates News ServiceJune 4, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 1092 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:Authorities in China on Monday stepped up a nationwide security operation targeting critics of the ruling Chinese Communist Party on the anniversary of a 1989 massacre that ended weeks of student-led protests on Beijing's Tiananmen Square.Zhang Xianling, a founder member of the Tiananmen Mothers victims group who lost her 19-year-old son during the crackdown, said she is currently under closer surveillance than in previous years, after the group wrote to Chinese President Xi Jinping calling the bloodshed a "crime against humanity.""There have been a lot of police following us closely," Zhang, who went to pay her respects at her son's grave this week, said. "There were also a lot of police at Wan'an Cemetery; several dozen of them, all in plain clothes."In the 29 years since the massacre, the Tiananmen Mothers victims' group has called repeatedly for a public inquiry into the massacre. They also want compensation, and a detailed account of who died, how and where, but the government has never responded.Jiang Jiawen, a rights activist from northeastern China currently living in Beijing, said police are also out in force along all major public transportation routes leading to Tiananmen Square."In Beijing, particularly to the east of Tiananmen Square, they are checking ID cards wherever you go, on such a sensitive day," Jiang said. "Plainclothes state security police are checking the ID of anyone they think looks like a dissident or a petitioner.""They are doing this on the buses, too, and there are police and security guards checking people's ID on the subway," he said.Jiang said he and fellow rights activist Tian Ye had been detained for making posts to social media about the 29th anniversary of the crackdown, when the People's Liberation Army (PLA) used armored vehicles and machine guns to put an end to weeks of student-led popular protests calling for an end to official corruption, and political reform."We were taken away by a high-ranking officer from the Fangshan police station, as well as four officials from our hometowns' representative offices in Beijing," Jiang said. "We are now staying in a guesthouse run by the representative office.""They always put me under surveillance at this sensitive time, because it's June 4, and we were writing about it online," he said. "Most of the key figures [who are trying to commemorate the crackdown] across China have now been placed under surveillance or house arrest now."Sources said petitioners Zhu Xiaoping, He Bin and Xu Caihong were also detained by police on Tiananmen Square on Monday.In Hong Kong, thousands of people attended a candlelight vigil to remember the victims of the massacre in Victoria Park.Lee Cheuk-yan, secretary of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of the Patriotic Democratic Movement in China, which organizes the annual event, the only one to take place on Chinese soil, said activists in the city are still able to take advantage of a separate legal jurisdiction to carry out such activities."Everyone who comes to a June 4 candlelight vigil brings great depth of feeling with them," Lee said. "They also bring with them the hope that the [the Chinese government will] reappraise June 4, 1989."The government styled the student-led democracy protests, sparked in April 1989 by the death of much-loved liberal premier Hu Yaobang, a "counterrevolutionary rebellion."Public memorials and discussions of the events of June 1989 are banned, with activists who seek to commemorate the bloodshed often detained and veteran dissidents placed under police surveillance or detention during each anniversary.Former 1989 student leader Wang Dan, who now lives in the U.S., welcomed the vigil."Every year, we see the candlelight vigil in Hong Kong's Victoria Park ... and we have seen this moral support persist for the past 29 years," Wang told RFA. "That is something the people of Hong Kong should be proud of.""Hong Kong people have continued to mourn the victims of June 4, 1989, and in doing so have won the respect of the whole world," he said. "I hope that the event will continue in spite of growing oppression by the Chinese Communist Party."Activists heldAcross the internal border in the southwestern region of Guangxi, rights lawyer Chen Jiahong is incommunicado after he was detained on Saturday as he planned to get together for a meal with friends.Fellow rights activist Xu Peiling said Chen was accused of shouting slogans related to the anniversary at a meal in a hotel."They took Chen away while they were taking a statement from me, we don't know where," Xu said. "We asked them but they wouldn't tell us.""The police also asked me if I'd heard anyone shouting slogans in the hotel, meaning Chen, but I said I hadn't," she said. "It's pretty obvious that today is a very sensitive date."And authorities in the eastern province of Anhui detained Shen Liangqing, a former state prosecutor-turned-rights activist, on Monday.Calls to Shen's cell phone rang unanswered on Monday.Reappraisal urgedIn Washington, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo called on Beijing to make public the details of the massacre, including an exact list of victims and an account of their deaths."We join others in the international community in urging the Chinese government to make a full public accounting of those killed, detained or missing; to release those who have been jailed for striving to keep the memory of Tiananmen Square alive; and to end the continued harassment of demonstration participants and their families," Pompeo said in a June 3 statement published on the State Department's official website."The United States views the protection of human rights as a fundamental duty of all countries, and we urge the Chinese government to respect the universal rights and fundamental freedoms of all citizens," the statement said.Last week, U.S.-based cartoonist Badiucao calling on people outside to imitate the "Tank Man" hero of the 1989 protests on June 4 by standing on a chair in a public place, carrying grocery bags in a manner reminiscent of the famous news photo.Earlier this year, the family of late Chinese premier Zhao Ziyang called for his posthumous rehabilitation. Zhao was purged for his sympathetic stance towards the 1989 Tiananmen pro-democracy movement, and his opposition to the use of force against the students.Reported by Yang Fan, Gao Feng and Qiao Long for RFA's Mandarin Service, and by Dai Weisen for the Cantonese Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: June 4, 2018End of Document

Trump throws ZTE curveball as big week for US-China trade beginsCNN WireMay 14, 2018 Monday 9:46 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 767 wordsByline: By Daniel ShaneDateline: HONG KONG (CNNMoney) BodyHONG KONG (CNNMoney) --  With his pledge to save a major Chinese company from crippling US sanctions, President Donald Trump has delivered yet another twist in the trade clash with Beijing.His announcement on Twitter that he's working to give China's ZTE "a way to get back into business, fast" was a sudden shift in the US stance at the start of a big week for trade ties between the world's top two economies.Washington and Beijing have threatened to impose tariffs on tens of billions of dollars of each other's products, fueling fears of a full-blown trade war.Talks in Beijing earlier this month aimed at dialing down the tensions failed to produce any major breakthroughs. But Chinese President Xi Jinping's top economic adviser is heading to Washington this week for more negotiations. American companies will also have a chance to publicly tell the Trump administration what they think about its planned tariffs on Chinese goods.Here's what to keep an eye on this week. 1. What will happen to ZTE?The fate of Chinese technology company ZTE has become a major flashpoint in the US-China trade tensions. Last month, the US Commerce Department blocked American firms from selling parts or providing services to ZTE, which makes smartphones and other telecommunications equipment. The ban was put in place after Washington said ZTE violated a deal in which the Chinese company agreed to pay a $1.2 billion fine for evading US sanctions on Iran and North Korea.ZTE, which employs around 75,000 people worldwide, has disputed the decision and is appealing it. The company upped the stakes last week by saying it had halted most of its operations because of the ban.Trump appeared to throw ZTE a lifeline with his tweet Sunday in which he said "too many" Chinese jobs were at risk. The Commerce Department has been "instructed" to get ZTE back into business, he added.Trump's announcement -- welcomed Monday by Beijing -- should create a more positive backdrop for trade talks. "The Trump administration is softening its stance and stepping back from using the most destructive weapon in the negotiation," said Ken Cheung, a currency strategist at Mizuho Bank in Hong Kong. "The second round of negotiation should be more constructive." 2. Round 2 of trade talksThat second round of talks is happening this week. Chinese Vice Premier Liu He will lead a Chinese delegation visiting Washington from Tuesday through Saturday, China's Foreign Ministry said Monday."I suspect Liu will try to engage with his Treasury counterpart, Steven Mnuchin, whom the Chinese see as the most willing to make a deal," said Richard McGregor, senior fellow at the Lowy Institute, a think tank based in Sydney.The scale of the challenge facing negotiators was highlighted by a widely reported list of demands that the US delegation gave to the Chinese government before the first round of talks. It included cutting the US trade deficit with China by $200 billion by the end of 2020 and halting Chinese subsidies for advanced technology industries.McGregor, an expert on Chinese politics and international relations, said he doesn't think Liu will offer any big concessions on the trade deficit, but will rather focus on measures to open up China's markets to more American investment. 3. US businesses have their say While Liu is in Washington, American companies will be airing their views on the Trump administration's plan to slap tariffs on around $50 billion worth of Chinese goods as punishment for alleged intellectual property theft. Among the big US companies that have asked to testify at the hearings are Best Buy, HP and US Steel. Lobbying groups seeking to take part include the National Retail Federation and the National Association of Manufacturers. The hearings start Tuesday and are scheduled to last three days.The US government has published a list of 1,300 Chinese exports that it plans to target with tariffs of 25%, many of them in advanced manufacturing industries such as aerospace.US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer has expressed particular concern about Beijing's high-tech ambitions, as outlined in a Chinese government plan known as "Made in China 2025."A number of big US businesses and industry associations have opposed the planned tariffs, fearing higher costs for American consumers and retaliation from China.China has already hit back by proposing its own tariffs on American goods worth a similar amount.-- Steven Jiang, Jackie Wattles, Julia Horowitz and Sherisse Pham contributed to this report. TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.NotesUpdate 5:45a ET -- Tweaks hedLoad-Date: May 15, 2018End of Document

Trump throws ZTE curveball as big week for US-China trade beginsCNNMoney.comMay 13, 2018 Sunday 7:15 AM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: ECONOMYLength: 747 wordsByline: Daniel ShaneBodyWith his pledge to save a major Chinese company from crippling US sanctions, President Donald Trump has delivered yet another twist in the trade clash with Beijing.His announcement on Twitter that he's working to give China's ZTE "a way to get back into business, fast" was a sudden shift in the US stance at the start of a big week for trade ties between the world's top two economies.Washington and Beijing have threatened to impose tariffs on tens of billions of dollars of each other's products, fueling fears of a full-blown trade war.Talks in Beijing earlier this month aimed at dialing down the tensions failed to produce any major breakthroughs. But Chinese President Xi Jinping's top economic adviser is heading to Washington this week for more negotiations.American companies will also have a chance to publicly tell the Trump administration what they think about its planned tariffs on Chinese goods.Here's what to keep an eye on this week.1. What will happen to ZTE?The fate of Chinese technology company ZTE has become a major flashpoint in the US-China trade tensions.Last month, the US Commerce Department blocked American firms from selling parts or providing services to ZTE, which makes smartphones and other telecommunications equipment. The ban was put in place after Washington said ZTE violated a deal in which the Chinese company agreed to pay a $1.2 billion fine for evading US sanctions on Iran and North Korea.ZTE, which employs around 75,000 people worldwide, has disputed the decision and is appealing it. The company upped the stakes last week by saying it had halted most of its operations because of the ban.Trump appeared to throw ZTE a lifeline with his tweet Sunday in which he said "too many" Chinese jobs were at risk. The Commerce Department has been "instructed" to get ZTE back into business, he added.Trump's announcement -- welcomed Monday by Beijing -- should create a more positive backdrop for trade talks."The Trump administration is softening its stance and stepping back from using the most destructive weapon in the negotiation," said Ken Cheung, a currency strategist at Mizuho Bank in Hong Kong. "The second round of negotiation should be more constructive."2. Round 2 of trade talksThat second round of talks is happening this week.Chinese Vice Premier Liu He will lead a Chinese delegation visiting Washington from Tuesday through Saturday, China's Foreign Ministry said Monday."I suspect Liu will try to engage with his Treasury counterpart, Steven Mnuchin, whom the Chinese see as the most willing to make a deal," said Richard McGregor, senior fellow at the Lowy Institute, a think tank based in Sydney.The scale of the challenge facing negotiators was highlighted by a widely reported list of demands that the US delegation gave to the Chinese government before the first round of talks. It included cutting the US trade deficit with China by $200 billion by the end of 2020 and halting Chinese subsidies for advanced technology industries.McGregor, an expert on Chinese politics and international relations, said he doesn't think Liu will offer any big concessions on the trade deficit, but will rather focus on measures to open up China's markets to more American investment.3. US businesses have their sayWhile Liu is in Washington, American companies will be airing their views on the Trump administration's plan to slap tariffs on around $50 billion worth of Chinese goods as punishment for alleged intellectual property theft.Among the big US companies that have asked to testify at the hearings are Best Buy, HP and US Steel. Lobbying groups seeking to take part include the National Retail Federation and the National Association of Manufacturers.The hearings start Tuesday and are scheduled to last three days.The US government has published a list of 1,300 Chinese exports that it plans to target with tariffs of 25%, many of them in advanced manufacturing industries such as aerospace.US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer has expressed particular concern about Beijing's high-tech ambitions, as outlined in a Chinese government plan known as "Made in China 2025."A number of big US businesses and industry associations have opposed the planned tariffs, fearing higher costs for American consumers and retaliation from China.China has already hit back by proposing its own tariffs on American goods worth a similar amount.-- Steven Jiang, Jackie Wattles, Julia Horowitz and Sherisse Pham contributed to this report.Load-Date: May 15, 2018End of Document

'You can't make this stuff up': Bernie Sanders, Democrats blast Trump's decision to back down on sanctions against Chinese tech giantBusiness Insider USMay 14, 2018 Monday 03:39 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 545 wordsByline: bbryan@businessinsider.com,  (Bob Bryan)Highlight: Sen. Bernie Sanders, Chuck Schumer, Rep. Adam Schiff, and other Democrats all blasted President Donald Trump's decision to reverse sanctions on Chinese telecom giant ZTE.BodyRogelio V. Solis/AP Images• President Donald Trump said Sunday that the US would reverse sanctions on Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE.• Democrats blasted the decision, especially Trump's justification that the move would help save Chinese jobs.• "You can't make this stuff up," Sen. Bernie Sanders tweeted.Democrats took aim Monday at President Donald Trump's announcement that the US would walk back sanctions against Chinese telecom equipment giant ZTE.In a tweet Sunday, Trump said the sanctions - which were put in place due to ZTE's dealings in Iran - would be reconsidered in part because, "Too many jobs in China lost."Sen. Bernie Sanders, a 2016 Democratic candidate for president, said Trump's focus on supporting Chinese workers came in direct contrast to the president's "America First" economic message."You can't make this stuff up. Trump promised over and over again that he would bring back American jobs that have been outsourced to China," Sanders tweeted. "Instead of working to bring back outsourced jobs, he is now pledging to help create jobs in China."The sanctions on ZTE prevented the Chinese firm from using US-made parts in their equipment, effectively crippling the company. ZTE said in a statement Wednesday that "the major operating activities of the company have ceased" and employees were only participating in occasional training sessions.Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer praised the pressure on ZTE, saying it showed the Chinese government that the US wanted China to engage in serious economic reform. Going back on the sanctions, the New York Democrat said Monday, would give China the upper hand."One of the few areas where the president and I agreed, and I was vocally supportive, was his approach towards China," Schumer said. "But even here he is backing off, and his policy is now designed to achieve one goal: make China great again."Rep. Tim Ryan of Ohio derided Trump for his concern about Chinese jobs when layoffs were still present across the US."Hey @RealDonaldTrump - I've got 1,500 auto workers that are laid off at GM in Lordstown, OH," Ryan said. "Not one tweet, not one comment from your office. Remember Ohio? The place you campaigned and told people how trade and China were destroying our middle class?"Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, also expressed concerns over the cybersecurity of ZTE equipment. Many intelligence officers in the US have warned that the Chinese government could use ZTE equipment to spy on Americans. The Pentagon recently banned sales of ZTE phones on military bases."Our intelligence agencies have warned that ZTE technology and phones pose a major cyber security threat," Schiff tweeted in response to Trump. "You should care more about our national security than Chinese jobs."NOW WATCH: What will probably happen with the North and South Korean peace treatySee Also:• We now know why Trump suddenly reversed course on sanctions against a Chinese tech giant• Trump's 'astonishing reversal' on a Chinese tech giant could signal a big shift in the trade battle• Inside one of the only American resorts Trump has stayed at as president that he doesn't ownSEE ALSO: We now know why Trump suddenly reversed course on sanctions against a Chinese tech giantLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

The Chinese Market for DNA SequencingPR NewswireMay 7, 2018 Monday 9:04 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 949 wordsDateline: LONDON, May 7, 2018 BodyReport Scope:The scope of the report includes sequencing technologies, applications, industries, initiatives, markets and companies in China. The markets for sequencing products and services are given for 2016, 2017 and 2022.Download the full report:https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4162560This report covers the Chinese sequencing market by workflow, including sample preparation products, sequencing instruments and consumables, informatics and sequencing services. It includes the Chinese sequencing instrument market by platform (i.e., Sanger and next-generation technologies) and by instrument class (i.e., low-throughput, high-throughput, benchtop, handheld).In this report, "China" refers to Mainland China.This does not include Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.Mainland China has a total of 31 province-level regions, including 22 provinces, four province-level municipalities (cities) and five province-level autonomous regions. Important regional markets will be discussed, including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangdong.More than 100 Chinese companies in the sequencing industry are profiled in this report.Report Includes:- 91 tables- An in-depth analysis of the Chinese DNA sequencing market, an important sector in life sciences with enormous market potential- Analyses of market trends, with data from 2016 and 2017, and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2022- Quantification of the DNA sequencing market by product type, platform, customer type, value chain position, analysis type, and region- A look at the substantial growth opportunities for industry participants, including consumer and diagnostic sequencing services, bioinformatics, sequence enrichment, benchtop NGS sequencers and consumables, and emerging sequencing instruments- Comprehensive discussion covering sequencing technologies, market applications, industry structure, and important clinical sequencing initiatives- Company profiles of major Chinese companies in the sequencing industry, including Gene Denovo, IGE Biotechnology Ltd., Pacific Biosciences, Beijing Genomics Institute (BGI), and Adicon Clinical Laboratories, Inc.SummarySince the previous edition of this report published in September 2016, the Chinese DNA sequencing market has had many significant developments, including:- Revenues of leading companies maintained fast growth through mid-2018. This indicates the high growth rate (i.e., a CAGR of REDACTED). BCC Research forecast in the previous edition of thisreport that this growth rate was likely to continue.- On October 27, 2016, the Chinese government removed restrictions on NIPT services. Any medical body qualified for prenatal examination in China is now allowed to do NIPT without additional governmental approval. This removed the main obstacle to the Chinese NIPT sequencing market.- The number of newly-established sequencing companies in 2016 and 2017 was smaller than in 2014 and 2015. New entrants had less opportunity while older players led the market.- Companies founded in 2014 and 2015 received funding from angel investment and series of A/B rounds. Investors from both inside and outside China showed their great interest in the fastgrowing Chinese DNA sequencing market because the earnings outlook has become clearer than before. More than $1 billion was invested in burgeoning Chinese sequencing companies in 2017. Some of the older players closed or moved to other services. Market opportunity always comeswith risks.- Large sequencing service providers are developing their own equipment, whereas equipment distributors are beginning to provide sequencing services. The upstream and downstream industries interact and intertwine with one another.- When NovaSeq launched in early 2017, Novogene decided to buy 25 sets of NovaSeq machines. With three sets of HiSeq X Ten and the Novogene sequencers, Novogene currently leads the game of instrument investment in China. As a result, Novogene strengthens its leading position in the sequencing service market, especially in the R&D service market.- Sequencing companies from major cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, where the Chinese DNA sequencing industry begun, are now penetrating other Chinese cities. Tianjin, Chengdu and Chongqing have shown significant potential for strong growth.- Cooperation, acquisitions and mergers are changing the image of the industry, thus increasing competition while producing new opportunities to industry players.This chapter provides a summary of the Chinese DNA sequencing market. It also discusses the largest and the fastest-growing markets and important governmental targets and regulations.The Chinese sequencing industry experienced significant changes as the market grew in recent years.When the industry started in China before 2010, demand from government-sponsored R&D projectswas its main driving force.In 2010, noninvasive prenatal testing (NIPT) came to the market, starting the fast growth of the clinical application segment in the following three years.The NIPT service, however, was interrupted by the government in early 2014.In mid-2014, the government only approved a few companies for providing NIPT services to the Chinese market.Download the full report:https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4162560AboutReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishersFor more information:Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.comEmail:sarah@reportbuyer.comTel: +1 (718) 213 4904Website:           http://www.reportbuyer.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-chinese-market-for-dna-sequencing-300643507.htmlSOURCE ReportBuyerLoad-Date: May 8, 2018End of Document

The Chinese Market for DNA SequencingPR NewswireMay 7, 2018 Monday 9:04 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 951 wordsDateline: LONDON, May 7, 2018 BodyPR NewswireReport Scope:The scope of the report includes sequencing technologies, applications, industries, initiatives, markets and companies in China. The markets for sequencing products and services are given for 2016, 2017 and 2022.Download the full report:https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4162560This report covers the Chinese sequencing market by workflow, including sample preparation products, sequencing instruments and consumables, informatics and sequencing services. It includes the Chinese sequencing instrument market by platform (i.e., Sanger and next-generation technologies) and by instrument class (i.e., low-throughput, high-throughput, benchtop, handheld).In this report, "China" refers to Mainland China.This does not include Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.Mainland China has a total of 31 province-level regions, including 22 provinces, four province-level municipalities (cities) and five province-level autonomous regions. Important regional markets will be discussed, including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangdong.More than 100 Chinese companies in the sequencing industry are profiled in this report.Report Includes:- 91 tables- An in-depth analysis of the Chinese DNA sequencing market, an important sector in life sciences with enormous market potential- Analyses of market trends, with data from 2016 and 2017, and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2022- Quantification of the DNA sequencing market by product type, platform, customer type, value chain position, analysis type, and region- A look at the substantial growth opportunities for industry participants, including consumer and diagnostic sequencing services, bioinformatics, sequence enrichment, benchtop NGS sequencers and consumables, and emerging sequencing instruments- Comprehensive discussion covering sequencing technologies, market applications, industry structure, and important clinical sequencing initiatives- Company profiles of major Chinese companies in the sequencing industry, including Gene Denovo, IGE Biotechnology Ltd., Pacific Biosciences, Beijing Genomics Institute (BGI), and Adicon Clinical Laboratories, Inc.SummarySince the previous edition of this report published in September 2016, the Chinese DNA sequencing market has had many significant developments, including:- Revenues of leading companies maintained fast growth through mid-2018. This indicates the high growth rate (i.e., a CAGR of REDACTED). BCC Research forecast in the previous edition of thisreport that this growth rate was likely to continue.- On October 27, 2016, the Chinese government removed restrictions on NIPT services. Any medical body qualified for prenatal examination in China is now allowed to do NIPT without additional governmental approval. This removed the main obstacle to the Chinese NIPT sequencing market.- The number of newly-established sequencing companies in 2016 and 2017 was smaller than in 2014 and 2015. New entrants had less opportunity while older players led the market.- Companies founded in 2014 and 2015 received funding from angel investment and series of A/B rounds. Investors from both inside and outside China showed their great interest in the fastgrowing Chinese DNA sequencing market because the earnings outlook has become clearer than before. More than $1 billion was invested in burgeoning Chinese sequencing companies in 2017. Some of the older players closed or moved to other services. Market opportunity always comeswith risks.- Large sequencing service providers are developing their own equipment, whereas equipment distributors are beginning to provide sequencing services. The upstream and downstream industries interact and intertwine with one another.- When NovaSeq launched in early 2017, Novogene decided to buy 25 sets of NovaSeq machines. With three sets of HiSeq X Ten and the Novogene sequencers, Novogene currently leads the game of instrument investment in China. As a result, Novogene strengthens its leading position in the sequencing service market, especially in the R&D service market.- Sequencing companies from major cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, where the Chinese DNA sequencing industry begun, are now penetrating other Chinese cities. Tianjin, Chengdu and Chongqing have shown significant potential for strong growth.- Cooperation, acquisitions and mergers are changing the image of the industry, thus increasing competition while producing new opportunities to industry players.This chapter provides a summary of the Chinese DNA sequencing market. It also discusses the largest and the fastest-growing markets and important governmental targets and regulations.The Chinese sequencing industry experienced significant changes as the market grew in recent years.When the industry started in China before 2010, demand from government-sponsored R&D projectswas its main driving force.In 2010, noninvasive prenatal testing (NIPT) came to the market, starting the fast growth of the clinical application segment in the following three years.The NIPT service, however, was interrupted by the government in early 2014.In mid-2014, the government only approved a few companies for providing NIPT services to the Chinese market.Download the full report:https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4162560AboutReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishersFor more information:Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.comEmail:sarah@reportbuyer.comTel: +1 (718) 213 4904Website:           http://www.reportbuyer.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-chinese-market-for-dna-sequencing-300643507.htmlSOURCE ReportBuyerLoad-Date: October 11, 2018End of Document

The Chinese Market for DNA SequencingPR NewswireMay 7, 2018 Monday 9:04 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 951 wordsDateline: LONDON, May 7, 2018 BodyPR NewswireReport Scope:The scope of the report includes sequencing technologies, applications, industries, initiatives, markets and companies in China. The markets for sequencing products and services are given for 2016, 2017 and 2022.Download the full report:https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4162560This report covers the Chinese sequencing market by workflow, including sample preparation products, sequencing instruments and consumables, informatics and sequencing services. It includes the Chinese sequencing instrument market by platform (i.e., Sanger and next-generation technologies) and by instrument class (i.e., low-throughput, high-throughput, benchtop, handheld).In this report, "China" refers to Mainland China.This does not include Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.Mainland China has a total of 31 province-level regions, including 22 provinces, four province-level municipalities (cities) and five province-level autonomous regions. Important regional markets will be discussed, including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangdong.More than 100 Chinese companies in the sequencing industry are profiled in this report.Report Includes:- 91 tables- An in-depth analysis of the Chinese DNA sequencing market, an important sector in life sciences with enormous market potential- Analyses of market trends, with data from 2016 and 2017, and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2022- Quantification of the DNA sequencing market by product type, platform, customer type, value chain position, analysis type, and region- A look at the substantial growth opportunities for industry participants, including consumer and diagnostic sequencing services, bioinformatics, sequence enrichment, benchtop NGS sequencers and consumables, and emerging sequencing instruments- Comprehensive discussion covering sequencing technologies, market applications, industry structure, and important clinical sequencing initiatives- Company profiles of major Chinese companies in the sequencing industry, including Gene Denovo, IGE Biotechnology Ltd., Pacific Biosciences, Beijing Genomics Institute (BGI), and Adicon Clinical Laboratories, Inc.SummarySince the previous edition of this report published in September 2016, the Chinese DNA sequencing market has had many significant developments, including:- Revenues of leading companies maintained fast growth through mid-2018. This indicates the high growth rate (i.e., a CAGR of REDACTED). BCC Research forecast in the previous edition of thisreport that this growth rate was likely to continue.- On October 27, 2016, the Chinese government removed restrictions on NIPT services. Any medical body qualified for prenatal examination in China is now allowed to do NIPT without additional governmental approval. This removed the main obstacle to the Chinese NIPT sequencing market.- The number of newly-established sequencing companies in 2016 and 2017 was smaller than in 2014 and 2015. New entrants had less opportunity while older players led the market.- Companies founded in 2014 and 2015 received funding from angel investment and series of A/B rounds. Investors from both inside and outside China showed their great interest in the fastgrowing Chinese DNA sequencing market because the earnings outlook has become clearer than before. More than $1 billion was invested in burgeoning Chinese sequencing companies in 2017. Some of the older players closed or moved to other services. Market opportunity always comeswith risks.- Large sequencing service providers are developing their own equipment, whereas equipment distributors are beginning to provide sequencing services. The upstream and downstream industries interact and intertwine with one another.- When NovaSeq launched in early 2017, Novogene decided to buy 25 sets of NovaSeq machines. With three sets of HiSeq X Ten and the Novogene sequencers, Novogene currently leads the game of instrument investment in China. As a result, Novogene strengthens its leading position in the sequencing service market, especially in the R&D service market.- Sequencing companies from major cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, where the Chinese DNA sequencing industry begun, are now penetrating other Chinese cities. Tianjin, Chengdu and Chongqing have shown significant potential for strong growth.- Cooperation, acquisitions and mergers are changing the image of the industry, thus increasing competition while producing new opportunities to industry players.This chapter provides a summary of the Chinese DNA sequencing market. It also discusses the largest and the fastest-growing markets and important governmental targets and regulations.The Chinese sequencing industry experienced significant changes as the market grew in recent years.When the industry started in China before 2010, demand from government-sponsored R&D projectswas its main driving force.In 2010, noninvasive prenatal testing (NIPT) came to the market, starting the fast growth of the clinical application segment in the following three years.The NIPT service, however, was interrupted by the government in early 2014.In mid-2014, the government only approved a few companies for providing NIPT services to the Chinese market.Download the full report:https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4162560AboutReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishersFor more information:Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.comEmail:sarah@reportbuyer.comTel: +1 (718) 213 4904Website:           http://www.reportbuyer.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-chinese-market-for-dna-sequencing-300643507.htmlSOURCE ReportBuyerLoad-Date: October 11, 2018End of Document

Navarro Will Now Join U.S. Delegation Today on China Trade; U.S.- China Trade Talks; Giuliani: No Indictment; Stormy Daniel's Payment; Russell Hits Record High; New Apple Campus; Explosive Round of Golf; U.S. Surgeon General Saves The Day; Fruit Loops Makeover; Explosive Round Of Golf; Glover's 911 CallMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 6:00 AM ESTMay 17, 2018 ThursdayCopyright 2018 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 7761 wordsByline: Dagen McDowell, Andrew Napolitano, Kristina Partsinevelos, Cheryl Casone, Jared MaxGuests: Lawrence Jones, Andrew Napolitano, Marco Soriano, Mike MurphyBodyDAGEN MCDOWELL, FBN HOST: Good morning ladies. My friends both, we'll see you shortly. Good morning, I'm Dagen McDowell in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Thursday, May 17th. Your top stories at 6:00 a.m. Eastern.Markets on edge, Futures pointing to a lower open this morning ever so slight. The Dow Futures slipping 12 points at the moment, this after gains across the board yesterday even with that 10-year Treasury Yield ticking up a little bit, still almost at 3.1 percent. But yesterday it was the Russell2000, an index of small caps that was a major standout hitting an all-time high. You can see how the markets faired yesterday.We're also keeping an eye on oil prices, crude hitting its highest level since November of 2014 topping $72.00 a barrel. Checking on the global market action in Europe, stocks edging higher at the moment, gains in England, France, and Germany but it was a different story in Asia overnight, markets heading mostly lower there. The Nikkei in Japan managing to eke out half of one percent gain.Trade talks round two, White House officials head to the negotiating table with China again when it comes to the Chinese telecom giant, ZTE. President Trump says there has been no folding after he face backlash over a tweet about helping ZTE get back into business. We breakdown that.Meantime, another ally taking aim at the U.S. over trade, this time Japan, the country is said to be eyeing retaliatory tariffs. We have more details there.The Mueller Probe marking its first anniversary and the president's lawyer, Rudy Giuliani slamming the investigation saying the special counsel cannot indict the president.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)RUDY GIULIANI, ATTORNEY TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: I think that they have the facts from which they can write their report. She can write a fair report, fine write it. If she can write an unfair report, write it and we will combat it. We're ready to rip it apart.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCDOWELL: More of Giuilani's comments and legal analysis from you know who, the judge, coming up.Retail in focus, it was a major driver in the markets yesterday with those great earnings in guidance from Macy's. Wal-Mart this morning set to report earnings in maybe half hour, an hour. You got to stay with us to find out what the biggest retailer is reporting. Analysts are looking to see how that retail giant's web business is stacking up against Amazon.Apple eyeing an East Coast home. The tech giant reportedly scouting cities for a new campus where it's looking my neck of the woods, that's ahead.Plus, lava and ash spewing from the Kilauea Volcano forcing people out of their homes but that did not stop some from hitting the golf course. The unbelievable images this hour.All of that and so much more coming up this morning, Fox Business Network's Kristina Partsinevelos. Rosecliff CEO Managing Partner, Mike Murphy. And Campus Reform.org Editor-in-chief, Lawrence Jones, I am lucky to have you three here because we can cover the world.MIKE MURPHY, CEO AND MANAGING PARTNER, ROSECLIFF: Good morning.MCDOWELL: We can talk about anything and everything.MURPHY: How are you doing?MCDOWELL: Good. How are you?MURPHY: Great.MCDOWELL: You -- Wal-Mart numbers will be good?MURPHY: Wal-Mart numbers, expect their numbers and their stock has kind of sold off into the print, so hopefully we got a move somewhere to Macy's, we're long Wal-Mart.MCDOWELL: Wow. What did Macy's do yesterday was on like 11 percent I think on the day.MURPHY: Up 11. And remember, the stock's up about 50 percent off its recent low. So, you know, maybe people are going out, they are actually spending money, they're feeling good about the economy, and they're getting off their couch walking into some of these retailers.MCDOWELL: Brick and mortar ain't dead.MURPHY: Yes. Yes.MCDOWELL: But we want to move on -- some of the people coming up this morning, Democratic Congressman, John Garamendi of California is here. South Dakota Senator Mike Rounds. Former Trump Campaign Manager, Corey Lewandowski. And FOX News Senior Judicial Analyst, Judge Andrew Napolitano. Do not miss any of those fine gentlemen.But kicking off this hour with the high stakes trade talks between the U.S. and China. China's key advisor to President Xi Jinping is in Washington today meeting with his American counterparts. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is leading the U.S. delegation which will include U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, White House National Trade Council Director, Peter Navarro was sidelined from the negotiations after clashing with Secretary Mnuchin when they were in China yelling at Mnuchin according to reports.But as the news wore on yesterday, reports now indicate that Navarro will be at that trade meeting. Mike Murphy, what are you expecting from this second round of negotiations because President Trump yesterday in some tweets, we're talking about ZTE, bailing out ZTE by letting it buy U.S. parts but essentially giving a third chance. President Trump says did link that that rescued ZTE to broader trade talks to China but that contradicts Wilbur Ross and it contradicts some of the other people in the White House.MURPHY: It does. And first of all you, you know, egos in the room, you're going to have some disagreement, you're going to have some shouting, I think that's fine working towards a resolution.This is a negotiation and I think that's where we started and that's still where we are. But remember, we've discussed it in the past Dagen, I think any sort of negotiation that starts from an point, if we have an unfair deal and we want to work toward getting a fair deal, that's completely fine. If China says, "Well, we don't want to give you a fair deal therefore we're going to start a trade war, so be it." But we're going to go in there and do what's best in the interest of the United States and United States economy.MCDOWELL: But we're working from a position of weakness because we do have a trade deficit with China of $375 billion. President Trump seems fixated on a number of reducing that but we're the ones who fired the first shot with this steel and aluminum tariffs which were unveiled on March the 1st.And the issue with ZTE is one of national security. This is a -- this is a company that is owned by the Chinese government, that they sold telecom equipment with U.S. technology in it to five embargoed nations including Iran and North Korea. They were fined $1.2 billion by the Obama Administration, they were supposed to reprimand the employees, they didn't do that, they lied about it and now we're giving them a third chance? And even Christopher Wray the FBI Director said yesterday that he worries about undetected espionage with this company, so why give them a pass?MURPHY: Well let's start from the beginning, I don't know -- I wouldn't agree that we're coming from weakness. I would say that we're coming from a point of we -- we're -- we have a bad deal and we want to improve the deal. So I think that's not necessarily a weakness point --KATRINA PARTSINEVELOS, FBN CORRESPONDENT: Don't you think this is a bargaining chip though that by going forward with this, I know you've just listed all the bad things that have gone on with this company but this is a huge bargaining chip especially because they have such a tight deadline to reduce those deficits, a number that President Trump is fixated on.So maybe this is an opportunity for the United States to say, "Hey look, we -- we're hoping ZTE out because of the numbers of jobs."MCDOWELL: But we should get the world if we used ZTE as a bargaining chip. We should get China stepping and basically denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula, North Korea.MURPHY: Well maybe that is what's happening.MCDOWELL: Maybe. But, again, because this is such a handout to China.PARTSINEVELOS: It is.MCDOWELL: And potentially weakness national security. And -- that's why Wilbur Ross, the Commerce Secretary was saying that this is a separate issue, that it's not part of trade negotiations. So there is some disagreement within the administration over the handling of this.MURPHY: You hope that national security is not a negotiation tool between this. So I think really when you look at it, at the end of the day, the United States is going to have a better trade deal with China when this is over than we had when it started.LAWRENCE JONES, EDITOR-IN-CHIEF, CAMPUSREFORM.ORG: I just would encourage people not to freak out right now because remember, this is what the president like, you have two cabinet members going at it.The president likes to bring both sides to the table, let them do -- remember this is a businessman, so he's used to having different people within, you know, on his cabinet come together and do get out and then he decides to make that decision. We're just now seeing it publicly. This happens all the time but this is an unconventional president.MCDOWELL: Speaking of President Trump, I want to bring you what he was tweeting yesterday when he was defending his stance on ZTE, he hit back against mainstream media."The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions a year with China. We have not seen China's demands yet which should be few in that previous U.S. administrations have done so poorly and negotiating. China has seen our demands, there has been no folding as the media would love people to believe. The meetings haven't even started yet. The U.S. has very little to give because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give."But Mike, to this point, this is why there is outrage over ZTE. I'm surprised or I'm sure that his national security advisors are talking to him about this ZTE issue. ZTE and Huawei are such dangers to the U.S. in terms of espionage, in terms of spying on Americans potentially that those phones aren't sold on military bases. That's how grave an issue is. This is a company that's controlled indirectly by the Chinese government through series of shell corporations including defense companies.So I'm sure that-- but you're get in to this issue of who's whispering in the president's ear at any given point. And that tends to sway him and people are clamoring for access, that's why you see so many links because they're trying to drive the narrative outside of the White House walls.JONES: Or undermine each other.MCDOWELL: Right.MURPHY: For sure. But I mean, again, back to national security, you hope that whatever is going on in these negotiations, national security's not being compromised and I'm going to believe it's not. There's enough people there between starting with the president and the rest of the cabinet.Nobody wants to President Trump the United States at risk, I think quite the contrary, they're trying to get the best deal for the United States and U.S. citizens and I think that's going to happen.JONES: Yes. I don't see Bolton and, you know, Mattis buckling on this issue.MCDOWELL: But they're not in the meeting that's the issue --JONES: I know.MCDOWELL: -- and it hurts U.S. sanctions policy the time when we just pulled out of the Iran deal and we're going to be laying on additional sanction to anybody essentially doing business with Iran. So, again, if you want to -- you better walk that tough talk when it comes to sanctions and this is a third pass for ZTE.PARTSINEVELOS: So you're pretty much saying that if it's not a security issue then ZTE shouldn't be -- it's overblown, the concerns are overblown?MURPHY: I think really what it is, it's a -- it's part of the overall negotiation that the president is going to use and the cabinet members are going to use to get a better deal for the U.S. So, I don't how it turns out but it's definitely not going to be where they say, "Hey, this is a national security risk let's pass on that in order to save a few dollars here and there" that's not going to happen.MCDOWELL: But this -- so far, we're lucky the markets, the Russell2000 hit a record high yesterday, it's up roughly seven percent since the steel and aluminum tariffs were announced. So -- but, again, this ham-handed trade policy and this now we know clear infighting among the trade representatives and financial advisors within the White House, it disrupts business. Farmers, manufacturers, yes, they're sitting -- you've seen it in every Federal Reserve --PARTSINEVELOS: You -- your --MURPHY: There's a reason though when you look at -- you point out the Russell2000 which focuses on U.S. business, not multinational, multilateral --MCDOWELL: Right. It doesn't need imports.PARTSINEVELOS: What about the low --MURPHY: They're hitting all time high, so I would say that what that tells you is that the small and medium-sized businesses in the United States are feeling more confident they have in a long time.MCDOWELL: I just want to get to this because there are reports out there, speaking of trade, the Japanese media reporting that Tokyo is planning retaliatory tariffs on about $400 million worth of U.S. exports but, again, what did we ignite with -- it started with steel and aluminum tariffs that seem to come out of nowhere.PARTSINEVELOS: Right. And Japan usually takes a more subdued tone which is why they are the last to come to the table right now to say, "Hey, we're going to also go back against the United States.They said that they're going to notify the World Trade Organization because that's according to global rule, they have to. But that 409 number that you're seeing is just the equivalent as to what the U.S. has charged them. And they feel like we've been an ally to the United States for so long, so why are we excluded from the steel and aluminum tariffs? They're the only country that's an ally that's excluded.JONES: Yes. We all saw this coming though, with the whole tariffs when it first started in -- to begin with. We're on the brink of a trade war with the president but he's so hard-lined on this. He -- you cannot believe -- there's no such thing as free and fair trade, sometimes it's not fair.MCDOWELL: I have no issue with cracking down and trying to basically improve our trade relationship and our trade deals. My issue is the way that it's been handled, that's my issue Mike Murphy. And the fact that --MURPHY: Not the message but the deliverance of the message.MCDOWELL: Or just like you've kind of -- again, it's like the travel ban, at the very beginning of the president's term, it was handled so in such a sloppy ham-handed way I felt like that the steel and aluminum tariffs caught people off guard.And then you have Secretary Ross carrying around cans of Campbell soup. You want to talk about -- you embarrass the president like that, I suspect that if the president view that as an embarrassment, that hurts your standing with him. I'm just guessing, I'm an outsider looking at it.JONES: No, I -- no, I agree. No, I agree. You know Kudlow has been pretty silenced. I was expecting that his influence to grow on this issue and had a more active role in this.MCDOWELL: Larry Kudlow, according to late reports yesterday is also expected to be at that meeting with Peter Navarro. So it looks like the whole economic team will be there.JONES: Let's see what he say. Yes.MCDOWELL: But we can't to see that. But maybe first, President Trump won't tweet something about ZTE and trade negotiation.Coming up, it's not just Amazon, where Apple is now looking to open another campus here in the U.S.And a little volcanic eruption can't ruin a day on the lakes golfers in Hawaii, hitting the links even as a huge plume of ash looms behind them, the incredible pictures.And bad news for nuns on Twitter, you heard me right, why the Vatican is now advising sisters to cut back on the tweeting, that's next.MCDOWELL: An explosion rocking the glass plant in Oklahoma, Cheryl Casone has the details. Good morning Cheryl.CHERYL CASONE, FBN ANCHOR: Yes, good morning Dagen. So, this incredible video shows the flames and the plumes of smoke rising. This can all be seen for miles, at least 75 employees were inside the plant at the time, luckily nobody was hurt.Investigators believe that something inside overheated that sparked the blast. Plant officials believe they are going to be able to resume operations within a few days.Well, a judge is expected to issue a ruling today in the legal battle between CBS and Shari Redstone, it's controlling shareholder. And it's after the judge issued a temporary restraining order just yesterday afternoon. CBS is suing to prevent Redstone's holding company National Amusements from forcing a merger of CBS and Viacom.CBS's board has scheduled a special meeting for today to consider a dividend that would dilute the Redstone family's voting rights. It's something else. CBS shares are down seven percent this year, Viacom shares are down eight percent. So watch FOX Business today for more on that.Well first lady Melania Trump giving a personal update on her health on Twitter. Here's what she wrote, she said, "A sincere thank you to Walter Reed Medical Unit and to all who have sent good wishes and prayers. I am feeling great and look forward to getting back home to the White House soon." The first lady underwent a procedure Monday to treat a benign kidney condition. President Trump has visited her every day this week.And then let's stay and talk about Twitter some more because the pope has issued a warning to cloistered nuns, don't tweet too much. The Vatican reminding them that they're supposed to live separated from the world and in silence and therefore shouldn't spend too much time on social media. Saying it's filled with "noises, news, and words." The Vatican itself is a prolific Twitter though, we should just add. It also runs Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, and Google Plus account. So the Vatican can tweet away but the nuns can't, Dagen.MCDOWELL: OK. I think that's great advice from the Catholic Church, for every human being.CASONE: Just stay off of Twitter? I think they should be able to participate.MCDOWELL: But just tweet less. Just tweet less, it's not stay off. It's just like focus on what matters, like talking to your family when you're eating with them. Thank you Cheryl.CASONE: You bet.MCDOWELL: Coming up, the Mueller Probe marks its first anniversary as the president's attorney, Rudy Giuliani says the Special Counsel cannot indict the president. I'll ask Judge Andrew Napolitano about that ahead.Plus, Apple eyeing an East Coast outpost, where the tech giant is now reporting looking to open another H.Q. with 20,000 jobs, coming up.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GIULIANI: We're going to see what kind of legal remedies are available to us including if they subpoena us, challenge a subpoena. The same reason they can't indict constitutional. But I don't think they agree to the process question which is the same reason they can't indict them, they can't issue a subpoena to him.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCDOWELL: That was President Trump's Attorney, Rudy Giuliani telling Laura Ingraham on FOX News that Special Counsel Robert Mueller would not indict or won't indict the president in connection to the Russia investigation.For more, let me bring in FOX News Senior Judicial Analyst, Judge Andrew Napolitano explain the process, can a sitting president be indicted?JUDGE ANDREW NAPOLITANO, FOX NEWS SENIOR JUDICIAL ANALYST: There are two Justice Department memoranda, one says yes and the other says no. One says you cannot indict a president while sitting, if you have evidence to crime to send it to the House of Representatives. That's Circa 1999 --MCDOWELL: After the Clinton and Page --NAPOLITANO: Correct. Correct. You have one a year before written by the same team which says, yes, you can do it. In terms of subpoenaing, I respectfully would invite Mayor Giuliani's attention to a Supreme Court opinion called United States versus Nixon which upholds, upholds the authority of the Justice Department to subpoena the president of the United States.Look, the president is not above the law, he can be indicted like anybody else. How do we know that? Because Ken Starr waved a sample indictment in front of Bill Clinton and say we're going to present this to the grand jury and instead of that, Bill Clinton pleaded guilty to an information, an information is basically an indictment to which the defendant agrees therefore you bypass the grand jury. Same thing happened with General Flynn and George Papadopoulous and the others who pleaded guilty in the president's case.I don't know what Bob Mueller said to the mayor, I give the mayor the benefit of the doubt but the law is there. The president can be indicted and the president can be subpoenaed and I suggest, you know, the mayor knows that.MCDOWELL: It still -- we still don't know if the president will actually just sit down for an interview with the Mueller chain, right?NAPOLITANO: Well that is optional to the president, a lot of us, Rudy Giuliani included here have been advising that he not do it, that he temper his privado here because that environment is dangerous to him.When prosecutors interview you, it's not to help you, it's to help them and the free-willing nature of that interview often catches the person being interviewed off guard. That's the reason not to do it. The downside is if he doesn't do it, they will subpoena him before a grand jury whether he will not have his lawyers there whispering in his ear. It would be totally exposed to the grand jurors and the prosecutors.MCDOWELL: But if you -- if you are -- have to testify in front of a grand jury, you can say one thing, I am taking -- I'm using my (INAUDIBLE) and I'm not going to (INAUDIBLE) I'm not going ot say anything.NAPOLITANO: I would advise him -- I would advise him to do that. The political fallout would be catastrophic, he can deal with that but legally it will be prophylactic, he'll be absolutely protected.MCDOWELL: So you think he could be indicted but what do you think -- what is another likely outcome for Mueller if he finds anything? Again, the -- again, Paul Manafort and the guilty pleas the Mueller team has gotten have nothing to do with collusion with Russia. It's lying to investigators and some fraud prior with Manofort, prior to him working with the Trump campaign.NAPOLITANO: You're exactly correct. But the fallout from those guilty pleas is to turn those people into government witnesses. Rick Gates, Manafort's former business partner and the number two person the Trump campaign has been a treasure trove to Bob Mueller and has opened their eyes to things that happened in the campaign that they otherwise didn't know about.So even though these people do plead guilty to extraneous, often irrelevant crimes, they have knowledge about the target, hear the president that is helpful to the -- to the government, they trade that knowledge to the government and return for lesser criminal exposure.MCDOWELL: Mueller could also just refer it to Congress, correct?NAPOLITANO: Yes, he could.MCDOWELL: Instead of an indictment or both.NAPOLITANO: He could indict but agree not to prosecute until after the president leaves office. He's going to say, "I'm not going to indict him, I'm going to give it to the Congress, the House of Representatives." Whether it's controlled by republicans or democrats depends on when he gives it and the outcome of the 2018 elections.MCDOWELL: And this is -- this is all based on the assumption that there is something there. So far one year anniversary and nothing there. However, I will point out the Senate Intelligence Committee yesterday backed a conclusion that Moscow did attempt to boost the Trump campaign, not collusion but certainly helped Trump based on its interference in the election which is completely at odds with the House Intelligence report.NAPOLITANO: It's pro -- it's profound that this happened. That each have their own team of investigators. These investigators are sharp cookies, I know some of these folks. Some of them are former NSA, some of them are former FBI but they're serious lifelong career criminal investigators.Some work for the Senate, some work for the House, both controlled by the republicans, now they come up with opposite inclusions. Devin Nunes crew says there's no effort of the Russians to get involved, Senator Richard Burr who runs the Senate Intelligence Committee says yes.Think of it this way, Bob Mueller indicted 13 Russian entities and people, what did the president do after those indictments came down? Sanctioned all of those people, barred them from using American banks and American corporations. That's how it tells you that the White House agrees with Bob Mueller -- what Bob Mueller found, the Senate agrees, the House disagrees.MCDOWELL: I want to move on, President Trump's financial disclosure yesterday showed that he did reimburse his lawyer Michael Cohen for that $130,000 payment to that adult film performer Stormy Daniels.And then on top of that, New Yorker Magazine's Ronan Farrow out with a new story last night and that he tweeted, it's about -- there's a whistleblower who he quote who leaked the Michael Cohen financial records. He said he -- there's a whistleblower said he's stepping forward because records of bigger, potentially more sensitive and with more -- sensitive information are missing from government database, but this all together.NAPOLITANO: I have not have the pleasure of meeting Ronan Farrow but my hat is off to him. This is unbelievably over the top superb investigative journalism. He reveals this morning in the New Yorker that he has a law enforcement source, could be FBI, could be Treasury Department which looked at Michael Cohen's banking records and said the banks should have reported all this.This is suspicious, this is suspicious, this is suspicious, they only reported five percent of it, I'm going to expose the other 95 percent.MCDOWELL: But Judge --NAPOLITANO: Did he violated Michael Cohen's privacy? Yes, he did. Did he do it for a higher good? The court will decide.MCDOWELL: But it could be illegal and it could be --NAPOLITANO: Yes.MCDOWELL: -- it could be -- I mean, it looks like a crime if you're law enforcement and you leaked this information.NAPOLITANO: Honest phase, it is illegal. He's claiming the protection of a whistleblower, whoever this federal agent is and he's claiming the whistleblower protection because as I said he served a higher good. Who -- we don't know how this is going to end up but we do know this is wreaking havoc on the president and on Michael Cohen because some of these things are incendiary.The amounts of money he was paid to allow his clients to cozy up to the president, not a single one of whom got anywhere near the president. And they paid Michael Cohen millions for this.MCDOWELL: But it just looks like more and more, whether you're talking about Andy McCabe or Jim Comey that the leakers and the liars are above the law, and that bothers people.NAPOLITANO: OK. It does, and I understand that. And we're going to get some relief, you mentioned Andy McCabe. Last night, the Inspector General and the Justice Department revealed his report is done.This is the report on what laws and regulations did the FBI violate in the matter in which it addressed Hillary Clinton's -- allegations against Hillary Clinton and in the manner in which they investigated the Trump campaign.Few more weeks before that comes out, this classified material that has to be reviewed. If you're quoted (INAUDIBLE) they let you approve the quotations and make sure you were quoted accurately. But we will soon see this report for which we all have been waiting, probably, two or three weeks.MCDOWELL: Yes. And then that's why there is that story in the New York Times, yesterday, about the FBI-Trump investigation which was -- it had falsehoods in it. And, again, they are trying to portray themselves like the boy scouts, and it's just -- again, where is the truth in all of this?NAPOLITANO: When the FBI redacts documents to prevent itself from embarrassment, it causes more embarrassment and harms the reputation of the FBI more. They're human beings. If you made a mistake, admit it.MCDOWELL: Thank you.NAPOLITANO: Not always easy to do, I know, having been in that situation.MCDOWELL: I do. I do. If I get something wrong, I'll follow my story immediately.NAPOLITANO: In my prior life, I had an appellate court that used to publicly announce my mistakes.MCDOWELL: Thick-skinned, gets us a long way in this life.NAPOLITANO: Yes.MCDOWELL: Judge Andrew Napolitano, so terrific of you.NAPOLITANO: Oh, good to be with you, Dagen.MCDOWELL: to walk us all through this. Thank you so much.NAPOLITANO: You're welcome.MCDOWELL: Coming up, paging a doctor on board, the surgeon general comes to rescue after a passenger on a Delta flight, loses consciousness, we have that story ahead and it will make you smile. And talk about an explosive round, golfers in Hawaii hitting the links with a giant plume of ash behind them. You've got to see these incredible pictures, next.MCDOWELL: Good morning, I'm Dagen McDowell, in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Thursday, May 17th, your top stories at 6:30 a.m. Eastern. Markets are on edge, Futures pointing to a slightly lower open, 17-point loss on the Dow Futures right now.This after gains across the board yesterday, and the real stand-out, the Russell 2000 Index of small cap stocks, that hitting an all-time high. We are also keeping an eye on oil prices, crude oil hitting its highest level since November 2014, still above $72.00 a barrel.Taking global market action in Europe, stocks, moving up across the board in England, France and Germany, gains there, different story in Asia overnight, the only gainer, the Nikkei in Japan adding about half of one percent.Earnings in focus, retail giant and Dow Component, Wal-Mart, set to report this morning. We take a look at what the number say about the health of the U.S. consumer, especially after those strong results from Macy's, which even upped its guidance yesterday morning.Move over Amazon, Apple, also looking to build a second campus. We'll tell you which towns, regions, the tech giant is eyeing. Treating opioid withdrawal without opioid, the FDA approving the first treatment of its kind, we have the details. And the nation's top doctor answers the call, but the surgeon general helping with a medical emergency on board, a Delta flight that he was on.Ash and lava not stopping these golfers from hitting the links, more of these unbelievable pictures, later this hour, but first, we start this half hour with (INAUDIBLE) action on Wall Street, Futures edging lower after gains yesterday, the Russell 2000 was the standout, up one percent on the day, hitting a new record-high.Joining us now is Marco Soriano, Managing Partner and Economist at the Soriano Group. Again, we go back to the March 1st, the trade in aluminum tariffs that were thrown, that were chopped out by the Trump administration, but the Russell has been the real winner of the major market gauges since then.MARCO SORIANO, MANAGING PARTNER AND ECONOMIST, SORIANO GROUP: It's been great. It's been great. When you're looking at the Russell, it's really the retail and tech and the small caps that are used in such technologies that are head of the game, and that's where you wish you'd be looking at.MCDOWELL: Do -- but in terms of valuation, are you comfortable with where the valuations are, given the recent run-up of (INAUDIBLE)SORIANO: Absolutely, I mean, you have to look at, as well, the political, you know, the political geographies right now, what's happening in Europe, what's happening in the U.S. and that, kind of, triggers this new cycle that everybody was not expecting and the valuations are just right on point.MCDOWELL: How do you factor that in? How do you quantify a political risk at the White House that is hard to predict?MURPHY: Yes. I think you, kind of, put it aside, you accept the fact that it's going to bring increase volatility, but we talk Russell 2000, which are the smaller, as we talked earlier, U.S.-focused growth companies, I would go even a step lower and look at the private sector because I think that's where the real innovation. We also venture capital funds. So we're seeing technology affect every sector of business that there is from garbage to transportation, to travel, as you and I spoke off cam.SORIANO: True, all the sectors, yes.MURPHY: Do you see one specific area where you see -- think that there's more of an opportunity than others?SORIANO: So, the trends and patterns right now, a little bit of that block chain going on, where there's digital ledgers that are showing you transparencies, so a lot of small tech companies are adapting that, whether it's a use of token or not, that's a whole different story, but I think, like any small tech company, you have to prove yourself where you are, rather than go global without having enough money to do that expansion.KRISTINA PARTSINEVELOS, FBN REPORTER: Just to go back to Russell 2000, it is more domestic, right? It's a reflection of domestic markets and growth in the United States versus S&P 500.MURPHY: Right.PARTSINEVELOS: There's a little bit of a difference there. Are you seeing the reason why that growth is happening is because of tax cuts, so a lot of these companies, these smaller cap companies are really benefiting from the tax cuts, especially since their effective tax rate is so much higher than the multinationals?SORIANO: It's kind of tricky. I think, this year, we're going to, kind of, see this trend, this hockey stick of these companies, but after that, it will be the trick to see if that is in effect what is causing it. So, right now, we're still speculating --PARTSINEVELOS: It's too soon, yes, to even --SORIANO: Yes, I mean, proven themselves, proven their technologies, augmenting their clientele and then thinking globally, I think would be the right strategy.MCDOWELL: We are watching crude oil (INAUDIBLE) in $72.00 a barrel, that's the highest levels since November of 2014, but with rising energy prices, it feeds into the inflation worries which triggered the market route in early February about higher interest rates.So you have the 10-year, yesterday. The yield, it closed at 3.09 percent. It actually hit kind of a cycle high. At what point does the 10-year yield, at what point do higher interest rates really kill this market rally?SORIANO: You're asking me two different questions, so one, is the use of ethanol, how it was promoted to be -- to ramp up these oil around the world, right? And the second thing is, you're talking about the rates that the U.S. treasury rates that go along this?MCDOWELL: Yes.SORIANO: Well, nobody likes higher prices, that's for sure, but, I think they will go lower, I mean, this is the predictions that we're having.MURPHY: So, I look at it and I see the 10-year up at 3.09. I think it can creep higher if it's moving higher for the right reasons. If it's moving higher because we're actually seeing real growth underneath the economy that's supporting the higher interest rate, and I think that's what we're seeing right now.So, I think, it's not going to spook people, unless you get something that says the economy is actually slowing or stopping, so we start talking recession and you started to see rates creeping higher, that would be a major problem and a cause for a selloff, x that, we're fine.MCDOWELL: These retails sales numbered broadly, they're kind of overall retail sales numbers we got earlier in the week for last month. They were very strong. I think, the year over year number was 4.7 percent growth which is so incredible. And some of the estimates I looked at for the second quarter have taken the growth rate up to close to three percent, 2.9 percent, so that does seem to be the case.And it's interesting that with all of the talk about North Korea threatening to pull out of the summit talks, what's going on with trade, you haven't seen treasury buying, so people -- they're not running for safety in this environment.SORIANO: All right. So think about, you know, having 196 countries out there with 182 different currencies being exchanged. The U.S. dollar still remains the strongest, regardless, 60 percent of the currency is out there in the world being used for petro dollars. So, I don't -- I'm not really scared with this. I think we should be all right.MCDOWELL: Marco, it's good to see you, Marco Soriano of the Soriano Group, General Managing Partner there. Thank you for being here. Good to see you. Come back soon.SORIANO: Thank you, guys, thank you.MCDOWELL: An East Coast outpost where Apple is now looking to bring another (INAUDIBLE) seems in a hurry to get away. Twenty thousand employees, that would be the number of jobs that Apple adds, plus volcanic eruption can't ruin day on the links, golfers in Hawaii teaming off as a volcano spews a massive cloud of ash behind them. Those incredible photos, next.MCDOWELL: Jobs in America, Apple is said to be considering an east coast campus. Cheryl Casone has the details on where they might show up.CASONE: It's pretty interesting, Dagen. So the Washington Post is reporting that Northern Virginia, as well as North Carolina's research triangle region are now under consideration by Apple. They're planning to spend $30 billion on new facilities and hire 20,000 employees in the next - in the United States over the next five years. The two areas are also under Amazon's consideration. Amazon's consideration for the company's second headquarters. We still don't know what that's going to be. Shares of Apple are up about 10 percent so far this year.Well, more help on the way on the fight against addiction to opioids. The FDA has approved the first non-opioid drug to treat side effects from opioid withdrawal which include anxiety, nausea, sleep problems. The drug which is made by US WorldMeds can only be used for up to 14 days. The Centers for Disease Control says that there is more than 40,000 deaths from opioid overdoses back in 2016. It's a major issue, of course.Well, U.S. Surgeon General Jerome Adams answering the call of duty in an unexpected time. A passenger lost consciousness on a plane and was lucky to have the nation's top doctor onboard. Adams tweeted out, "On my Delta flight to Jackson, Mississippi, by way of Atlanta, and they asked if there was a doctor on board to help with a medical emergency, why yes, yes, there was, patient doing well and like a good #US Public health service officer, I was glad to be able to assist. Delta Airlines tweeted their thanks, of course, for the help. Adam was reportedly heading to Mississippi to address the administration's fight against the opioid epidemic. What a guy.All right. And this is big breaking news, hold on to your cereal bowl, Kellogg's is shaking up the Fruit Loop, for first time in 10 years, they're coming out with a new flavor in Fruit Loops, wild berry and this is going to really rock your world, everybody, the design is also changing red, green, and blue loops are going to be mixed in with purple stars, so lines, I'm sure, are going to be forming out in the super market doors sometime this summer when the Fruit Loops are unveiled. We'll have to try them, Dagen. Not gluten free, not sugar free.MCDOWELL: Kristina, do you think --PARTSINEVELOS: No, I don't eat Fruit Loops. But you know that there's no fruit in it which we know, but every flavor is actually the same. So you're saying that this new flavor, it's still the same. They all -- if you have a blue one versus a red one, it would taste the same.MCDOWELL: They say they taste different.PARTSINEVELOS: They have a brain.MCDOWELL: Right, Cheryl, help me out here. Don't they insist that these - -CASONE: Yes, they insist that they are different flavors. And remember, it's always fun when your milk turns pink as well after all these years.MURPHY: We have to test that.MCDOWELL: Kids love Fruit Loops.MURPHY: We're a big Lucky Charms household.PARTSINEVELOS: Just the marshmallows.MURPHY: Just the marshmallows.MCDOWELL: Magically delicious. And if you're a real Fruit Loops lover, you drink the pink milk in a bowl.JONES: Yes, you have to.MCDOWELL: Right. Thank you, Lawrence. Thanks for having my back.Coming up, Hawaii's erupting volcano not stopping, some action on the links, golfers there teeing off as a giant plume of ash looms behind them. We've got the photos next.MCDOWELL: Michigan State will pay half a billion dollars to the victims of Larry Nassar. Jared Max is here with the stunning settlement, jarred.JARED MAX, FOX NEWS SPORTSCASTER: Good morning, Dagen, while no dollar amount could erase the pains of the past or horrors in the future triggered by what a trusted doctor did to them. Yesterday's mediation settlement -- or Tuesday's rather brings closure to this chapter. Former gymnast, Rachel Denhollander, the first woman to publicly accuse Nassar of sexual abuse more than 18 months ago said, I'm very happy that we're done with litigation, I'm grateful for the historic number that acknowledges some of the hardships that these women have suffered. I'm also very disappointed and a missed opportunity to create meaningful policy changes. A $500 million, Michigan State agreed to pay 425 million will be divided among 332 victims, part of the legal case. $75 million will be held for two years in case others make claims against Nassar who was going to spend the rest of his life behind bars.We told you yesterday about golfer Lucas Glover's wife, Krista who was arrested Saturday charged with domestic battery and resisting arrest, after she allegedly calls lacerations to the arms of her husband and her mother- in-law, turns out Lucas' wife Krista called 911 and said that she was the victim. Then she hung up but when St. Johns County sheriff's called back, Lucas answered.LUCAS GLOVER, AMERICAN PROFESSIONAL GOLFER: She's trying to blame it on my mother which is not the case at all the. My mother's the one leaving us and my wife has gone crazy. When the deputies get here, they need to talk to the male, that would be me because these other two are out of their heads at the moment. She's going to lie to you, that's what I'm telling you.MAX: Lucas Glover referring to his wife telling lies, not his mother. We have ourselves a series in the NBA western finals. While Kevin Durant last night scored 38 points for the Warriors in game two at Houston, James Harden, Eric Gordon 27 each, PJ Tucker, 22. The Rockets beat the Warriors by 22. Even the series by one. By the way, Milwaukee Bucks named Mike Budenholzer their head coach. A question, would you play a round of golf these days at Hawaii volcano's national park? It looks like a Hollywood set but this scene is very real. As massive plumes of ash from the Kilauea volcano, roared in the distance, two men played a few holes as many others looked on. It's a surreal scene. Some of the images, that one fellow wearing the bright orange shirt, it almost looks like is this real, yes, that's very real. I was going to call that an ash shower, volcanic ash shower in months in the British West Indies. Scary time, you don't want to be around, because that stuff also from what's there. I wouldn't want to be that close too, you know. And still a good distance. It's like when you're in Vegas on the strip, the mountains look like they're right there, it's a lot further away.MURPHY: I was going to say, how far are they?PARTSINEVELOS: Far enough, I think based on what I've read.MCDOWELL: Are you a golfer, Lawrence?JONES: I'm learning.MCDOWELL: That is -- that's (INAUDIBLE)MAX: Tiger Woods is still learning.JONES: I don't want to cheat. I'm learning.PARTSINEVELOS: Are you (INAUDIBLE) that you don't have to cheat? You don't want to cheat? Do you normally do?JONES: I don't want to lie. I'm learning.MCDOWELL: Are you a golfer?PARTSINEVELOS: No, not a --MURPHY: Golfer. Struggling, learning.MCDOWELL: So, would you golf on a course where there's a volcano erupting close by?MURPHY: Oh, no. Close by, no. Often the distance, kind of cool. But no, I don't want to be anywhere near hot lava.MCDOWELL: I will give anyone the opportunity to quote Carl, Bill Murray from caddy shack.MAX: I don't think (INAUDIBLE) to come down pretty while.MCDOWELL: Thank you very much. Again, that's the attitude of most golfers. So it's like you're playing and lighting storm, you're playing in the shadow of a volcano.MAX: They are determined. I mean, they're a determined bunch. Those two golfers. Think about the tee times, people are waking up at 3:00 in the morning and putting on nickers.MCDOWELL: Nickers.JONES: Do you golf, Dagen?MCDOWELL: I did badly and I worked on a golf course.JONES: So you're learning like me.MCDOWELL: I sold booze on the golf course, after I already --MAX: Like the little cart with the --MCDOWELL: I drove the cart and sold booze, after I had a college degree which was really uplifting from my parents.PARTSINEVELOS: You must have made a lot of money doing that?JONES: I know.MCDOWELL: Yes. Some people tip well. Texans tip well. Others, not so much. So Texans tend to tip extreme well. By the way, Shinnecock out of Long Island, US Open, we're going to be there. We're going to be broadcasting from there.MURPHY: Thanks for the invite. I'll be there.MCDOWELL: Seriously. You've got digs up -- you've got digs out there. I think I just booked you and maybe I should count just --MAX: You bring the cooler --MCDOWELL: I'm so excited to go walk the Shinnecock course and really -- I love watching golf even though I'm terrible at it.MAX: And you make fun of me for watching paint drive because I like baseball.MCDOWELL: I like going to a baseball game. I just hate watching on the television.JONES: Me too, and the same way.MCDOWELL: Thank you. That as well --MAX: George Carmen (ph) said, hitting a ball with a crooked stick and walking after it and then hitting it again.MCDOWELL: Jared is full of it today, I mean, in a good way. Jared Max, his sports reports on Fox News Headlines 24/7, Sirius XM 115.Still ahead, earnings and focus. Retail giant Walmart, Dow Component set to report in a minute, we bring you those numbers, what they say about the state of this country and Americans and their spending, next hour on MORNINGS WITH MARIA.MCDOWELL: Good morning. I'm Dagen McDowell in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Thursday, May 17th. Your top stories at 7:00 a.m. Eastern. Markets on edge --Load-Date: May 17, 2018End of Document

Taiwan slams global brands for siding with ChinaCNN WireMay 16, 2018 Wednesday 11:06 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 618 wordsByline: By Daniel ShaneDateline: HONG KONG (CNNMoney) BodyHONG KONG (CNNMoney) --  Taiwan is calling out global brands that have bowed to Chinese pressure to treat it as just another part of China.Taiwan's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday berated Air Canada and Gap on Twitter, accusing the airline of buckling under pressure and the clothing retailer of sending the wrong message to the world.The public scoldings follow recent efforts by the Chinese government to get international companies to adopt its stance on Taiwan on their websites and apps. China considers self-governed Taiwan to be an integral part of its territory, and comes down hard on any suggestions to the contrary. But Taiwan's government, which is currently controlled by a pro-independence party, doesn't recognize Beijing's claims.It's upset with Air Canada for appearing to describe Taiwan as part of China on its global website.Air Canada's site now lists destinations in Taiwan under the designation "CN," which is shorthand for China. The change appeared to have been made in the past few days, based on archived versions of the carrier's website. It previously referred to the destinations as being in "TW," short for Taiwan."The decision by @AirCanada to buckle under pressure from #Beijing & designate #Taiwan as part of #China on its website is unacceptable to the government & people of Taiwan," the Taiwan Foreign Ministry tweeted Wednesday. "We urge the carrier to reverse this change & respect Taiwan's sovereignty and dignity."A spokesman for the ministry told Taiwan's main news agency, CNA, on Tuesday that it had asked Canada's biggest airline to rectify the issue.Air Canada did not respond to requests for comment outside of regular office hours. Canadian broadcaster CBC reported that a spokeswoman for the airline said its "policy is to comply with all requirements in all worldwide jurisdictions to which we fly." The Chinese government recently wrote to more than 30 international airlines, including some US carriers, demanding that they change their websites to remove any information that could suggest that Taiwan, Hong Kong or Macau are not part of China.The Air Canada spokeswoman didn't say whether the company had received a specific request from China, according to CBC.The White House has slammed China's demands as "Orwellian nonsense," calling them "part of a growing trend by the Chinese Communist Party to impose its political views on American citizens and private companies."In January, Delta was publicly scolded by China's aviation administrator for listing Taiwan and Tibet as countries on its Chinese website. The company quickly apologized and fixed the issue, drawing criticism from Taiwan.Other big brands including Marriott and Zara have apologized for similar missteps. Taiwan's government is unhappy with Gap for its response to an outcry in China over one of its T-shirts. Chinese social media users complained that the map of China on the T-shirt left out Taiwan and islands claimed by Beijing in the South China Sea. Gap on Monday apologized for failing "to reflect the correct map of China" and said it would withdraw the T-shirt from the Chinese market."Disappointing to see @Gap engaged in self-criticism," Taiwan's Foreign Ministry tweeted Wednesday. "Such acts send the wrong message to the world." China and Taiwan -- officially the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China, respectively -- separated in 1949 following the Communist victory on the mainland after a civil war. They have been governed separately since, though a shared cultural and linguistic heritage mostly endures -- with Mandarin spoken as the official language in both places.TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: May 17, 2018End of Document

Chinese tech investment is next target in Trump's crackdownCNN WireJune 25, 2018 Monday 4:03 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 852 wordsByline: By Jethro Mullen and Kevin LiptakDateline: HONG KONG (CNNMoney) BodyHONG KONG (CNNMoney) --  The Trump administration is set to announce measures this week cracking down on Chinese investment in key technologies in the United States.The move is expected to exacerbate tensions in the intensifying trade clash between Washington and Beijing.The planned US restrictions on Chinese investments in "industrially significant technology" are in large part fueled by American concerns about "Made in China 2025," Beijing's plan to boost industries like robotics, electric cars and aerospace with the aim of becoming a global leader in those areas.The measures are set to include rules that would bar firms with at least 25% Chinese ownership from buying companies involved in technology deemed significant by the White House, a person familiar with the plans told CNN on Monday. That will include the aerospace, robotics and automotive sectors, the person added.The administration is also working on new export rules that would bar those technologies from being shipped to China, the person said. The restrictions were first reported late Sunday by The Wall Street Journal.Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Twitter that the restrictions would not be specific to China but would apply to "all countries that are trying to steal our technology."The White House has said previously that details of the investment restrictions, as well as "enhanced export controls" limiting Chinese acquisition of US technology, will be announced by June 30. The measures are part of the same broad US move to confront Beijing over its trade practices as the tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods that the Trump administration detailed earlier this month. Beijing has vowed to strike back in equal measure against the tariffs, the first wave of which are due to take effect July 6.The US government says the flurry of measures against China are a response to the theft of American intellectual property and pressure US companies face to hand over technology to Chinese firms in order to do business in the country. Chinese officials have repeatedly rejected the US allegations, accusing Washington of making unilateral and protectionist moves.The Wall Street Journal reported that the investment restrictions could apply to deals involving entities in which Chinese investors hold less than 25% "if the administration determines that Chinese investors could obtain the technology through board seats, licensing agreements or other measures."The report said US industry would have an opportunity to comment on the plans before the rules take effect.Responding to the report, the Chinese government said it always encouraged Chinese companies to abide by local laws, and operate according to market principles and international norms. Chinese companies had created many jobs, paid a lot of tax, and helped American businesses to grow, it added. "We hope the United States can objectively view the companies' commercial activities, and create a good, fair, predictable investment environment for Chinese companies," Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Geng Shuang told reporters. Emergency law likely to be usedExperts and recent media reports say the Trump administration is likely to use an emergency law to impose the investment restrictions on Chinese companies, citing national security grounds. The law, the 1977 International Emergency Economic Powers Act, gives the president authority to take certain measures against another country during a "national emergency."The investment crackdown is likely to be disruptive, experts say."The US has benefited enormously from having an open investment regime," Phil Levy, senior fellow on the global economy at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, told CNNMoney late last month. But the restrictions come at a time of rapidly declining Chinese investment in the United States. It plunged more than 90% in the first five months of 2018 compared with the same period a year earlier, according to a report last week by Rhodium Group, a research firm that tracks Chinese foreign investment.Rhodium linked the sharp drop to tougher scrutiny of Chinese acquisitions by US regulators and China's own restrictions on outbound investment.Under the Trump administration, Chinese-backed deals have come under more aggressive scrutiny from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, an inter-agency panel chaired by the Treasury Department. The committee vets certain deals that could give a foreign investor control of a US business for national security risks.In one high-profile case, an attempt by Chinese online financial services company Ant Financial, an affiliate of Alibaba, to take over US money transfer service Moneygram fell through after failing to get CFIUS approval.CFIUS is also poised to become even more powerful. Legislation that would expand CFIUS' authority has bipartisan support in Congress and the backing of top Trump administration officials.-- Julia Horowitz, Alessia Grunberger and Nanlin Fang contributed to this report.TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.NotesUpdated noon ET with Mnuchin tweet.Load-Date: June 26, 2018End of Document

Chinese tech investment is next target in Trump's crackdownCNNMoney.comJune 24, 2018 Sunday 12:03 PM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: INVESTINGLength: 833 wordsByline: Jethro MullenBodyThe Trump administration is set to announce measures this week cracking down on Chinese investment in key technologies in the United States.The move is expected to exacerbate tensions in the intensifying trade clash between Washington and Beijing.The planned US restrictions on Chinese investments in "industrially significant technology" are in large part fueled by American concerns about "Made in China 2025," Beijing's plan to boost industries like robotics, electric cars and aerospace with the aim of becoming a global leader in those areas.The measures are set to include rules that would bar firms with at least 25% Chinese ownership from buying companies involved in technology deemed significant by the White House, a person familiar with the plans told CNN on Monday. That will include the aerospace, robotics and automotive sectors, the person added.The administration is also working on new export rules that would bar those technologies from being shipped to China, the person said.The restrictions were first reported late Sunday by The Wall Street Journal.Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Twitter that the restrictions would not be specific to China but would apply to "all countries that are trying to steal our technology."The White House has said previously that details of the investment restrictions, as well as "enhanced export controls" limiting Chinese acquisition of US technology, will be announced by June 30.The measures are part of the same broad US move to confront Beijing over its trade practices as the tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods that the Trump administration detailed earlier this month. Beijing has vowed to strike back in equal measure against the tariffs, the first wave of which are due to take effect July 6.The US government says the flurry of measures against China are a response to the theft of American intellectual property and pressure US companies face to hand over technology to Chinese firms in order to do business in the country. Chinese officials have repeatedly rejected the US allegations, accusing Washington of making unilateral and protectionist moves.The Wall Street Journal reported that the investment restrictions could apply to deals involving entities in which Chinese investors hold less than 25% "if the administration determines that Chinese investors could obtain the technology through board seats, licensing agreements or other measures."The report said US industry would have an opportunity to comment on the plans before the rules take effect.Responding to the report, the Chinese government said it always encouraged Chinese companies to abide by local laws, and operate according to market principles and international norms. Chinese companies had created many jobs, paid a lot of tax, and helped American businesses to grow, it added."We hope the United States can objectively view the companies' commercial activities, and create a good, fair, predictable investment environment for Chinese companies," Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Geng Shuang told reporters.Emergency law likely to be usedExperts and recent media reports say the Trump administration is likely to use an emergency law to impose the investment restrictions on Chinese companies, citing national security grounds.The law, the 1977 International Emergency Economic Powers Act, gives the president authority to take certain measures against another country during a "national emergency."The investment crackdown is likely to be disruptive, experts say."The US has benefited enormously from having an open investment regime," Phil Levy, senior fellow on the global economy at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, told CNNMoney late last month.But the restrictions come at a time of rapidly declining Chinese investment in the United States. It plunged more than 90% in the first five months of 2018 compared with the same period a year earlier, according to a report last week by Rhodium Group, a research firm that tracks Chinese foreign investment.Rhodium linked the sharp drop to tougher scrutiny of Chinese acquisitions by US regulators and China's own restrictions on outbound investment.Under the Trump administration, Chinese-backed deals have come under more aggressive scrutiny from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, an inter-agency panel chaired by the Treasury Department. The committee vets certain deals that could give a foreign investor control of a US business for national security risks.In one high-profile case, an attempt by Chinese online financial services company Ant Financial, an affiliate of Alibaba, to take over US money transfer service Moneygram fell through after failing to get CFIUS approval.CFIUS is also poised to become even more powerful. Legislation that would expand CFIUS' authority has bipartisan support in Congress and the backing of top Trump administration officials.-- Julia Horowitz, Alessia Grunberger and Nanlin Fang contributed to this report.Load-Date: June 26, 2018End of Document

China's long march for the soul of the nation's digital futurePolitico.comMay 25, 2018 Friday 7:01 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 1665 wordsHighlight: Companies face an alliance that has ring fenced an ecosystem and sub-sectors of hardware producers, chip designers, software and app developers.BodyThis story is being published by POLITICO as part of a content partnership with the South China Morning Post. It originally appeared on SCMP on May 26, 2018.In China's quest for the soul of the nation's digital technology, Ni Guangnan and Cheng Xu are two of the foot soldiers of a two-decade march to develop an indigenous semiconductor processor and operating system - a journey where the end point is ever-shifting.Ni, the 79-year-old academic at the Chinese Academy of Engineering, led the 1999 team that developed China's very first home-built chip. Cheng, director of the Peking University's Microprocessor Research and Development Center (MPRC) led the team that produced the architecture for the UniCore 16 embedded microprocessor the same year, the first building blocks of a functioning computer.However, these engineering feats never did achieve their intended commercial adoptions, leaving Ni and Cheng to continue toiling in relative obscurity.Now, the duo are back in the spotlight, after the U.S. Department of Commerce in April banned the export of American technology components and operating systems to ZTE, one of China's biggest makers of telecommunications hardware and smartphones, for breaching the settlement terms in a violation of Iran and North Korea trade sanctions.The question on everybody's mind - from internet chat to remarks by top Chinese leaders - after the ZTE ban is: Why can't the world's second-largest economy, with seemingly unlimited financial resources and talent at the nation's disposal, been unable to find the soul (which rhymes with the Chinese word for chips) of its digital technology?Chinese companies already claim several superlatives in 21st century technology, including the largest maker of phone equipment and the dominant platform for online shopping, as well as electronic payments. But the core components of all these companies are made by either Intel or Qualcomm, and the operating systems at the heart of their applications are by Google's Android unit in smartphones, or Microsoft for computers.Chinese technology for the central processing unit (CPU) of desktop and laptop computers is about 10 years behind world leaders, said Ni, who invented the world's first hardware card for Chinese character inputs in Lenovo's computers."The ZTE incident exposed how [others] can easily have a stranglehold on our industry chain," Ni said during the May 17 World Intelligence Congress in Tianjin, according to a quote by state-owned The Paper.China's technological edge is in e-commerce, the internet, mobile payment systems and big data, while areas like chip design and fabrication, and the development of operating systems were key weaknesses that were "controlled by others," Ni said.It wasn't for want of trying. The Chinese government set up the first semiconductor research institute as early as 1960. By the late 1970s, the country had 600 factories churning out integrated circuit boards, but at a combined annual scale that was a mere 10 per cent of what a single Japanese factory produced in a month.In 2000, Grace Semiconductor Manufacturing was set up with much fanfare, opening a U.S. $1.63 billion chip fabrication foundry in Shanghai. Led by Jiang Mianheng, the elder son of then Chinese president, and Winston Wang, the eldest scion of Taiwan's wealthiest man at that time, the venture was also invested by Hong Kong's Cheung Kong and Hutchison Whampoa.But Grace didn't report its first profit until 2016 - and even then had the figure combined with another Shanghai foundry called Hua Hong - and would be merged with Hua Hong in 2011.Chen Jin, then a professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University, hogged the headlines in 2003 with his breakthrough in microchip design, unveiling a digital signal processing chip he dubbed the Hanxin, or Chinese chip, which rhymes with "Chinese soul". It didn't take long for Hanxin to be exposed as a fraud, when a whistle-blower revealed that Chen had merely sanded down Motorola chips he imported from his former employer to pass off as his own innovation."It's likely to take years, or even generations, of hard work for Chinese developers to catch up with the international leaders," said Milton Lu, operations director of PhotonIC Technologies, a chip design start-up in Shanghai's Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park.Still, the soul searching offers Chinese engineers the golden opportunity to rev up their research and production, said Lu, whose integrated photonic-electronic chips for next-generation optical networking and internet of things (IoT) sensing systems are used by clients including Huawei and ZTE."Chinese companies are now fully aware of the strategic importance of making high-end chips," he said. "Capital and talent, the two key elements for the industry's growth, can be expected, buoyed by the ambitions of establishing China's own developed integrated circuit industry."Intel, surpassed by Samsung in 2017 as the world's largest maker of memory chips, produced its first silicon wafer in 1969.By the turn of the second millennium, it had accumulated a 32-year technological head start on its nearest rival, in an industry where a foundry that takes two years to build becomes technologically obsolete as a new generation of chips is introduced over the same time span.Money and talent aside, Chinese companies also need an ecosystem of applications and partners to make up for the lost time."A China-designed CPU will also need an operating system" that can "make sure existing software applications like Microsoft's Word or Excel can run smoothly," said Mei Lingchuan, a U.S.-based senior engineer at Jupiter Networks.This leads to one of the industry's biggest struggles: convincing users to adopt the full suite of home-grown architecture, where there are incompatibility risks with global systems, software programs and applications.Companies operate on commercial principles that bring them profits. In the business of chips and operating systems, stability and cost matter more than nationalist pride or patriotic duty. Lesser adopted home-grown technologies have not withstood the test of time, that in turn assure reliability and economies of scale that makes adoption attractive.In 2001, Ni's team produced the "Fangzhou 1" embedded chip. But commercial use of the chip was a herculean task, according to a blog post by Ni's assistant Liang Ning.China's top electronic makers were unanimously lukewarm to adoption: they did not have the means to develop products around an original CPU architecture, because all the products developed based on Intel chips had a quicker path to market.Cheng's MPRC faced a similar plight. UniCore ran on an independent architecture based on the free Linux operating system, but could not get any commercial adoption, even after China in May 2014 banned the use of Microsoft's Windows 8 OS on government computers.Still, what China lacked in talent and technology, could be bought. In 2014, China launched the China Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, known in the industry as the Big Fund, in another major push to nurture innovations in the industry.The fund has already invested about 140 billion yuan (U.S. $22 billion) in four years, with 70 per cent of that total committed to projects within the semiconductor and digital technology supply chain. A second fund of between 150 billion yuan and 200 billion yuan is near completion, aimed at boosting Chinese chip production and technologies to wean companies off imports.Chinese companies themselves had been the largest acquirers of U.S. technology, accounting for 16 percent of all venture investing in 2015, compared with 6 percent in the period five years earlier, according to a January report by Defense Innovation Unit Experimental.China's global foreign direct investment amounted to U.S. $213 billion in 2016, a fifth of which was spent in the US, with cumulative investments in the US exceeding US$100 billion since 2000, the study said.Under President Xi Jinping, China aims to become a tech superpower and artificial intelligence global leader by 2030. The plan involves tax breaks and concessions to Chinese firms, as well as requiring foreign companies to provide key details about their technology to local partners.While the home-grown CPU hasn't reached critical mass to become mainstream, there are signs of progress. Shanghai Zhaoxin Semiconductor, a venture between the Shanghai government and VIA Technologies, claimed it had developed the first domestic x86 CPU micro-architecture that is compatible with all existing software, including Windows 10. Being partially owned by VIA means it is likely covered by VIA's cross-licence agreement for x86 with Intel.PhotonIC also saw encouraging signs of a rapid growth in the coming years since a number of investors have approached it for discussions about new rounds of financing.China's biggest technology companies Huawei Technologies, Alibaba Group and Tencent Holdings - with the world's biggest research budgets between them - are also in on the race to develop chips. Alibaba is owner of the South China Morning Post.Huawei's premium system-on-chip (SoC) Kirin 980 top-end chip is expected to start mass production this quarter. An SoC is an electronic integrated circuit that contains various electronic components commonly including the CPU, graphical processing unit, RAM memory, ROM memory and modem.Alibaba last month bought Hangzhou C-SKY Microsystems, a Chinese designer and developer of embedded CPUs.Despite the recent activities, China is still lagging, at least for now."There's no solution for the CPU problem. Intel is too powerful," said state-owned Tsinghua Unigroup's co-president Yu Yingtao in an interview with state media two weeks ago. "Ninety-five percent of the money goes to Intel. Servers worldwide are working for it ... this is the reality. On the one hand we are furious, on the other hand we are also helpless."With additional reporting by Xie Yu in Hong Kong.Load-Date: May 29, 2018End of Document

Taiwan slams global brands for siding with ChinaCNNMoney.comMay 16, 2018 Wednesday 9:28 AM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: INVESTINGLength: 547 wordsByline: Daniel ShaneBodyTaiwan is calling out global brands that have bowed to Chinese pressure to treat it as just another part of China.Taiwan's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday berated Air Canada and Gap on Twitter, accusing the airline of buckling under pressure and the clothing retailer of sending the wrong message to the world.The public scoldings follow recent efforts by the Chinese government to get international companies to adopt its stance on Taiwan on their websites and apps.China considers self-governed Taiwan to be an integral part of its territory, and comes down hard on any suggestions to the contrary. But Taiwan's government, which is currently controlled by a pro-independence party, doesn't recognize Beijing's claims.It's upset with Air Canada for appearing to describe Taiwan as part of China on its global website.Air Canada's site now lists destinations in Taiwan under the designation "CN," which is shorthand for China. The change appeared to have been made in the past few days, based on archived versions of the carrier's website. It previously referred to the destinations as being in "TW," short for Taiwan.A spokesman for the ministry told Taiwan's main news agency, CNA, on Tuesday that it had asked Canada's biggest airline to rectify the issue.Air Canada did not respond to requests for comment outside of regular office hours. Canadian broadcaster CBC reported that a spokeswoman for the airline said its "policy is to comply with all requirements in all worldwide jurisdictions to which we fly."The Chinese government recently wrote to more than 30 international airlines, including some US carriers, demanding that they change their websites to remove any information that could suggest that Taiwan, Hong Kong or Macau are not part of China.The Air Canada spokeswoman didn't say whether the company had received a specific request from China, according to CBC.The White House has slammed China's demands as "Orwellian nonsense," calling them "part of a growing trend by the Chinese Communist Party to impose its political views on American citizens and private companies."In January, Delta was publicly scolded by China's aviation administrator for listing Taiwan and Tibet as countries on its Chinese website. The company quickly apologized and fixed the issue, drawing criticism from Taiwan.Other big brands including Marriott and Zara have apologized for similar missteps.Taiwan's government is unhappy with Gap for its response to an outcry in China over one of its T-shirts. Chinese social media users complained that the map of China on the T-shirt left out Taiwan and islands claimed by Beijing in the South China Sea.Gap on Monday apologized for failing "to reflect the correct map of China" and said it would withdraw the T-shirt from the Chinese market."Disappointing to see @Gap engaged in self-criticism," Taiwan's Foreign Ministry tweeted Wednesday. "Such acts send the wrong message to the world."China and Taiwan -- officially the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China, respectively -- separated in 1949 following the Communist victory on the mainland after a civil war.They have been governed separately since, though a shared cultural and linguistic heritage mostly endures -- with Mandarin spoken as the official language in both places.Load-Date: May 17, 2018End of Document

White House decides against outright limits on Chinese investmentCNNMoney.comJune 27, 2018 Wednesday 11:43 PM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: TECHNOLOGYLength: 674 wordsByline: Julia HorowitzBodyThe Trump administration has decided against imposing outright limits on Chinese investment in the United States.Instead, it will rely on Congress to strengthen an existing government body that evaluates individual corporate deals for national security risks, senior administration officials told reporters early Wednesday.The Commerce Department is still looking into enhanced export controls, which would stop US firms from shipping certain technology to China.The decision is a more moderate approach as President Donald Trump tries to balance his desire to crack down on "unfair" Chinese trade practices without hurting US economic growth. Tech stocks declined sharply earlier this week when news reports suggested Trump would choose broad limits on Chinese investment."We are not singling out China," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told CNBC on Wednesday following the administration's announcement.The United States has long accused China of stealing trade secrets, costing the economy billions of dollars in revenue and thousands of jobs.Now the Trump administration is trying to force China to change its ways. Part of the US response includes imposing tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods, some of which are set to go into effect next month.But US authorities have also been looking into investment restrictions.In March, Trump directed Mnuchin to consider restrictions that would address concerns about Chinese investment "in industries or technologies deemed important to the United States."The White House signaled in May that it would adopt restrictions on Chinese investment in "industrially significant technology." It said the specifics of its plan would be officially announced by June 30, which is Saturday.News outlets including CNN reported earlier this week that the administration was considering a rule to bar firms with at least 25% Chinese ownership from buying American companies that are involved in technology that the White House considers important.Those reports triggered a sell-off in tech stocks. After news of the White House decision broke early Wednesday, stock futures rallied.Mnuchin said Wednesday that the White House expects lawmakers to act quickly to protect US technology.Congress is working on legislation that would strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, an inter-agency panel chaired by the Treasury Department. The panel vets certain deals that could give foreign investors control of a US business for national security concerns.The legislation has bipartisan support in both the House and Senate, and top Trump administration officials endorsed the reform initiative earlier this year.The House passed a bill expanding CFIUS' authority this week. A similar bill passed the Senate earlier this month.At a weekly news briefing on Thursday, Chinese Commerce Ministry spokesman Gao Feng said China is closely monitoring the developments and assessing the potential impact on Chinese companies.CFIUS has already been more aggressive under Trump, especially on China.Experts say the panel has examined more deals, while paying particular attention to partnerships that could give foreign companies access to sensitive technology or personal data on Americans.Chinese investment in the United States has declined dramatically amid heightened regulatory scrutiny.Investment plunged more than 90% in the first five months of 2018 compared with the same period a year earlier, according to a report last week by Rhodium Group, a research firm that tracks Chinese foreign investment.It said CFIUS and other US regulators have become a "major hurdle" for Chinese investors who are already dealing with restrictions placed by the Chinese government on foreign investment.The president's choice to back away from strict restrictions on Chinese investment marks a slight easing of tensions as US tariffs on China are set to go into effect.More than 800 Chinese exports worth $34 billion will be subject to tariffs starting July 6.-- Steven Jiang contributed to this report.Load-Date: June 28, 2018End of Document

FIVE FACTS ON TRADE RELATIONS BETWEEN THE U.S. AND CHINAStates News ServiceJune 18, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 644 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by No Labels:Last week, President Trump announced $50 billion in new tariffs against a wide range of Chinese exports to the United States. It is his latest move in a series of maneuvers that the president says will improve foreign trade deals for America. China almost immediately announced a proportional amount of retaliatory tariffs against U.S. exports. Here are five facts on the current state of U.S. trade relations with China.On Friday, the White House announced it would impose a 25% tariff on $50 billion worth of Chinese exportsThe tariffs will roll out in two waves. Beginning July 6, U.S. customs agents will begin collecting taxes on more than 800 different Chinese products worth approximately $34 billion. An additional 280 items, worth about $16 billion, will start to be taxed following a public comment period. The tariffs will primarily target industrial sectors that are integral to China's "Made in China 2025" plana state-sponsored initiative to dominate high-tech industries such as automobiles, aerospace, and robotics. Specifically, the tariffs will target goods that include nuclear reactors, aircraft engine parts, and motorcycles.In response to U.S. tariffs, China has imposed a 25% tariff on $34 billion worth of U.S. exports and has indicated that more tariffs will be announced shortlyIn a calculated response, China responded proportionately to U.S. levies. The first round of Chinse tariffs will also go into effect on July 6 and will target 545 different U.S. products, including soybeans, electric cars, orange juice, whiskey, salmon, and cigars. The second round of tariffs will focus on 114 types of goods and will include chemical products, medical equipment, and energy. In addition, the Chinese government announced that it will scrap a deal to buy $70 billion worth of American agricultural and energy products, which had been struck in early June in an attempt to avoid future tariffs.The primary purpose of the tariffs is to punish China for stealing American intellectual property, technology, and trade secretsIn March 2018 the Office of the United States Trade Representative released the findings of a seven-month investigation into Chinese intellectual property theft, which found that it currently costs the United States between $225 and $600 billion annually. Restrictive Chinese government policies and corporate espionage have caused much of the trouble. Chinese licensing and administration rules have forced foreign firms to share their cutting-edge technology and trade secrets with Chinese firms if they wish to enter the lucrative Chinese market. Additionally, outright theft has become an increasingly troublesome problem. This past January, a Beijing-based wind turbine company was found guilty of stealing trade secrets by secretly downloading source code from a Massachusetts company.There is bipartisan support for President Trump's decision to impose tariffs on Chinese exportsIn a radio interview, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) stated, "I thought what he [President Trump] did on China is right." Sen. Schumer pointed to China's intellectual and cyber theft, while also highlighting how China has barred certain U.S. companies from the country. The minority leader acknowledged that "China will bark back" but stated that "they need us more than we need them" and that it was time for the U.S. to "be strong."In 2017 the U.S. had a $375 billion trade deficit with ChinaLast year, the U.S. exported approximately $130 billion worth of goods to China while importing about $505 billion worth of Chinese goods. Overall, 18% of U.S. imports come from China, while 8% of U.S. exports are sent there. This trade deficit has frustrated both Republicans and Democrats alike and was another important factor in President Trump's decision to impose tariffs.Load-Date: June 19, 2018End of Document

Chinese Muslims have to pledge loyalty to the Communist Party before they can leave the country for the journey to MeccaBusiness Insider USApril 24, 2018 Tuesday 02:02 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 948 wordsByline: feedback@businessinsider.com,  (Rosie Perper)Highlight: Uyghur Muslims have faced discriminatory policies targeting their community, and have their travel tightly monitored and restricted by the government.BodyKevin Frayer/Getty Images• Some Chinese Muslims hoping to go on the annual Hajj pilgrimage must first pledge their allegiance to the Communist Party before they will be allowed to exit the country.• Uyghur Muslims from the Xinjiang autonomous region must create a profile online applying for permission to travel on the Hajj.• China has been cracking down on Uyghurs' freedom, limiting their ability to travel, communicate, and use technology.Chinese Muslims from the autonomous Xinjiang region hoping to embark on the annual Hajj pilgrimage must first pledge their allegiance to the Chinese Communist Party.Screenshot/Business InsiderA government website, operated by the Urumqi City Ethnic and Religious Affairs Committee, requires local Muslims to submit a travel request to attend the Hajj by setting up an online profile. The site asks users to register their age, job, health, and economic status and provides strict guidelines for applicants, who must be aged between 50 and 70 and have lived in Urumqi, the region's capital, for at least five years. Users must also pledge allegiance to the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and national unity.Registration appears to now be closed but was open between September 1 2017 to November 1 2017. This indicates applicants for the 2018 Hajj, taking place in mid-August, may have been required to make the pledge.China closely controls and vets applicants for the Hajj each year. Authorities seem to believe that religious travel for minority groups could act as "potential cover for subversive political activity," Human Rights Watch has reported.But while other regional government websites list similar conditions for Hajj applicants, these applications don't appear to require CCP allegiance. This indicates China is more concerned about subversive activity by Uyghurs in particular.Uyghurs face strict travel laws and restrictive policies David Gray/ReutersThe Chinese government is increasingly monitoring and restricting travel by Uyghur Muslims in an attempt to crackdown on religious extremism.In 2016, millions of Xinjiang residents were ordered to surrender their passports to local police for an "annual check" and had to seek permission from local authorities to travel abroad. Rights groups said the act deliberately targeted the region's predominant Uyghur group, who make up about 49% of Xinjiang's population, in order to restrict their movements. Timothy Grose, a China expert at the Rose Hulman Institute of Technology, first noticed the Urumqi site last week and told Business Insider that Uyghurs who have traveled abroad are "commonly targeted by authorities" and are forced into "extrajudicial detention centers," commonly referred to as re-education centers."From personal communication with some of my Uyghur friends and contacts, having a member of one's immediate family working or studying in one of the 'blacklisted countries' can also be grounds for arrest," Grose said.Earlier this year, Radio Free Asia reported that around 120,000 Uyghurs had been sent to these camps in just one region of Xinjiang since April 2017. Many of them have been accused of harboring "extremist" and "politically incorrect" ideologies.Less than two weeks ago, former member of China's national youth football team Erfan Hezima was sent to a re-education center. His crime was "visiting foreign countries" while training and playing international football matches, according to Radio Free Asia.The US State Department's annual human rights report released last week reported Uyghurs' freedoms worsened over the last year and there are many cases of people who were "disappeared.""In many cases individuals were detained upon returning home after studying abroad," the report said.The group's religious identity has also been subject to crackdownKevin Frayer/Getty ImagesBut barring travel by Uyghurs is just one way the government has closely monitored the minority ethnic group.Women have been banned from wearing burqas and veils and men have been jailed for refusing to shave            their beards. Authorities have barred Xinjiang residents from            fasting during Ramadan and ordered restaurants to stay open despite religious obligations.  Last year, Muslim children were forced to change overly Islamic names, and adults were coerced into attending rallies which pledged allegiance to the atheist Communist Party. Mosques have also been forced to push propaganda, swapping inscriptions about Muhammad for red banners that declare, "           Love the Party, Love the Country."Additionally, government surveillance in the region has continued to widen.Chinese authorities recently began collecting DNA samples, fingerprints, iris scans, and blood types from all Xinjiang residents aged between 12 and 65. They have also collected voice samples that may be used to identify voices on phone calls.Additionally, authorities use an expansive network of 40,000 facial-recognition cameras and have been installing surveillance apps on residents' phones.The US State Department has called on China to end these policies.NOW WATCH: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump tried to cut a secret deal with Planned Parenthood - here's what happenedSee Also:• Sexist job ads discriminate against women in China - even specifying applicants' required height, weight, and facial structure• Confusion erupts after a 'small, drone-type' object was apparently shot down near the king's palace in Saudi Arabia• Trump lavished praise on China's president while ignoring their escalating trade fightSEE ALSO: 22 eerie photos show how China uses facial recognition to track its citizens as they travel, shop - and even use toilet paperLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 33 of 350CHINA'S TRADE POLICY: CHEAT AND REPEAT  Page 43 of 350How China acquires 'the crown jewels' of U.S. technology  Page 53 of 350How China acquires 'the crown jewels' of U.S. technology  Page 59 of 350House Commerce Subcommittee Issues Testimony From Center for Strategic & International Studies  Page 61 of 350Xunlei Receives National CDN License From Chinese Government  Page 63 of 350CEO John D. Maatta Invited to Boao Forum in Hainan, China, April 9-11; Invited By The Chinese Government, Maatta Is Delegate To The 'Davos Of Asia'; To Attend S....  Page 66 of 350China wants its top tech firms to bring their shares home  Page 68 of 350China wants its top tech firms to bring their shares home  Page 70 of 350Chinese government sees no reason to oppose &"third parties&" to EDP's tender offer  Page 72 of 350Trump Indonesia project gets Chinese government partner  Page 74 of 350Trump Indonesia project gets Chinese government partner  Page 76 of 350Huawei executive warns Australia risks economy with 5G ban  Page 78 of 350Huawei executive warns Australia risks economy with 5G ban  Page 80 of 350China tells international airlines to toe the line on Taiwan  Page 83 of 350CHINA: JOB ADS DISCRIMINATE AGAINST WOMEN  Page 86 of 350Beijing Wants to Rewrite the Rules of the Internet  Page 88 of 350The gopher lasted little: Dominican Republic breaks with Taiwan and begins new relationship with China  Page 90 of 350China tells international airlines to toe the line on Taiwan  Page 108 of 350Rising Trade Tensions; DOJ Ends ObamaCare Defense; IG Report Concerning the Clinton E-mail Cassette for Time in Release; Trump Talks Tough on Iran; Trump Trade ....  Page 110 of 350WaPo: Chinese government hackers steal massive amounts of data from Navy contractor computers  Page 112 of 350WaPo: Chinese government hackers steal massive amounts of data from Navy contractor computers  Page 114 of 350The Chinese government confirmed that it can access deleted WeChat conversations - and people are terrified  Page 117 of 350Why the US and China settled for a trade truce; Trump's threat of a US-China trade war has abated, but underlying tensions are likely to deepen over China's dri....  Page 119 of 350China: Job Ads Discriminate Against Women  Page 121 of 350With movement on ZTE and Qualcomm, U.S.-China trade war may be cooling  Page 124 of 350Innovation and Ingenuity: Insights from the Harvard College China Forum  Page 126 of 350We now know why Trump suddenly reversed course on sanctions against a Chinese tech giant  Page 129 of 350ASU+GSV Summit Gathers "New Forces" of Chinese Education  Page 132 of 350HIV Treatment Drugs Markets in China 2018-2027  Page 135 of 350ITI to Secretary Mnuchin: Build an International Coalition to Press China to Play by the Rules; Don't Impose Tariffs  Page 138 of 350NEWS RELEASES - ITI TO SECRETARY MNUCHIN: BUILD AN INTERNATIONAL COALITION TO PRESS CHINA TO PLAY BY THE RULES; DON'T IMPOSE TARIFFS  Page 141 of 350China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fish  Page 144 of 350China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fish  Page 147 of 350China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fish  Page 150 of 350China hikes tariffs on US soybeans, electric cars, fish  Page 153 of 350White House slams China's 'Orwellian' demand that 36 foreign airlines change references to Taiwan  Page 155 of 350CHINA BANS ONLINE BIBLE SALES  Page 161 of 350Senate Finance Subcommittee Issues Testimony From Coalition of Services Industries  Page 164 of 350Chinese social network bans Peppa Pig to combat 'negative influence' of foreign ideologies  Page 167 of 350How China's Tech Revolution Threatens Silicon Valley  Page 169 of 350How the U.S.-China trade war could play out  Page 172 of 350US-China trade: 24 hours that escalated the fight  Page 175 of 350US-China trade: 24 hours that escalated the fight  Page 177 of 350Why Are Louisiana Taxpayers Subsidizing America's "Economic Enemy," The People's Republic of China?  Page 179 of 350HOW THE CHINESE MODEL FOR ECONOMIC INNOVATION IS SPURRING INNOVATION  Page 182 of 350Trump seeks additional tariffs on $100 billion of Chinese goods in escalation of trade confrontation  Page 185 of 350The trade fight between the US and China 'will get worse' and Trump could 'hit back harder' if he doesn't get what he wants  Page 187 of 350China censors to prevent collective action, King says  Page 192 of 350House Small Business Committee Issues Testimony From IronNet Cybersecurity  Page 194 of 350EDP: Catarina Martins says that if Chinese advance is &"a particularly dangerous maneuver&"  Page 196 of 350China is holding up a $44 billion US tech deal  Page 198 of 350China is holding up a $44 billion US tech deal  Page 201 of 350Dow futures dive almost 500 points as China plans tariffs on more than 100 US products  Page 203 of 350Chinese online payments giant could be worth $150 billion  Page 205 of 350Chinese online payments giant could be worth $150 billion  Page 207 of 350NEW AMERICA'S DIGICHINA AND HARVARD-MIT AI INITIATIVE PARTNER TO ADVANCE UNDERSTANDING OF CHINA'S AI POLICIES  Page 209 of 350Chinese tourists spend 130 million euros in Portugal in 2017  Page 212 of 350Cultivating the future of cross-border innovation collaboration: VestLink's Xinno (Cross-Innovation) Week leverages the power of Seattle tech hub to make China ....  Page 214 of 350CHINESE AMBASSADOR ATTENDS ESTONIAN ASIA FORUM  Page 217 of 350How Bad Is Facebook's New China Problem?  Page 220 of 350Emboldened China - and its webizens - telling foreign firms to fall in line; China has increased pressure on international companies to use Beijing-approved lan....  Page 222 of 350China PCs and Peripherals Market : Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2022  Page 224 of 350China Semiconductors Market Analysis, Size, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017-2022  Page 227 of 350RUBIO CHAIRS CHINA COMMISSION HEARING ON DIGITAL AUTHORITARIANISM AND THE GLOBAL THREAT TO FREE SPEECH  Page 231 of 350Planting spies, paying people to post on social media, and pretending the news doesn't exist: This is how China tries to distract people from human rights abuse....  Page 234 of 350CHAIRS ASK COMMERCE SECRETARY ROSS ABOUT SALE OF SURVEILLANCE TECHNOLOGY TO CHINESE POLICE  Page 237 of 350A Trade War Isn't a Real War  Page 240 of 350The compromises that companies make to do business in China  Page 243 of 350The compromises that companies make to do business in China  Page 245 of 350China Institute Convenes U.S. and Chinese CEOs to Discuss U.S.-China Relations in the New World Order; Former Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson, Jr., Nobelist....  Page 248 of 350Chinese Investment in Australia Declining: New Report  Page 250 of 350INVNT/IP: US Responds to Nation-sponsored Crown-jewel Intellectual Property Theft; US Announcement of Large-Scale Tariffs in Response to Chinese Crown-Jewel Int....  Page 252 of 350Gridsum Publishes White Paper on Internet Safety in China for Teens and other Minors  Page  of Sen. Warner Issues Statement on New Chinese Tariffs  Page  of SEN. WARNER ON NEW CHINESE TARIFFS  Page  of SEN. WARNER ON NEW CHINESE TARIFFS  Page 267 of 350Trump Plans To Bar China from Investing in U.S. Tech Firms and Block More Tech Exports; Apple Confirms MacBook Pro Embarrassing Keyboard Problems; House Intelli....  Page 269 of 350White House decides against outright limits on Chinese investment  Page 272 of 350Reality Shares Launches First-Ever China Blockchain ETF; BCNA offers exposure to Chinese companies at the forefront of the burgeoning blockchain technology ecos....  Page 275 of 350China Takes Different Approach Than U.S. on Climate Change  Page 278 of 350ZTE is now center stage in the US-China trade fight  Page 281 of 350ZTE is now center stage in the US-China trade fight  Page 293 of 350Joint Economic Committee Issues Testimony From Congressional Research Service  Page 295 of 350CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA, BIG DATA AND CHINA  Page 298 of 350CHINESE ACTIVISTS DETAINED, UNDER SURVEILLANCE ON 'POLITICALLY SENSITIVE' MASSACRE ANNIVERSARY  Page 301 of 350Trump throws ZTE curveball as big week for US-China trade begins  Page 303 of 350Trump throws ZTE curveball as big week for US-China trade begins  Page 305 of 350'You can't make this stuff up': Bernie Sanders, Democrats blast Trump's decision to back down on sanctions against Chinese tech giant  Page 308 of 350The Chinese Market for DNA Sequencing  Page 311 of 350The Chinese Market for DNA Sequencing  Page 314 of 350The Chinese Market for DNA Sequencing  Page 329 of 350Navarro Will Now Join U.S. Delegation Today on China Trade; U.S.- China Trade Talks; Giuliani: No Indictment; Stormy Daniel's Payment; Russell Hits Record High;....  Page 331 of 350Taiwan slams global brands for siding with China  Page 334 of 350Chinese tech investment is next target in Trump's crackdown  Page 337 of 350Chinese tech investment is next target in Trump's crackdown  Page 341 of 350China's long march for the soul of the nation's digital future  Page 343 of 350Taiwan slams global brands for siding with China  Page 345 of 350White House decides against outright limits on Chinese investment  Page 347 of 350FIVE FACTS ON TRADE RELATIONS BETWEEN THE U.S. AND CHINA  Page 350 of 350Chinese Muslims have to pledge loyalty to the Communist Party before they can leave the country for the journey to Mecca  