Date and Time: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 1:38:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142525340Documents (12)1. Huawei claims title as first vendor to pass China’s 5G NSA core network testClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20182. Hong Kong Trade Development Council: Connected Home, Smart LivingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20183. World Manufacturing Convention in Hefei Closes with a Total Value of US$70 Billion in New Investment RaisedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20184. Jim Cramer: Watch Skyworks Stock, It Is the Key to This MarketClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20185. China could use facial recognition to save toilet paperClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20186. PAN-DEMOCRATS EJECTED FROM HONG KONG'S LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL AMID CHECKPOINT DEBATEClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20187. PELOSI ISSUES STATEMENT ON TRUMP TRADE BRINKMANSHIPClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20188. PELOSI STATEMENT ON TRUMP TRADE BRINKMANSHIPClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 20189. What's Next in Making Smart Cities Smarter and Happier?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201810. Know the "app" that allows divorce with just one clickClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201811. Organ-on-Chip Market to reach $163.1 Million by 2025: P&S Market ResearchClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 201812. Unusual and successful: facial recognition to save toilet paper in public toiletsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2018 to Jun 30, 2018

Huawei claims title as first vendor to pass China’s 5G NSA core network test FierceWirelessApril 16, 2018 Monday 9:29 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Questex Media Group LLC All Rights ReservedSection: ARTICLELength: 438 wordsByline: Monica AllevenBodyHuawei says it’s the first vendor to pass China’s 5G Non-Standalone (NSA) core network test, which constitutes an important part of China’s 5G R&D trials for operators that hope to deploy 5G commercial networks early and quickly.The test was part of the third phase of a 5G trial organized by the IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group and was conducted at the Beijing lab of the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT).The test was based on the commercial 5G core network solution released by Huawei at Mobile World Congress 2018. Technologies tested include gateway selection in control and user plane separation architecture, 5G ultra-high bandwidth, dual-connection to LTE and New Radio (NR), independent billing for 5G NR and terminal access management. The key service processes include terminal registration, service requests, mobility management and session management.China’s three leading operators—China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom—were involved in the 5G network test, as well as the network technology workgroup of the CAICT. In the first and second phases of the trial, Huawei’s 5G core network also achieved “outstanding results,” according to Huawei, in verification of key technologies and prototypes such as service-based architecture, network slicing and multiaccess edge computing.As of year-end 2017, Huawei had built 15 pre-commercial 5G core sites around the globe, and it plans to strengthen its cooperation with industry partners in preparation for the 5G era.RELATED: FCC’s pending vote on national security raises more concernsIt’s still not getting any love from the U.S. administration, though. At its next open meeting on Tuesday, the FCC will consider a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) to ensure that universal service support is not used to purchase equipment or services from companies posing a national security threat to the integrity of communications networks or the communications supply chain. Huawei is the company most often pegged as one that could pose security concerns for the U.S. if it’s allowed to supply network equipment or even handsets to Tier 1 U.S. carriers.RELATED: CCA members look for answers amid U.S. crackdown on HuaweiThe NPRM poses new concerns for many Tier 2 and 3 carriers that have looked to Huawei to provide more affordable but still dependable network gear. Some attendees at the Competitive Carriers Association (CCA) convention in Las Vegas last month said they were concerned about the U.S. government singling out the Chinese vendors when a lot of equipment manufacturers around the world get some supplies out of China. Load-Date: April 18, 2018End of Document

Hong Kong Trade Development Council: Connected Home, Smart LivingTargeted News ServiceApril 17, 2018 Tuesday 1:19 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1407 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WANCHAI, Hong Kong BodyThe Hong Kong Trade Development Council issued the following news release:The 15th edition of the Hong Kong Electronics Fair (Spring Edition), Asia's largest event of its kind, was held from 13- 16 April at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC). A series of seminars was organised during the first three days of the fair, as part of the "2018 Tech Trends Symposium", including one focusing on smart homes, held on 14 April.Building the foundation for a revolutionary Smart HomeThe evolution of the Smart Home is among the many Internet of Things (IoT) revolutions, according to David Paterson, Sales Director, Connected Home Division, Intel Corporation, one of the Symposium speakers.But despite its advent five to six years ago, Mr Paterson said the IoT revolution has yet to fully be realised. The foundation for a true Smart Home, he said, remains under construction, with its progress divided into four phases. The most developed stage, connectivity, allows mobile devices to connect with machines such as appliances and lighting through WiFi connections. The second phase is control, which involves using the smartphone, for example, as a smart controller. The third phase is communication, allowing devices to talk to each other by using a single controller for various applications, such as lighting, appliances and entertainment. The main focus of the speaker's presentation was the final phase - intelligence - which he said is now under development.Mr Paterson explained that a truly smart home is (1) responsive, in terms of doing what users want, immediately and accurately; (2) perceptive, by recognising who is giving the command and what the user wants, and (3) autonomous, which allows it to anticipate user needs and act on them.On the subject of industry needs, Mr Paterson said top among them is performance. The broadband network, he said, must be reliable and respond instantaneously. Second, the network must cover the entire home. Third, it must guarantee secure transmission and protection of data, which remains a problem, given the huge amount of data sent to equipment-providers and stored on the cloud. He said that the issue was a major development focus for Intel.He pointed out that the number of connected devices was expected to double in two years, and that growth will require powerful, affordable broadband access, enhanced in-home connectivity and artificial intelligence (AI) in devices at all levels, to filter the huge amount of data generated daily.Artificial Intelligence Used in Different AreasSpeaking on the topic of AI development, Liu Weiwei, Sales Director of Smart Service Division, iFlytek, focused on iFlytek's success in the areas of speech synthesis and translation. Noting the three levels in AI development - computation intelligence, perceptive intelligence, which involves hearing, speaking and seeing; and cognitive intelligence, which involves understanding - Mr Liu said that iFlytek's translation corpus is based on 140 million sentences and can accurately translate within one second. For now, however, the company still has to rely on human translators to work with machines for higher accuracy. Jargon, in particular, remains a problem in speech recognition.China's massive outbound tourism has resulted in fast-growing demand for iFlytek's translation service. In 2016, 122 million mainland tourists travelled abroad, one third of whom can only speak their native language. The iFlytek translation system can translate more than 20 languages. Chinese travellers can also use the company's offline mode when there is no Internet available.In addition, Mr Liu said that iFlytek's smart doctor assistant was the first AI robot to pass the examination medical students take to become licensed doctors in China, noting that the system works considerably faster than human doctors. He said that this could have a lasting impact on the medical field in terms of reducing costs, improving patient outcomes, and helping people in rural areas.In the legal field, the company helps stenographers achieve 97 per cent accuracy. Its robots are currently handling customer-service jobs in insurance companies and banks, and Mr Liu predicted that human bank clerks will eventually be replaced by robots.Helping Businesses Participate in the Smart Home RevolutionAlex Yang, co-founder and COO, Tuya Global Inc, discussed ways businesses can be part of the Smart Home revolution, pointing out that in five years, the smart home industry is expected to become a US$1 trillion market, with 5.28 billion devices estimated to be added annually by 2020. He said Amazon Echo and Google Home had reached 40 million US consumers in only two years, representing more than 10 per cent of the population, compared to the smartphone revolution, which took four to five years to achieve the same level of adoption. "Interest is high," he said. "But how can we connect with this new business?"Mr Yang said that business must first make adoption easy. To achieve this, Tuya created a plug-and-play platform to help manufacturers with no know-how, to develop and market smart home products. A company, he said, can develop a mobile app in one hour and a prototype in one day, and be ready for mass-production in one month. The Tuya platform covers all smart-home categories, including appliances, healthcare, security, entertainment. Tuya develops clients' product and finds a manufacturer for them through its network of more than 10,000 manufacturers in China that works with many OEM and ODM brands. Once the supply chain is ready, the Tuya platform connects with all the best-selling points and is immediately compatible with all devices and products in all languages.AI and big data-enabled, the platform has natural language interaction, uses sensor data for intelligent control, permits continuous self-learning of user habits, and has face and object recognition.Tuya is currently expanding globally, with a target for its cloud service to cover 200 countries and regions in the next two years.How Smart Home Products can Provide Wise LivingVincent Chow, Senior Marketing Manager, Philips Lighting Hong Kong Ltd, discussed the limited functionality of most smart home products. Being able to remotely switch off home lights via smartphones is not as popular in Hong Kong.He remarked that the goal of his team at Philip's was to use interconnected devices to encourage smart living. Initially, his team found that the only consumers buying connected appliances were those who like trying new gadgets. But focus groups have resulted in the development of new uses. For example, a small child who needs to use the toilet at night may not be able to reach the light switch; a remote device solves the problem. Pet lovers may want to turn on the lights to observe their pets remotely. Light-effect notification may be useful for elderly people whose hearing does not allow them to hear a phone or doorbell.Big Data and Small Players in the Internet of VehiclesDr Lawrence Poon, Principal Consultant, Hong Kong Productivity Council, focused on the Internet of Vehicles (IoV). He said that by 2020, it was estimated that 90 per cent of cars would be connected to the Internet, potentially making the IoV industry a Rmb250 billion market, especially since the Chinese mainland government has introduced many new IoV-friendly policies.According to Dr Poon, the IoV involves mainly big data analytics for convenient living, creating an entirely new ecosystem. He said that IoV has room for small players, such as app developers, to enter the supply chain, since automotive engineers are not generally good at software. He said that the industry needs new blood, including start-ups and SMEs that can provide creative solutions that the big automotive companies cannot.Dr Poon mentioned a few examples of how to make the most of IoV technology, including voice and image-recognition sensors that collect information and issue accident and traffic jam alerts.For vehicle manufacturers, the IoV can help with product evaluation, providing enhanced reliability, he said. As an example, he noted that the Tesla car has 7,000 battery cells in a single car, which can be connected remotely to a back-end server to monitor the cells.Contact: Joshua Cheng, (852) 2584 4395, joshua.cp.cheng@hktdc.org; Angela Cheu, (852) 2584 4546, angela.ly.cheu@hktdc.orgCopyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6249370 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: April 18, 2018End of Document

World Manufacturing Convention in Hefei Closes with a Total Value of US$70 Billion in New Investment RaisedPR NewswireMay 31, 2018 Thursday 6:36 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 583 wordsDateline: HEFEI, China, May 31, 2018 BodyThe World Manufacturing Convention ("the Convention"), a major gathering of global leaders in the manufacturing sector, has closed in Hefei, Anhui Province, China after logging more than 430 signed projects with a total value of RMB 447 billion (US$ 70.19 billion) in investment deals.The Convention brought together over 4,000 attendees, including more than 100 executives from Fortune Global 500 companies and about 500 representatives from domestic and international companies in the manufacturing industry. Their interactions at various forums and with vendors have pushed forward many initiatives, with high tech and smart manufacturing being the most prominent. 61 new deals signed are in the fields of integrated circuits, high definition displays, voice recognition, new energy vehicles, and advanced materials, with total investment reaching RMB 88 billion (US$ 13.81 billion). Other areas of investment include projects and products in the areas of smart chips, microelectronic RRAM, the Internet of Things, and more."The Convention has been a smashing success," said Zheng Jianbang, Vice Chairperson of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC). "The number of deals closed, and the resulting investment, affirms the strength of the local manufacturing sector. This Convention takes place at a critical moment. We can see an emerging wave of technological revolution, where the next-generation telecommunication technology is merging with advanced manufacturing, and forums like this are vital to ensuring that world-leading companies can connect with suppliers who are on the leading edge of these changes."At the Convention, Christian Wulff, Global Chairman of the Global Alliance of SMEs (GASME) and former President of Germany, outlined the "Hefei World Manufacturing Convention Manifesto" ("the Manifesto"), which stresses the importance of innovation in the industry, encourages the development of more environmentally-friendly technologies, and calls for multilateral trade and more integrated cooperation across jurisdictions.To foster deeper international cooperation, during the Convention the organizing committee held a matchmaking event, which led to over 430 signed projects in sectors such as digital information, home electronics, new materials and new energy, equipment manufacturing, automobiles, and biomedical engineering, among others. Also, the Convention featured 19 forums and panel discussions to explore the future development of the industry in areas such as smart manufacturing, artificial intelligence, integrated circuit, smart homes, and more.To learn more about the Convention, visit:http://wmconvention.org/enAbout World Manufacturing ConventionLaunched by the Global Alliance of SMEs (GASME), the 2018 World Manufacturing Convention is an international platform for discussions on current and future trends of the global manufacturing industry. Co-hosted by GASME, the United Nations Industrial Development Organization, the Anhui Provincial Government, and the Chinese People's Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries, the Convention aims to shape the future of manufacturing, and encourage the integration of local businesses into global industrial chains. View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/world-manufacturing-convention-in-hefei-closes-with-a-total-value-of-us70-billion-in-new-investment-raised-300657226.htmlSOURCE World Manufacturing Convention Committee official websiteCONTACT: Erin Dong, +86-21-8017-9557, Erin.dong@prnasia.comLoad-Date: June 1, 2018End of Document

Jim Cramer: Watch Skyworks Stock, It Is the Key to This MarketRealMoneyMay 4, 2018 Friday 7:01 PM EDTCopyright 2018 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 566 wordsByline: Jim CramerHighlight: If the shares rally it means there can be a semi that isn't brought low by Apple and the Chinese trade talks.BodyNo pull whatsoever. That's how I feel about the Apple  quarter. It was almost as if the situation got zero sum: the suppliers lost and Apple won. But because there is so much secrecy around who Apple buys from, it is almost impossible to figure out whether someone just lost orders, or built inventory badly, or just was only part of a pastiche that Apple uses.Which is why today you have to watch Skyworks Solutions  because the CEO, Liam Griffin, knows how to play the game. Listen to this quote from Kris Sennesael, the CFO, his first after a way better than expected quarter, top and bottom: "Strong growth in our broad market portfolio is mitigating the near-term softness at leading smartphone customers (read that as Apple) and the trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. government on a Chinese OEM."Then to soothe the forecast he goes on and says, "Further based on new program ramps heading into the second half of the calendar year, we anticipate a resumption of sequential growth in the September quarter with sustained momentum into the December period."OK, let's unpack that. Apple had bought enough from them to be able to make all the devices they needed but not enough to make it so the company could beat their numbers. However, they have other Internet of Things businesses that can offset that weakness and when Apple has to re-order they will be ready and they can blow out the fourth quarter if you just wait.Now Skyworks is the only company that has so much Apple business that was still able to deliver. And it sources heavily in China so I am sure the hope is that it will not be targeted by the trade talks.In other words, it's just about the perfect case to see today what people think about tech, specifically the strength of tech because so far it's been a real nightmare for the semis: Intel  reverses after a blowout, Micron  gets hammered after an amazing quarter, Broadcom  basically preannounces and it goes down, Cirrus Logic  gives up the ghost and can't rally, just to name a few of the Apple hostages.So, the stock to watch, the key to this market is Skyworks: If the stock moves up it means there can be a semi that isn't brought low by Apple and the Chinese trade talks -- either or both.If Skyworks rallies and keeps the rally going it is a powerful signal that tech's OK.If it isn't then we are going to have a very long day.Join Jim Cramer May 5th for TheStreet's Boot Camp for InvestorsMeet Jim Cramer and more than a dozen top market experts on Saturday, May 5, in New York for How to Diversity Your Portfolio: A Boot Camp for Investors.Highlights include:An exclusive market update from Jim. A keynote interview between Jim and PayPal CEO Dan Schulman. Break-out panels with top market experts like Tony Dwyer, chief market strategist at Canaccord Genuity; Mike Hanson, senior vice president of research at Fisher Investments; and Peter Hug, global trading director with Kitco Metals. Roundtable discussions with TheStreet's Carley Garner, Stephen "Sarge" Guilfoyle, Bob Lang and other columnists. All attendees will also receive a free one-year subscription to our newest premium Web site,  (a $99 value).Where: The Convene Center, 117 W. 46th St., Manhattan, New YorkWhen: Saturday, May 5, 8:55 a.m.-2:45 p.m.Special price for Real Money and Real Money Pro subscribers: $149. Includes a free one-year subscription to Retirement Daily (a $99 value)Get  .Load-Date: May 5, 2018End of Document

China could use facial recognition to save toilet paperCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 8, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 314 wordsBody Artificial intelligence is reaching the most unusual places in China, also to public bathrooms, where facial recognition machines distribute toilet paper to users to encourage savings. Since two months ago, a facial recognition machine is being used in a public bathroom in the Jing & # 8217; an district of the city of Shanghai and, according to the local daily Shine, it is being successfully managed to reduce the waste of toilet paper . "The facial scanning machine can save about 70% of toilet paper ," said Li Bei, an employee of the machine supplier company, Shoulian Science and Technology Co.  After scanning the user's face, the machine distributes the paper. For & # 8220; most people & # 8221 ;, adds Li, & # 8220; the 80-centimeter paper should be enough & # 8221 ;.  However, if toilet users need more paper, they can request it from the cleaning staff, who do not charge for the extra roll, but the facial scanning machine can not be used again for nine minutes.  & # 8220; We are considering making some adjustments because the facial recognition area, which is 1.8 meters high, which is not suitable for children and even for some elderly people & # 8221; said Li.  About 1,500 people daily use this toilet on average, which has sensors installed to monitor the smell and the number of visitors. After the success observed in these two months of testing, the company plans to expand this technology to other areas of the city. In other cities such as the capital Beijing already operate similar systems in tourist places such as the popular La Perla market.  China launched in 2015 the "revolution of the toilets", a government plan of the Chinese president, Xi Jinping, to improve public toilets to boost domestic tourism and improve the quality of life of citizens.  The China entry could use facial recognition to save toilet paper was first published in La Tercera. Load-Date: June 8, 2018End of Document

PAN-DEMOCRATS EJECTED FROM HONG KONG'S LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL AMID CHECKPOINT DEBATEStates News ServiceJune 13, 2018 WednesdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 713 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:Authorities in Hong Kong removed five pro-democracy lawmakers from the city's Legislative Council (LegCo) as a heated debate involving mainland Chinese control of a high-speed rail checkpoint turned into impromptu protests.Democratic Party LegCo members Lam Cheuk-ting and Andrew Wan were removed initially, followed by Roy Kwong, who had stood on a desk to protest decision on a point of order raised by the pan-democratic camp, but who was ignored by LegCo president Andrew Leung.Pan-democrats Ted Hui and recently elected Democratic Party member Au Nok-hin were also removed as protests continued in the LegCo chamber.Leung, whose role is similar to that of parliamentary speaker, defended his actions, saying he was acting according to the powers given to him."I don't have to answer questions accusing me of abuse of power, because my power is borne out of the Basic Law," Leung said, according to the Twitter account of Damon Pang, a reporter for government broadcaster RTHK."LegCo rules are there to fortify my power, but not to take away the constitutional power I have."Pang also tweeted that the police had been called to "investigate" the refusal of some lawmakers to leave the chamber with security guards.The bill's second reading passed on Wednesday by 41 votes to 20, with one abstention.A recent rule change left the pan-democrats, who lost six seats following a high-profile and controversial intervention by China's National People's Congress (NPC) standing committee over their oaths of allegiance, with very few options for delaying the passage of unpopular legislation.China has also decreed that part of a high-speed railway station linking the former British colony of Hong Kong to its national high-speed rail network will be subject to its laws, sparking a public outcry.Critics say the ruling ignores Hong Kong's status as a separate immigration, policing, and customs jurisdiction, enshrined in the terms of its 1997 handover to China, and in its mini-constitution, the Basic Law.The city's Bar Association (HKBA) has hit out at the arrangement, saying it constitutes an irreparable breach of the Basic Law. The city's lawyers say the Hong Kong immigration department, not the mainland Chinese border police, should be in charge of entry and exit control checks for passengers entering and leaving the city, citing Article 154(2) of the Basic Law.Chinese and Hong Kong government officials say the arrangement will streamline the immigration process, however.'The new normal'Political commentator To Yiu-ming said the Hong Kong government has been supine in the face of ever-encroaching demands from the ruling Chinese Communist Party."There is nothing the Hong Kong government will refuse the mainland authorities," To wrote in a recent commentary broadcast on RFA's Cantonese Service. "This has become the new normal for relations between Hong Kong and Beijing.""The Hong Kong Bar Association said that the high-speed rail joint-inspection proposal violated the Basic Law, but the government didn't even choose to reply," To said.He hit out at the government's attitude to Beijing as "a betrayal of Hong Kong people's interests," citing the refusal of chief executive Carrie Lam's administration to criticize Beijing for violent attacks on Hong Kong journalists working in mainland China.To also cited Lam's failure to condemn a public smear campaign directed by pro-China media at Hong Kong University law professor Benny Tai, after he made some hypothetical comments about independence for the city at an academic symposium in Taiwan."Even if a person's remarks don't conform with the ruling party's thinking, or even if they are politically inaccurate, they fall within the scope of freedom of speech, and as such are protected by law," To said. "And yet the Hong Kong government spoke critically [of Tai]."He said Beijing had been planning to take firm control of Hong Kong since half a million people took to the streets to protest attempts to pass laws penalizing subversion and sedition in 2003."Lam's administration ... apparently can't wait to sacrifice the interests of the people of Hong Kong," To said.Reported by RFA's Cantonese Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: June 13, 2018End of Document

PELOSI ISSUES STATEMENT ON TRUMP TRADE BRINKMANSHIPUS Fed NewsMay 29, 2018 Tuesday 8:07 PM  ESTCopyright 2018 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 278 wordsBodySan Francisco, May 29 -- House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi issued the following news release:Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi issued this statement after President Trump announced his plans to punish China for its unfair trade practices with World Trade Organization litigation and major tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese goods:"President Trump campaigned on a promise to confront China's unfair trade practices, but his continued chaotic trade brinkmanship threatens to invite retaliation that harms American workers and farmers, and the American economy. Last week, the President revealed the utter hollowness of his promises by pledging American government resources to a Chinese company that has violated U.S. sanctions by selling technology to North Korea and Iran, and that is a known cyber security risk to the United States."Strong, smart and strategic action not reckless and rash floundering is needed to confront China's brazen trade cheating. Beijing's regulatory barriers, localization requirements, labor abuses, theft of trade secrets and counterfeiting of designs, anti-competitive 'Made in China 2025' policy and many other unfair trade practices threaten America's ability to compete both in China and with China around the world."While the President sells out American workers, Democrats are offering A Better Deal, with Better Jobs, Better Wages and a Better Future for all. We must work multilaterally and in concert with our allies for a full and comprehensive approach to China's abusive trade practices." For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at content.services@htlive.comLoad-Date: June 1, 2018End of Document

PELOSI STATEMENT ON TRUMP TRADE BRINKMANSHIPStates News ServiceMay 29, 2018 TuesdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 255 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi:Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi issued this statement after President Trump announced his plans to punish China for its unfair trade practices with World Trade Organization litigation and major tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese goods:"President Trump campaigned on a promise to confront China's unfair trade practices, but his continued chaotic trade brinkmanship threatens to invite retaliation that harms American workers and farmers, and the American economy. Last week, the President revealed the utter hollowness of his promises by pledging American government resources to a Chinese company that has violated U.S. sanctions by selling technology to North Korea and Iran, and that is a known cyber security risk to the United States."Strong, smart and strategic action not reckless and rash floundering is needed to confront China's brazen trade cheating. Beijing's regulatory barriers, localization requirements, labor abuses, theft of trade secrets and counterfeiting of designs, anti-competitive 'Made in China 2025' policy and many other unfair trade practices threaten America's ability to compete both in China and with China around the world."While the President sells out American workers, Democrats are offering A Better Deal, with Better Jobs, Better Wages and a Better Future for all. We must work multilaterally and in concert with our allies for a full and comprehensive approach to China's abusive trade practices."Load-Date: May 30, 2018End of Document

What's Next in Making Smart Cities Smarter and Happier?Targeted News ServiceApril 18, 2018 Wednesday 7:44 AM  ESTCopyright 2018 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1194 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WANCHAI, Hong Kong BodyThe Hong Kong Trade Development Council issued the following news release:How will smart cities become even smarter? The answer lies not in simply integrating advanced technology, such as artificial intelligence and cloud computing, but in making the system work for individual societies. This was the key message at the 16 April seminar "Next-Generation Smart City Solutions," organised by the Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC) during the 15th edition of the HKTDC International ICT Expo at the Hong Kong Convention & Exhibition Centre (HKCEC). Three prominent experts from leading US, Japanese and Chinese tech companies explored where smart city technologies are headed.Moderator Emil Chan, from the Smart City Consortium, which assists the Hong Kong SAR Government in developing Hong Kong as the region's leading smart city, set the tone by proposing that "making cities both smarter and happier" is the ultimate goal. Beyond the technological vision, the aim is also to educate by "making smarter people and changing the general mindset."Empowering cities with 'Microsoft CityNext Solutions'Continuing the theme, Hong Kong ICT industry veteran Fred Sheu, National Technology Officer at Microsoft Hong Kong Ltd, explained how the US tech giant's CityNext Solutions is empowering cities to be "more sustainable, prosperous and inclusive."CityNext connects civic systems and services with world-class technology through safe and secure cloud computing that makes smart city solutions "more affordable and economically viable than ever before," he said.Microsoft recently signed a memorandum of understanding to promote and help Hong Kong's Smart City vision "move forward into the future" under six key areas: smart mobility, smart living, smart environment, smart people, smart government and smart economy.With a growing list of around 70 initiatives underway, Mr Sheu said "smart lamp posts" are not far off, with HK$20 million earmarked to explore how the lamp posts can incorporate 5G and audio-video surveillance.Parking management solutions will also simplify parking, with sensors notifying drivers of available spaces via digital sensors and apps, and electronic payment through the same vehicle devices. "Motorists can even book parking space online in advance, saving a lot of time driving around looking for somewhere to park," he said.Intelligent care for the elderly is also becoming a reality - "especially beneficial in Hong Kong, where a lot of elderly people prefer to live at home." Motion and environmental sensors monitor movement and conditions at home, raising the alarm in emergencies. Cloud-based health information management systems are already making health records more readily accessible to doctors and clinics.But Mr Sheu is convinced that "education is the real key" to the future of smart cities, and urged more training on the technology - not only at universities, but also at high schools, equipping the younger generation for a very different future.Among Microsoft's own educational initiatives is its AI School (aischool.microsoft.com), a free programme explaining next-generation solutions that "extend software beyond the app...to learn how to be an expert supporting Hong Kong's smart city development."NEC's Artificial Intelligence for Smart CitiesGary Tai, Business Director, NEC Hong Kong, introduced the Japanese multinational's initiatives in smart city technologies, along with their accompanying social obligations. Best-known in Hong Kong as a market leader in smart TVs, NEC also leads the market globally in artificial intelligence (AI) solutions, and is "on a mission as a social value creation company contributing to the future of societies," he said. "In the face of serious social issues worldwide, we want to make life easier and more efficient for everyone."In earthquake-prone Japan, for example, casualty rates are lowest on train networks equipped with NEC sensors that detect tremors, raising instant alerts. Partnering with governments around the world, the company has developed technology such as CCTV camera systems that not only observe streets, but also detect inconsistent and unusual behaviour, such as walking back and forth, or loitering beside cars. In the crime-plagued Argentine city of Tigre, which suffered a tourism slump as a result of its reputation, NEC's intervention reduced car thefts by 80 per cent in five years.In Singapore, "smell sensors" identify offensive street stalls in the tourist centre of Orchard Road, "keeping a decent area decent." In Hong Kong, two out of the three main bus companies use NEC technology that improves safety and eases congestion, while improving absenteeism rates. "Our technology can even establish the attention level of drivers," he said.Empowerment of cities also extends to Santander City in Barcelona, with "smart waste collection" reducing vehicle emissions, improving traffic flow and cutting operating costs by 15 per cent, by efficiently monitoring waste volumes and adjusting collection intervals accordingly. "We look forward to working with more utility companies, authorities and governments in the future," said Mr Tai.ZTE Exporting China 'Smart City Vision and Concepts' GloballyMeanwhile, Renchu Bai, Marketing Director of Government & Enterprise Department from Chinese multinational telecommunications and systems giant ZTE, explained the thinking behind the company's 'Smart City Vision and Concepts'.He noted that ZTE's solutions for improving public services extended across 160 cities in 45 countries powered by 40 big data centres worldwide.Projects "making public services more efficient" range from education and pollution to traffic control and public safety - extending to India, Bangladesh and Indonesia in Asia, Brazil, Uruguay and Argentina in South America, Ethiopia and Egypt in Africa, and Germany, France, Hungary, Romania and Holland in Europe."Smart city development should be looked at from three perspectives," he said, with the software and hardware of the latest IT and communications technology - such as 5G, IoT, AI and blockchain, integrated through cloud connectivity and big data - serving as a means to an end."You can't build smart cities in a day," he said. "You need to take it step by step, ultimately integrating everyone in the smart city ecosystem. Most of the technology is already there; the challenge is finding a way to use it, and a business model that makes it become a reality."The Smart City Seminar Series, held during the HKTDC Hong Kong International ICT Expo 2018, featured industry experts exploring such topics as Internet security, Fintech, developing smart business through IoT applications, as well as how disruptive technology is driving smart city development, smart mobility and logistics, smart home trends and electronic ID.See table here (http://mediaroom.hktdc.com/en/pressrelease/detail/19736/What%E2%80%99s%20Next%20in%20Making%20Smart%20Cities%20Smarter%20and%20Happier%2526).Contact: Joshua Cheng, (852) 2584 4395, joshua.cp.cheng@hktdc.org; Angela Cheu, (852) 2584 4546, angela.ly.cheu@hktdc.orgCopyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6252648 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: April 19, 2018End of Document

Know the "app" that allows divorce with just one clickCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 5, 2018 TuesdayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 322 wordsBody Cell phones and their applications have taken an important part in the lives of people around the world, but in China the "app" WeChat reached levels that leave the imagination to the girl.  In our corner of the world, occupying WhatsApp to connect us is something we do constantly, and the simile of this for the Chinese would become WeChat. Technology, in this case, reached unsuspected levels: to be able to notify your partner that you want to divorce.  As simple as that, if someone wants to separate from their partner, all they have to do is to apply for a subpoena to sign the papers to their nearest office. So short and practical.  Now, according to the Xinhuanet News, this function is currently only in the Guangdong region. Also to get married But this is not the only option that the "app" has, because for the lovers it has also developed an alternative, and in the same way that it helps them to separate, their users can manage to make an appointment with the Chinese civil registry to contract marriage.  These days we are seeing how to expand these services throughout China, since taking into account the number of people living in the Asian country the logistics have been somewhat complicated.  As for the rest of the world, the application, which is both for iOS and Android, has not shown or in case to expand these features to our continent.  This is a sign of the power that "apps" have taken within our lives. It is a matter of seeing everything that has happened with Facebook and its scandal with Cambridge Analytica, and the filtering of data from more than 80 million users around the world.  It should be remembered that WeChat became the great application for communication of the Chinese people, after his government banned other types of applications similar to this, such as the popular WhatsApp.  The entry Know the "app" that allows divorce with a single click appears first on www.lacuarta.com. Load-Date: June 5, 2018End of Document

Organ-on-Chip Market to reach $163.1 Million by 2025: P&S Market ResearchGlobeNewswireMay 3, 2018 Thursday 12:38 AM PTCopyright 2018 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MARKET RESEARCH REPORTSLength: 996 wordsBodyNEW YORK, May  03, 2018  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- According to the market research report published by P&S Market Research, global organ-on-chip market size is forecasted to reach $163.1 million by 2025, the growth in the market will be led by the rising need for effective drug discovery and development, increasing demand for alternatives for animal models in research, increasing drug repurposing approaches, and government grants and funds for research.The organ-on-chip market has been categorized into product and services, on the basis of offering by the market players. The products are expected to register faster growth in demand, registering a CAGR of 43.8% during the forecast period, due to the advancement in research leading to arrangement of newer organs cells on chips.Request to get the sample pages: https://psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/organ-on-chip-market/report-sampleIn terms of type, the organ-on-chip market has been categorized as liver-on-chip, lung-on-chip, kidney-on-chip, heart-on-chip, intestine-on-chip, brain-on-chip, and others. Among these, liver-on-chip held the largest share in the global organ-on-chip market, in 2017. The increasing prevalence of chronic liver diseases, and advancement in research for its therapeutic intervention are the key factors for the largest share of the category.Organ-on-chip products find application in toxicology research, physiological model development, and drug discovery. The application of organ-on-chip for drug discovery is projected to witness fastest growth in demand, registering CAGR of 47.7% during the forecast period. On the basis of end user, the adoption of organ-on-chip by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies is higher as compared to academic & research institutes, and other end users since a majority of grants and investments for research and development are received by these companies.The organ-on-chip market in APAC is expected to witness a significant growth during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to factors such as increasing healthcare expenditure, rising government initiatives and funding for healthcare R&D, and increase in the adoption of advanced technologies in the region.There are many ongoing research to determine the potential of organ-on-chip as a new platform for biological analysis, funded by government organisations such as Chinese Academy of Sciences, and the National Key Scientific Instrument and Equipment Development Project, China. These factors will drive the growth of the APAC organ-on-Chip market in the future.Browse report overview with 40 tables and 41 figures spread through 111 pages and detailed TOC on "Organ-on-Chip Market by Offering (Services, Products), by Type (Liver-on-Chip, Lung-on-Chip, Kidney-on-Chip, Heart-on-Chip, Intestine-on-Chip, Brain-on-Chip), by Application (Toxicology Research, Physiological Model Development, Drug Discovery), by End User (Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies, Academic & Research Institutes), by Geography (U.S., Canada, Germany, U.K., France, China, Japan)    Global Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast, 2016  2025" at:https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/organ-on-chip-marketThe players in organ-on-chip market are launching new and innovative products to enhance their product portfolio. For instance, in July 2017, Hmrel Corporation, launched HuRELviral application. The Hµrelviral microliver testing platform sustains hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in actual human liver cells for over thirty days. This is expected to equip virologists with unprecedented insight into a drug candidate's potential to cure chronic HBV.Some of the other key players operating in the organ-on-chip industry include Emulate Inc., Mimetas B.V., TissUse GmbH, Kirkstall Ltd., CN Bio Innovations Ltd, Ascendance Biotechnology, Inc., Nortis, Inc., and Organovo Holdings, Inc.More Latest Reports by P&S Market ResearchProtein Expression MarketAccording to the study, the global protein expression market is likely to grow from $1.4 billion in 2016 to $3.0 billion by 2023. Major key players in the market are developing products with technically advanced features that are designed to produce high protein yield, maintaining a balance of speed and scalability, thereby enhancing its application in the drug development workflow.https://psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/protein-expression-marketPharmaceutical Filtration MarketGeographically, North America has been the largest market for pharmaceutical filtration, with the U.S. being the larger contributor to the regional market, compared to Canada. Increasing prevalence of lifestyle associated and chronic diseases, rising geriatric population and increasing production of biopharmaceuticals are the factors that have been driving the growth of the North American market for pharmaceutical filtration.https://psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/pharmaceutical-filtration-marketAbout P&S Market ResearchP&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research-based consulting services across different industry/business verticals.As one of the top growing market research agency, we're keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions.Contact:  P&S Market ResearchToll-free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada)Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.comWeb: https://www.psmarketresearch.comConnect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter | Google + | FacebookLoad-Date: May 4, 2018End of Document

Unusual and successful: facial recognition to save toilet paper in public toiletsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 8, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 303 wordsBody Artificial intelligence is reaching the most unusual sites in China, as well as public baths, where facial recognition machines distribute toilet paper to users to encourage savings. & nbsp;  For two months, a facial recognition machine has been in place; Using it in a public bathroom in the Jing \ an district of the city of Shanghai, and according to the local daily Shine, is now being published. succeeding in reducing the waste of toilet paper. & nbsp;  "The facial scanning machine can save around 70% of toilet paper," he says. Li Bei, an employee of the company supplier of the machine, Shoulian Science and Technology Co. & nbsp;  After scanning the user's face, the machine distributes the paper. For "the majority of people," Li adds, "the 80-cent paper should be enough." & Nbsp;  However, if toilet users need more paper, they can request it from the cleaning staff, who do not charge for the extra roll, but the face-scanning machine can not be used again for nine minutes. & Nbsp;  "We are considering making some adjustments because the facial recognition area, which is 1.8 meters high, is not suitable for children and even for some elderly people," Li said. & Nbsp;  Around 1,500 people daily use this toilet on average, which has sensors installed to monitor the smell and the number of visitors. & Nbsp;  After the success observed in these two months of testing, the company plans to extend this technology to other areas of the city. & Nbsp;  In other cities such as the capital, Beijing, similar systems are already operating in tourist places such as the popular La Perla market. & Nbsp;  China launches in 2015 the "revolution of the toilets", a government plan of the Chinese president, Xi Jinping, to improve public baths to boost domestic tourism and improve the quality of life of citizens. Load-Date: June 8, 2018End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 5 of 28Huawei claims title as first vendor to pass China’s 5G NSA core network test   Page 8 of 28Hong Kong Trade Development Council: Connected Home, Smart Living  Page 10 of 28World Manufacturing Convention in Hefei Closes with a Total Value of US$70 Billion in New Investment Raised  Page 12 of 28Jim Cramer: Watch Skyworks Stock, It Is the Key to This Market  Page 14 of 28China could use facial recognition to save toilet paper  Page 16 of 28PAN-DEMOCRATS EJECTED FROM HONG KONG'S LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL AMID CHECKPOINT DEBATE  Page  of PELOSI ISSUES STATEMENT ON TRUMP TRADE BRINKMANSHIP  Page  of PELOSI STATEMENT ON TRUMP TRADE BRINKMANSHIP  Page 21 of 28What's Next in Making Smart Cities Smarter and Happier?  Page 23 of 28Know the "app" that allows divorce with just one click  Page 26 of 28Organ-on-Chip Market to reach $163.1 Million by 2025: P&S Market Research  Page 28 of 28Unusual and successful: facial recognition to save toilet paper in public toilets  