Date and Time: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 1:52:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142525708Documents (36)1. World's First Global Blockchain Bond Raises USD $110 Million;FinancialBuzz.com News CommentaryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 20182. Daqo New Energy Announces Updates to Second Quarter 2018 Sales Guidance and Reiterates Full Year 2018 GuidanceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 20183. Trina Solar Chairman Jifan Gao elaborates on the PV maker's continued steady growth in 2018Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 20184. Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of IndustriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 20185. Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of IndustriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 20186. Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of IndustriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 20187. Origin Agritech Takes Step Closer to Commercialization of Corn Seed GMO TechnologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 20188. Reports: Alibaba e-commerce co-founder Jack Ma to retireClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 20189. Risen Energy moves focus of new business development from mature to emerging marketsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201810. ZK International Develops Intelligent Piping System - A Smart Pipe Revolutionizing the IndustryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201811. Google Rises Slightly Despite Senate ScrutinyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201812. iBlockchain Summit 2018 to Feature International Selection of Blockchain Industry Leaders, Market Potential in Asia;More than 60 exhibitors, 30 speakers from over 40 countries, and 4,000 attendees are expected at this immersive two-day blockchain eventClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201813. Avivagen Chairman and CEO Kym Anthony, Joins Everett Jolly Uptick Newswire's "Stock Day" PodcastClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201814. Corporate profits cheer Wall Street but trade tensions trap gainsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201815. Corporate profits cheer Wall Street but trade tensions trap gainsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201816. Free Technical Briefing on Application Software Stocks -- Xunlei, Tableau Software, KeyW Holding, and SplunkClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201817. Investment Bridge Announces Investment Opinion: Bridge Report on Ferrotec Holdings Corporation Issued: Fiscal Year March 2018 Earnings ResultsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201818. Sector Update: TechClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201819. Xunlei and Onething Technologies' ThunderChain Recognized as Outstanding Entrepreneurship and Innovation Project by Xinhua NetClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201820. DAILY ADVANCE: ECSU PROFS DISCUSS MOBILE APPS, TURKEY, PERSIAN NEW YEARClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201821. PPDAI GROUP INC. INVESTOR ALERT: Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed on behalf of investors in PPDAI Group Inc. in the New York Supreme Court, New York CountyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201822. The Worldwide Motherboard Industry (Q2 2018) - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201823. Wall Street with timid gains after warm labor dataClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201824. Wuhan "Bespoke Time" Activity Helps a Dominican Fan Realize His Dream of Traveling in WuhanClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201825. Trump concerned about the expansionism of China in Latin America: News of the DayClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201826. Hainan Partners with Xiaozhu.com to Boost Rural Tourism via Home SharingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201827. DEPARTMENT OF STATE: PRESS BRIEFING - SEPTEMBER 13, 2018Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201828. UK cracks down on foreign investment to protect national securityClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201829. UK cracks down on foreign investment to protect national securityClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201830. Australia prevents Huawei from participating in telecommunications marketClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201831. Australia bans Huawei from participating in equipment supply for its 5G networkClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201832. Asian Shares Drift Lower On Tariff WorriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201833. Asian Shares Drift Lower On Tariff WorriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201834. Global LED Chip And Module Market Size, Share, Forecast and Opportunity 2018 2025Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201835. LEVELING UP IN CYBERSECURITYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 201836. XMBC Connects Supply Chain Finance and BlockchainClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2018 to Sep 30, 2018

World's First Global Blockchain Bond Raises USD $110 Million; FinancialBuzz.com News CommentaryPR NewswireAugust 27, 2018 Monday 9:00 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 2260 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, August 27, 2018 BodyAccording to a report published by Netscribes Inc., the blockchain market is projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 42.8% and reach USD 13.96 Billion by 2022. The blockchain technology has been increasingly used in the financial sector, healthcare sector, supply chain management, energy, media, retail and informatics. The Banking Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) segment dominates the market as the blockchain technology help secure payments, maintain customer identities and settle cross-border payments. The North American region held the largest shares in the blockchain market and is expected to dominate the market during the forecast years. Victory Square Technologies Inc. (OTC: VSQTF), Seven Stars Cloud Inc. (NASDAQ: SSC), HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd. (OTC: HVBTF), Overstock.com Inc. (NASDAQ: OSTK), Appian Corporation (NASDAQ: APPN)Recently, the World Bank announced that bond-i, the world's first global blockchain bond, raised USD 110 Million. Arunma Oteh, World Bank Treasurer, said: "I am delighted that this pioneer bond transaction using the distributed ledger technology, bond-i, was extremely well received by investors. We are particularly impressed with the breadth of interest from official institutions, fund managers, government institutions, and banks. We were no doubt successful in moving from concept to reality because these high-quality investors understood the value of leveraging technology for innovation in capital markets."Victory Square Technologies Inc. (OTCQX: VSQTF) also listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange under the ticker (CSE: VST). Earlier last week, the Company announced, "A dynamic new technology and promotional partnership between its portfolio company FansUnite Entertainment Inc. ("FansUnite") and the Leicester City Football Club, the 2016 English Premier League Champions.The partnership will introduce the FansUnite brand to Leicester City FC supporters through targeted promotions and co-branded activations both in and outside the stadium.""Leicester City FC is a truly special story and a premier global sports brand," said FansUnite CEO, Darius Eghdami. "Not only are The Foxes one of just six clubs to hoist the Premier League Trophy since its inception in 1992, they are at the forefront of innovation, incorporating new technology to help improve player performance and fan engagement."Eghdami added: 'Partnering with a globally-recognized brand such as Leicester City that shares our commitment to improving conditions for sports fans through the application of new technology was a natural fit and a win-win for both companies.'FansUnite (http://www.fansunite.com), a blockchain protocol on target to disrupt and revolutionize the sports betting and sports data markets, is pioneering a tamper-proof and transparent global store for sports data. The FansUnite model will have far-reaching implications in a world that is increasingly conscious of data rights and sports integrity. Sports betting, daily fantasy and betting exchanges will be built atop the FansUnite Protocol."FansUnite has set their sights on powerfully transforming the entire sports betting and sports data marketplaces with their proprietary blockchain protocol and we couldn't be happier to welcome Leicester City to the Victory Square family," said Shafin Diamond Tejani, CEO of Victory Square. "The global reach and influence of The Foxes will expose FansUnite to millions of sports fans around the world. It serves as a great validation of their continued growth and success."The FansUnite sports betting protocol will launch before the end of 2018. It will allow operators and government-run wagering sites around the world to offer bettors lower fees and increased payback percentages directly to the waging public."We take the saying 'Better for Bettors' seriously," said FansUnite CEO Eghdami. "FansUnite truly is 'Better for Bettors.'"In addition to the sportsbook offering, the FansUnite Protocol serves as the blockchain-based infrastructure for sports data applications, daily fantasy sports and a variety of other applications reliant on receiving secured sports data. Following their Series A financing of CAD 4.45 Million, FansUnite has been developing the protocol in preparation for their regulatory-compliant token launch later this calendar year."Seven Stars Cloud Inc.(NASDAQ: SSC) is a global fintech and asset digitization services company focused on digital asset production and distribution. Recently, the Company announced a ground-breaking, three-year, exclusive USD 24 Billion deal with National Transportation Capacity Co Ltd (NTS) to issue fixed income lease financing-based products, through a global strategic alliance network which operates in a regulatory compliant manner, for large-scale electric bus upgrades, as part of the Chinese government's regulations for all buses to be replaced with electric buses by 2021 (within the next three years). The deal includes lease financing-based fixed income products, through SSC's blockchain ecosystem, to support large-scale upgrading of electric buses within China.HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd.(OTC: HVBTF) is a growth-oriented, TSX.V-listed company building a bridge from the blockchain sector to traditional capital markets. HIVE is strategically partnered with Genesis Mining Ltd. to build the next generation of blockchain infrastructure. Recently, the Company announced it will launch 200 Petahashes of cloud-based SHA-256 mining power in September 2018. The Cloud Mining is an amendment to the terms of HIVE's previous December 2017 agreement with Genesis Mining Ltd. to add 200 PHs of SHA-256 capacity in Sweden. Under the revised agreement, 200 PHs will be provided pursuant to a cloud hosting arrangement until delivery of the mining rigs occurs within the next twelve months. The amendment allows for lower operating costs than was previously expected of taking delivery of the miners in Sweden and gives HIVE flexibility to install the future delivery of the mining rigs in an advantageous region, which is anticipated to be in a facility in North America. As previously announced, production is expected to commence on September 30th, 2018.Overstock.com Inc.(NASDAQ: OSTK) earlier this month announced that its blockchain-meets-property rights subsidiary, Medici Land Governance, has signed an agreement with the World Bank to support the design, implementation, and evaluation of pilot programs that will create systems to ensure secure land tenure. Recent advances in technology, including increased mobile internet penetration and distributed ledger technology, can secure property rights at scale in ways unimaginable even a decade ago. To unleash this potential, Medici Land Governance will collaborate with the World Bank to conduct national-level pilots that will address both regulatory and technological innovation. The World Bank will also oversee careful evaluation of the pilots to assess their social and economic impacts. Medici Land Governance (MLG) was founded in 2018 and is the 14th portfolio company incubated by Overstock's blockchain technology accelerator Medici Ventures. MLG's mission is to help individuals around the world connect with the global economy by using blockchain and other technologies to help record rightful ownership of property.Appian Corporation(NASDAQ: APPN) provides a leading low-code software development platform that enables organizations to rapidly develop powerful and unique applications. The applications created on Appian's platform help companies drive digital transformation and competitive differentiation. Recently, Luxoft Holding Inc., a global IT service provider, announced it has built a blockchain adapter for Appian's rapid application development platform. It is now available exclusively to businesses using Appian's Business Process Management (BPM) tool and will allow its users to integrate a blockchain network into their day-to-day business processes, creating a secure, digital environment that facilitates data sharing. Luxoft built the Adapter on Appian's Platform, as it's used extensively across a variety of industries, from financial services to healthcare, in areas such as providing data management, medical management and clinical trials. The move is part of a push to commercialize Distributed Ledger Technologies and accelerate its deployment in established business processes.Subscribe Now! Watch us report LIVEhttps://www.youtube.com/FinancialBuzzMediaFollow us on Twitter for real time Financial News Updates:https://twitter.com/financialbuzzFollow and talk to us on Instagram:https://www.instagram.com/financialbuzzFacebook Like Us to receive live feeds:https://www.facebook.com/Financialbuzz/About FinancialBuzz.com FinancialBuzz.com, a leading financial news informational web portal designed to provide the latest trends in Market News, Investing News, Personal Finance, Politics, Entertainment, in-depth broadcasts on Stock News, Market Analysis and Company Interviews. A pioneer in the financially driven digital space, video production and integration of social media, FinancialBuzz.com creates 100% unique original content. FinancialBuzz.com also provides financial news PR dissemination, branding, marketing and advertising for third parties for corporate news and original content through our unique media platform that includes Newswire Delivery, Digital Advertising, Social Media Relations, Video Production, Broadcasting, and Financial Publications.Please Note: FinancialBuzz.com is not a financial advisory or advisor, investment advisor or broker-dealer and do not undertake any activities that would require such registration. The information provided on http://www.FinancialBuzz.com(the 'Site') is either original financial news or paid advertisements provided [exclusively] by our affiliates (sponsored content), FinancialBuzz.com, a financial news media and marketing firm enters into media buys or service agreements with the companies which are the subject to the articles posted on the Site or other editorials for advertising such companies. We are not an independent news media provider and therefore do not represent or warrant that the information posted on the Site is accurate, unbiased or complete. FinancialBuzz.com receives fees for producing and presenting high quality and sophisticated content on FinancialBuzz.com along with other financial news PR media services. FinancialBuzz.com does not offer any personal opinions, recommendations or bias commentary as we purely incorporate public market information along with financial and corporate news. FinancialBuzz.com only aggregates or regurgitates financial or corporate news through our unique financial newswire and media platform. For Victory Square Technologies Inc. financial news dissemination and PR services, FinancialBuzz.com has been compensated five thousand dollars by the company. Our fees may be either a flat cash sum or negotiated number of securities of the companies featured on this editorial or site, or a combination thereof. The securities are commonly paid in segments, of which a portion is received upon engagement and the balance is paid on or near the conclusion of the engagement. FinancialBuzz.com will always disclose any compensation in securities or cash payments for financial news PR advertising. FinancialBuzz.com does not undertake to update any of the information on the editorial or Site or continue to post information about any companies the information contained herein is not intended to be used as the basis for investment decisions and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation. The information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold or sell any security. FinancialBuzz.com, members and affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed on this editorial or Site, company profiles, quotations or in other materials or presentations that it publishes electronically or in print. Investors accept full responsibility for any and all of their investment decisions based on their own independent research and evaluation of their own investment goals, risk tolerance, and financial condition. FinancialBuzz.com. By accessing this editorial and website and any pages thereof, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time. None of the content issued by FinancialBuzz.com constitutes a recommendation for any investor to purchase, hold or sell any particular security, pursue a particular investment strategy or that any security is suitable for any investor. This publication is provided by FinancialBuzz.com. Each investor is solely responsible for determining whether a particular security or investment strategy is suitable based on their objectives, other securities holdings, financial situation needs, and tax status. You agree to consult with your investment advisor, tax and legal consultant before making any investment decisions. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy or timeless of the material provided. All materials are subject to change without notice. Information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed. For our full disclaimer, disclosure and Terms of Use, please visit:            http://www.financialbuzz.com.For further information:Media Contact:info@financialbuzz.com+1-877-601-1879Url:http://www.FinancialBuzz.comSOURCE FinancialBuzz.comLoad-Date: August 28, 2018End of Document

Daqo New Energy Announces Updates to Second Quarter 2018 Sales Guidance and Reiterates Full Year 2018 GuidancePR NewswireJuly 13, 2018 Friday 6:00 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 752 wordsDateline: CHONGQING, China, July 13, 2018 BodyDaqo New Energy Corp. (NYSE: DQ) ("Daqo New Energy" or the "Company"), a leading manufacturer of high-purity polysilicon for the global solar PV industry, today announced updates to its previous polysilicon and wafer sales guidance for the second quarter of 2018 and reiterates its full year 2018 polysilicon production guidance.The Company estimates that its polysilicon sales to external customers during the second quarter of 2018 will be approximately 3,800 MT to 3,900 MT, as compared to the previous guidance of approximately 5,300 MT to 5,500 MT. The Company sold approximately 2,600 MT of polysilicon during the first two weeks of July and reduced inventory to low levels.The Company produced 5,659 MT of polysilicon during the second quarter of 2018, within the range of its previously announced guidance of 5,600 MT to 5,800 MT. The Company reiterates its full year 2018 polysilicon production guidance of 22,000 to 23,000 MT, which takes into account the impact of annual facility maintenance.    The Company also estimates that its wafer sales volume during the second quarter of 2018 amounted to approximately 9.5 million to 10.0 million pieces, as compared to the previous guidance of approximately 15.0 million to 20.0 million pieces.     The above updates are mainly attributable to the new solar PV policies issued by the Chinese government on May 31, 2018, which are expected to reduce solar installation quotas and feed-in tariffs in China during the second half of 2018. The policies created significant uncertainty in the domestic solar market and negatively impacted downstream demand. As a result, the Company's customers adjusted production plans and utilization levels, and due to the volatility of polysilicon average selling prices, a significant number of customer orders were not confirmed until the beginning of July. Mr. Longgen Zhang, Chief Executive Officer of Daqo New Energy, commented, "We remain confident in the long-term sustainable growth of polysilicon industry despite the new policies' impact on shipments in the short-term. The new policies created significant uncertainty in the market and disrupted our downstream customer's production plans. At the same time, polysilicon average selling prices saw increased volatility in June but have since stabilized over the past two weeks.""Leveraging our strong cash position, we maintained our production schedule believing that polysilicon ASPs would eventually stabilize and delayed shipments until demand returned in early July. During the first two weeks of July, polysilicon prices stabilized and our shipments returned to normal levels. We are currently running at full production capacity with low levels of inventory, which allows us to reiterate our full year production guidance. The sudden change in policy hasn't impacted our long-term strategic plan to strengthen our leadership position in the industry by further increasing our capacity, improving our cost structure and polysilicon purity."   ABOUT DAQO NEW ENERGY CORP.Daqo New Energy Corp. (NYSE: DQ) ("Daqo" or the "Company) is a leading manufacturer of high-purity polysilicon for the global solar PV industry. Founded in 2008, the Company is one of the world's lowest cost producers of high-purity polysilicon and solar wafers. Daqo primarily sells its products to solar cell and solar module manufacturers across the globe and is also a leading supplier of ultra-high-quality polysilicon for the production of high-efficiency mono-crystalline solar products.  Daqo's highly-efficient and technically advanced manufacturing facility in Xinjiang Province currently has annual polysilicon production capacity of 18,000 metric tons, and the Company is undergoing capacity expansion to reach annual polysilicon production capacity of 30,000 metric tons by the end of 2018. The Company also operates a solar wafer manufacturing facility in Chongqing, China.For further information, please contact:Daqo New Energy Corp.Investor Relations DepartmentPhone: +86-187-1658-5553Email:dqir@daqo.comChristensenIn ChinaMr. Christian ArnellPhone: +86-10- 5900-1548E-mail:carnell@christensenir.com   In USMr. Tip FlemingPhone: +1-917-412-3333Email: tfleming@Christensenir.com For more information about Daqo New Energy, please visithttp://daqo.gotoip1.com/ View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/daqo-new-energy-announces-updates-to-second-quarter-2018-sales-guidance-and-reiterates-full-year-2018-guidance-300680600.htmlSOURCE Daqo New Energy Corp.Load-Date: July 14, 2018End of Document

Trina Solar Chairman Jifan Gao elaborates on the PV maker's continued steady growth in 2018PR NewswireAugust 22, 2018 Wednesday 4:10 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1263 wordsDateline: CHANGZHOU, China, Aug. 22, 2018 BodyTrina Solar has been under the spotlight since the company delisted from the US stock market and became a private company in March 2017. Although the majority of the players in the PV sector have been hit badly by the new policy put in place by the Chinese government on May 31, Trina Solar Chairman Jifan Gao recently said in an interview that, the company's cash inventory remains at a high level. The company sold more than 4GW of PV modules in the first half of 2018, generating more than 2.04 billion USD in revenue, up more than 13 percent compared to the prior year period. For the full year of 2018, it remains quite likely that the company's total sales revenue will exceed that booked in 2017.A sound globalization strategy reduces riskAt present, Trina Solar has expanded to 103 countries and regions globally, with offices in around 40 countries and employees that come from 38 countries. Statistics show that the Company realized over 9GW in global coverage. Mr. Gao believes that establishing a globalized business system bolsters Trina Solar's ability to withstand market volatility; when volatility occurs in a market, other markets may provide a balance."Even when the market is at its best - both in China and overseas - we are still able to guarantee the supply overseas. In 2017, Trina Solar's overseas sales exceeded China's sales. From the supply point of view, overseas market contributed over 55%. This is why Trina Solar remains unruffled by the fluctuations in the market and also forms the basis for confidence in achieving annual growth as opposed to the market outlook." Mr. Gao said.Trina Solar has 6 major management centers in China, Japan, Singapore, US, Europe, and Latin America. The target is to not only achieve globalization, but also gradually achieve localization. In addition to mature markets such as the US, Europe, and Japan, Trina Solar began exploring emerging markets since 2016, including those where Trina Solar has grown rapidly such as Ukraine, the Middle East, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, and Malaysia. Trina Solar has achieved over 60% market share in some emerging countries, and at least 20-30% market share in others.Staying the course with a healthy cash flowMr. Gao reveals that in the first half of the year, Trina Solar sold some solar farms. Total capacity of the farms was about 900MW. This helped Trina Solar to raise a lot of cash and effectively lower the company's debt ratio. "Furthermore, we will still continue to provide mid-term and long-term management services to help operate these solar farms."Trina Solar's debt ratio has now been reduced to 62% as of middle of the year, compared to 67.5% at the start of the year. Trina Solar's cash reserves have also been maintained at a relatively healthy level. As of end of last year, Trina Solar's cash reserves were 643 million USD, and as of 30 June 2018, it had grown to 687 million USD.At the same time, Trina Solar's total credit limit has exceeded 2.9 billion USD. It still has a balance of 1 billion USD. In the face of adjustments in the industry, Trina Solar can still grow with ease.Under the robust management of Gao Jifan, Trina Solar has long established a risk management committee. "We evaluate the major risks that are forecast and provide dedicated management of these major risks." Mr. Gao said.Stay at the top of one's game with capacity upgradesand iterationsThe rise of international trade barriers is happening in total contradiction to the globalization trend of business development. Trina Solar took both into consideration when the PV maker began to sketch out plans for the globalization of its capacity a few years ago. Following putting 1GW of cell capacity and 1GW of module capacity into production in Thailand, Trina Solar's 1GW cell plant in Vietnam and 700MW module plant in Malaysia have recently become operational. The company also has module manufacturing partners in Turkey. Combined with domestic capacity, the company's global module and cell capacity has now reached approximately 8.5GW and 8.5GW respectively."In terms of capacity, we made sure to have in place a structurally meaningful production portfolio rather than simply pursuing scale, as we need to maintain the competitiveness and leadership of our own capacity," Mr. Gao said. Collaboration in terms of capacity with external partners must at all times be in strict compliance with Trina Solar's quality system, including the requirements for material and suppliers, in order to close our capacity gap while preserving quality of product.While planning out the structural portfolio, Trina Solar kept a focus on capacity iterations. After an overall consideration of market supply capability and the technology roadmap, Trina Solar upgraded and transformed its capacity this year. At this time, 2GW in capacity is undergoing a conversion to a polycrystalline high efficiency MCCE process. The company will complete the conversion to PERC and PERT of approximately 3.5GW in capacity by the end of the year followed by an additional 3GW in mid-2019, bringing the total PERC and PERT capacity to 6.5GW.Furthermore, Trina Solar is also seeking to further expand capacity while undertaking a labor reduction through automation and intelligent upgrading. In 2010, Trina Solar had 16,000 employees managing a capacity of 1.5GW. The company's workforce has been reduced to 15,000 while capacity is being continually increased to more than 8.5GW. The company is also engaged in intelligent and integrated PV solutions and the energy internet, among other new areas of development.The way to meet challenges is through a full-scale transformation of the businessFacing the challenges of the digital age, Trina Solar is experiencing profound innovation and revolution, on both the management side internally and product side externally. Trina Solar has transformed from the previous professional manager model to a model similar to a business partnership. Since 2017, Trina Solar has decided to aggressively drive the business units and platforms inclusive of production sectors, sales and also cover downstream solar module solutions and Energy Internet aspects.From an outside perspective, another example that best showcases Trina Solar's reform directions, besides the above mentioned management systems, would be the launch in March 2018 of "TrinaPro" smart PV solutions.Mr. Gao says TrinaPro as an 'all in one' smart solar system that includes premium components, optimized system integration and smart O&M interconnection. "The TrinaPro system can sense the entire environment and calculate automatically how best to maximize electricity generation. TrinaPro, by optimizing the combination of bi-facial solar module, tracking system and smart inverter, can boost up to 30% the power output," said Mr. Gao "We no longer use simple power generating modules, but by harnessing the power of data and the optimized design of the entire system, we further increase the overall efficiency. By bringing greater value to our customers, Trina Solar can transform from a product supplier to a value-add supplier for our customers."Gao Jifan believes the development of Trina Solar's business is progressing well thanks in part to TrinaPro and other smart power generation systems. "This is the main reason for Trina Solar's growth in the first half of this year." he added. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/trina-solar-chairman-jifan-gao-elaborates-on-the-pv-makers-continued-steady-growth-in-2018-300700790.htmlSOURCE Trina Solar LimitedCONTACT: Ching Wang, +86-21-6057-5302, qing.wang04@trinasolar.comLoad-Date: August 23, 2018End of Document

Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of IndustriesPR NewswireAugust 21, 2018 Tuesday 8:30 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1489 wordsDateline: PALM BEACH, Florida, August 21, 2018 BodyPR NewswireMarketNewsUpdates.com News Commentary Blockchain continues to evolve at rapid pace as the most efficient new platform for securing and encrypting information so it's revealed only to the intended recipient. Forward-thinking companies now see the value of blockchain beyond its original application for digital currency transactions as more and more industries are favoring the revolutionary technology today than ever. Blockchain technology may have been used initially for bitcoin, but its potential to make all levels of transactions more secure is one of the most exciting possibilities for using this powerful technology in an increasing number of industries such as finance, real estate, healthcare, energy, transportation and so much more. A rising number of companies becoming reliant on blockchain for delivering measurable business value in some form or other tangible benefits are grabbing the attention investors as the revolution shows no signs of slowing down. Active tech companies in the markets this week include Gopher Protocol Inc. (OTC:GOPH), Pareteum Corporation (NYSE:TEUM), Riot Blockchain, Inc. (NASDAQ:RIOT), Seven Stars Cloud Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SSC), Xunlei Limited (NASDAQ:XNET).Gopher Protocol Inc.(OTCQB:GOPH)BREAKING NEWS: Gopher Protocol, a company specializing in the creation of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technologies, is pleased to announce that it has attended the Blockchain Futurist Conference on August 15th and 16th in order to evaluate the ability to license Gopher's technology adaptation for the cryptocurrency arena including Gopher's database sharing, security and AI technologies.  The two-day conference was located in Toronto, Canada, the birthplace of Ethereum and home to thousands of blockchain enthusiasts and hundreds of blockchain startups. The main objective of the conference was to discuss trends and the future of blockchain technology in addition to presenting new concepts and innovations in the field.  "It was a very impressive conference" stated Danny Rittman, Gopher's Chief Technology Officer. "I could identify young talents in the field and their vision about its upcoming future. The discussions with these industry leaders ranged from new methodologies and approaches with the goal of mainstreaming cryptocurrencies to the need to increase security to protect from hackers and fraud."Dr. Rittman continued "we believe our AI system could be utilized in this industry as it can be integrated within each transaction (blockchain) formation resulting in an accurate history and audit trail and increasing integrity. We also believe the AI system can provide additional cyber security through monitoring in a decentralized fashion. Once integrated into an exchange, the AI we expect that the AI system would be able to manage and supervise all activities along with learning user's exchange patterns."Read this and more news forGOPHathttp://www.marketnewsupdates.com/news/goph.htmlOtherrecent developments in the tech industry include:Pareteum Corporation(NYSE:TEUM), the rapidly growing Global Cloud Software company, delivering award winning mobile enablement solutions, announced that a Southeast Asia national mobile operator has selected Pareteum's Global Software Defined Cloud (GSDC) in a 3-year $4 million agreement, enabling a complete digital transformation of their consumer and enterprise Mobile Virtual Network subscribers. By combining our new customer's existing national mobile network with Pareteum's GSDC, all digital services, including Internet of Things, Mobile Virtual Network Operations and enterprise applications, are aggregated by the creation of this fully integrated turnkey software solution.Riot Blockchain, Inc.(NASDAQ:RIOT) announced the filing of its unaudited results for the second quarter on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2018. The entire document can be viewed on the Company's website or at SEC.gov. A few Highlights includes: > First quarter within which the Company reached full deployment of its 8,000 ASIC cryptocurrency miners > Generated approximately $2,768,619 million in revenue on the production of 348 Bitcoins (including BCash as converted) and 318 Litecoins for the quarter > Gross margin percentage of 47% Cash, cash equivalents, digital currencies, and prepaid contracts of $9,128,051 > Total current liabilities of $6,572,187 > No long-term debt.Seven Stars Cloud Group, Inc.(NASDAQ:SSC), a leading global technology firm focusing on digital asset production and distribution, has this week announced a ground-breaking, three-year, exclusive $24B deal with National Transportation Capacity Co Ltd (NTS) to issue fixed income lease financing-based products, through a global strategic alliance network which operates in a regulatory compliant manner, for large-scale electric bus upgrades, as part of the Chinese government's regulations for all buses to be replaced with electric buses by 2021 (within the next three years). The market size for the mandatory replacements and upgrades to achieve fully-electric bus operations in China is estimated at 1 trillion RMB (approx. $145B). NTS is the largest full-service operator for electric buses, with sales, lease financing, a charging station network, and real-time data services including media, payments, maps, and facial recognition.Xunlei Limited(NASDAQ:XNET), a leading cloud-based bandwidth acceleration technology company in China, announced today its participation in the following investor conferences:Citi Greater China TMT Corporate Day 201829 Aug 2018 (Wed)Mandarin Oriental Hotel, Hong KongMorgan Stanley China TMT Conference30 Aug 2018 (Thurs) - 31 Aug 2018 (Fri)Rosewood Hotel, BeijingManagement will meet with institutional investors during the events. For additional information, please contact the respective institutional sales representative at each sponsoring bank.DISCLAIMER: MarketNewsUpdates.com (MNU) is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. MNU is NOT affiliated in any manner with any company mentioned herein. MNU and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. MNU's market updates, news alerts and corporate profiles are NOT a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and is NEVER to be construed or interpreted as research material. All readers are strongly urged to perform research and due diligence on their own and consult a licensed financial professional before considering any level of investing in stocks. All material included herein is republished content and details which were previously disseminated by the companies mentioned in this release. MNU is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers. Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment when investing in stocks. For current services performed MNU has been compensated twenty three hundred dollars for news coverage of the current press releases issued by Gopher Protocol Inc. by a non-affiliated third party.MNU HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE.This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and MNU undertakes no obligation to update such statements.Contact Information:Email:info@marketnewsupdates.com+1(561)325-8757SOURCE MarketNewsUpdates.comLoad-Date: October 9, 2018End of Document

Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of IndustriesiCrowdNewswire (English)August 22, 2018 Wednesday 10:40 AM GMTCopyright 2018 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1595 wordsBody                   PALM BEACH, Florida,    MarketNewsUpdates.com News Commentary Blockchain continues to evolve at rapid pace as the most efficient new platform for securing and encrypting information so it's revealed only to the intended recipient. Forward-thinking companies now see the value of blockchain beyond its original application for digital currency transactions as more and more industries are favoring ... Continue reading Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of IndustriesPALM BEACH, Florida,   MarketNewsUpdates.com News CommentaryBlockchain continues to evolve at rapid pace as the most efficient new platform for securing and encrypting information so it's revealed only to the intended recipient. Forward-thinking companies now see the value of blockchain beyond its original application for digital currency transactions as more and more industries are favoring the revolutionary technology today than ever. Blockchain technology may have been used initially for bitcoin, but its potential to make all levels of transactions more secure is one of the most exciting possibilities for using this powerful technology in an increasing number of industries such as finance, real estate, healthcare, energy, transportation and so much more. A rising number of companies becoming reliant on blockchain for delivering measurable business value in some form or other tangible benefits are grabbing the attention investors as the revolution shows no signs of slowing down. Active tech companies in the markets this week include Gopher Protocol Inc. (OTC:GOPH), Pareteum Corporation (NYSE : TEUM ), Riot Blockchain, Inc. (NASDAQ : RIOT ), Seven Stars Cloud Group, Inc. (NASDAQ : SSC ), Xunlei Limited (NASDAQ : XNET ).Gopher Protocol Inc. (OTCQB:GOPH) BREAKING NEWS: Gopher Protocol, a company specializing in the creation of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technologies, is pleased to announce that it has attended the Blockchain Futurist Conference on August 15th and 16th in order to evaluate the ability to license Gopher's technology adaptation for the cryptocurrency arena including Gopher's database sharing, security and AI technologies.  The two-day conference was located in Toronto, Canada, the birthplace of Ethereum and home to thousands of blockchain enthusiasts and hundreds of blockchain startups. The main objective of the conference was to discuss trends and the future of blockchain technology in addition to presenting new concepts and innovations in the field.   It was a very impressive conference  stated Danny Rittman, Gopher's Chief Technology Officer.  I could identify young talents in the field and their vision about its upcoming future. The discussions with these industry leaders ranged from new methodologies and approaches with the goal of mainstreaming cryptocurrencies to the need to increase security to protect from hackers and fraud. Dr. Rittman continued  we believe our AI system could be utilized in this industry as it can be integrated within each transaction (blockchain) formation resulting in an accurate history and audit trail and increasing integrity. We also believe the AI system can provide additional cyber security through monitoring in a decentralized fashion. Once integrated into an exchange, the AI we expect that the AI system would be able to manage and supervise all activities along with learning user's exchange patterns.  Read this and more news forGOPHathttp://www.marketnewsupdates.com/news/goph.htmlOther recent developments in the tech industry include:Pareteum Corporation (NYSE : TEUM ), the rapidly growing Global Cloud Software company, delivering award winning mobile enablement solutions, announced that a Southeast Asia national mobile operator has selected Pareteum's Global Software Defined Cloud (GSDC) in a 3-year $4 million agreement, enabling a complete digital transformation of their consumer and enterprise Mobile Virtual Network subscribers. By combining our new customer's existing national mobile network with Pareteum's GSDC, all digital services, including Internet of Things, Mobile Virtual Network Operations and enterprise applications, are aggregated by the creation of this fully integrated turnkey software solution.Riot Blockchain, Inc. (NASDAQ : RIOT ) announced the filing of its unaudited results for the second quarter on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2018. The entire document can be viewed on the Company's website or at SEC.gov. A few Highlights includes: > First quarter within which the Company reached full deployment of its 8,000 ASIC cryptocurrency miners > Generated approximately $2,768,619 million in revenue on the production of 348 Bitcoins (including BCash as converted) and 318 Litecoins for the quarter > Gross margin percentage of 47% Cash, cash equivalents, digital currencies, and prepaid contracts of $9,128,051 > Total current liabilities of $6,572,187 > No long-term debt.Seven Stars Cloud Group, Inc. (NASDAQ : SSC ), a leading global technology firm focusing on digital asset production and distribution, has this week announced a ground-breaking, three-year, exclusive $24B deal with National Transportation Capacity Co Ltd (NTS) to issue fixed income lease financing-based products, through a global strategic alliance network which operates in a regulatory compliant manner, for large-scale electric bus upgrades, as part of the Chinese government's regulations for all buses to be replaced with electric buses by 2021 (within the next three years). The market size for the mandatory replacements and upgrades to achieve fully-electric bus operations in China is estimated at 1 trillion RMB (approx. $145B). NTS is the largest full-service operator for electric buses, with sales, lease financing, a charging station network, and real-time data services including media, payments, maps, and facial recognition.Xunlei Limited (NASDAQ : XNET ), a leading cloud-based bandwidth acceleration technology company in China, announced today its participation in the following investor conferences:Citi Greater China TMT Corporate Day 201829 Aug 2018 (Wed)Mandarin Oriental Hotel, Hong KongMorgan Stanley China TMT Conference30 Aug 2018 (Thurs)   31 Aug 2018 (Fri)Rosewood Hotel, BeijingManagement will meet with institutional investors during the events. For additional information, please contact the respective institutional sales representative at each sponsoring bank.DISCLAIMER: MarketNewsUpdates.com (MNU) is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. MNU is NOT affiliated in any manner with any company mentioned herein. MNU and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. MNU's market updates, news alerts and corporate profiles are NOT a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and is NEVER to be construed or interpreted as research material. All readers are strongly urged to perform research and due diligence on their own and consult a licensed financial professional before considering any level of investing in stocks. All material included herein is republished content and details which were previously disseminated by the companies mentioned in this release. MNU is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers. Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment when investing in stocks. For current services performed MNU has been compensated twenty three hundred dollars for news coverage of the current press releases issued by Gopher Protocol Inc. by a non-affiliated third party.MNU HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE.This release contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements  describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as  may ,  future ,  plan  or  planned ,  will  or  should ,  expected,   anticipates ,  draft ,  eventually  or  projected . You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and MNU undertakes no obligation to update such statements.See Campaign:http://MarketNewsUpdates.comContact Information:Email:info@marketnewsupdates.comTags:,            Wire,            Cryptocurrency Newswire,            United States,            EnglishLoad-Date: August 22, 2018End of Document

Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of IndustriesPR NewswireAugust 21, 2018 Tuesday 8:30 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1487 wordsDateline: PALM BEACH, Florida, August 21, 2018 BodyMarketNewsUpdates.com News Commentary Blockchain continues to evolve at rapid pace as the most efficient new platform for securing and encrypting information so it's revealed only to the intended recipient. Forward-thinking companies now see the value of blockchain beyond its original application for digital currency transactions as more and more industries are favoring the revolutionary technology today than ever. Blockchain technology may have been used initially for bitcoin, but its potential to make all levels of transactions more secure is one of the most exciting possibilities for using this powerful technology in an increasing number of industries such as finance, real estate, healthcare, energy, transportation and so much more. A rising number of companies becoming reliant on blockchain for delivering measurable business value in some form or other tangible benefits are grabbing the attention investors as the revolution shows no signs of slowing down. Active tech companies in the markets this week include Gopher Protocol Inc. (OTC:GOPH), Pareteum Corporation (NYSE:TEUM), Riot Blockchain, Inc. (NASDAQ:RIOT), Seven Stars Cloud Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SSC), Xunlei Limited (NASDAQ:XNET).Gopher Protocol Inc.(OTCQB:GOPH)BREAKING NEWS: Gopher Protocol, a company specializing in the creation of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technologies, is pleased to announce that it has attended the Blockchain Futurist Conference on August 15th and 16th in order to evaluate the ability to license Gopher's technology adaptation for the cryptocurrency arena including Gopher's database sharing, security and AI technologies.  The two-day conference was located in Toronto, Canada, the birthplace of Ethereum and home to thousands of blockchain enthusiasts and hundreds of blockchain startups. The main objective of the conference was to discuss trends and the future of blockchain technology in addition to presenting new concepts and innovations in the field.  "It was a very impressive conference" stated Danny Rittman, Gopher's Chief Technology Officer. "I could identify young talents in the field and their vision about its upcoming future. The discussions with these industry leaders ranged from new methodologies and approaches with the goal of mainstreaming cryptocurrencies to the need to increase security to protect from hackers and fraud."Dr. Rittman continued "we believe our AI system could be utilized in this industry as it can be integrated within each transaction (blockchain) formation resulting in an accurate history and audit trail and increasing integrity. We also believe the AI system can provide additional cyber security through monitoring in a decentralized fashion. Once integrated into an exchange, the AI we expect that the AI system would be able to manage and supervise all activities along with learning user's exchange patterns."Read this and more news forGOPHathttp://www.marketnewsupdates.com/news/goph.htmlOtherrecent developments in the tech industry include:Pareteum Corporation(NYSE:TEUM), the rapidly growing Global Cloud Software company, delivering award winning mobile enablement solutions, announced that a Southeast Asia national mobile operator has selected Pareteum's Global Software Defined Cloud (GSDC) in a 3-year $4 million agreement, enabling a complete digital transformation of their consumer and enterprise Mobile Virtual Network subscribers. By combining our new customer's existing national mobile network with Pareteum's GSDC, all digital services, including Internet of Things, Mobile Virtual Network Operations and enterprise applications, are aggregated by the creation of this fully integrated turnkey software solution.Riot Blockchain, Inc.(NASDAQ:RIOT) announced the filing of its unaudited results for the second quarter on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2018. The entire document can be viewed on the Company's website or at SEC.gov. A few Highlights includes: > First quarter within which the Company reached full deployment of its 8,000 ASIC cryptocurrency miners > Generated approximately $2,768,619 million in revenue on the production of 348 Bitcoins (including BCash as converted) and 318 Litecoins for the quarter > Gross margin percentage of 47% Cash, cash equivalents, digital currencies, and prepaid contracts of $9,128,051 > Total current liabilities of $6,572,187 > No long-term debt.Seven Stars Cloud Group, Inc.(NASDAQ:SSC), a leading global technology firm focusing on digital asset production and distribution, has this week announced a ground-breaking, three-year, exclusive $24B deal with National Transportation Capacity Co Ltd (NTS) to issue fixed income lease financing-based products, through a global strategic alliance network which operates in a regulatory compliant manner, for large-scale electric bus upgrades, as part of the Chinese government's regulations for all buses to be replaced with electric buses by 2021 (within the next three years). The market size for the mandatory replacements and upgrades to achieve fully-electric bus operations in China is estimated at 1 trillion RMB (approx. $145B). NTS is the largest full-service operator for electric buses, with sales, lease financing, a charging station network, and real-time data services including media, payments, maps, and facial recognition.Xunlei Limited(NASDAQ:XNET), a leading cloud-based bandwidth acceleration technology company in China, announced today its participation in the following investor conferences:Citi Greater China TMT Corporate Day 201829 Aug 2018 (Wed)Mandarin Oriental Hotel, Hong KongMorgan Stanley China TMT Conference30 Aug 2018 (Thurs) - 31 Aug 2018 (Fri)Rosewood Hotel, BeijingManagement will meet with institutional investors during the events. For additional information, please contact the respective institutional sales representative at each sponsoring bank.DISCLAIMER: MarketNewsUpdates.com (MNU) is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. MNU is NOT affiliated in any manner with any company mentioned herein. MNU and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. MNU's market updates, news alerts and corporate profiles are NOT a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and is NEVER to be construed or interpreted as research material. All readers are strongly urged to perform research and due diligence on their own and consult a licensed financial professional before considering any level of investing in stocks. All material included herein is republished content and details which were previously disseminated by the companies mentioned in this release. MNU is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers. Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment when investing in stocks. For current services performed MNU has been compensated twenty three hundred dollars for news coverage of the current press releases issued by Gopher Protocol Inc. by a non-affiliated third party.MNU HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE.This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and MNU undertakes no obligation to update such statements.Contact Information:Email:info@marketnewsupdates.com+1(561)325-8757SOURCE MarketNewsUpdates.comLoad-Date: August 22, 2018End of Document

Origin Agritech Takes Step Closer to Commercialization of Corn Seed GMO TechnologyMT Newswires Live BriefsAugust 23, 2018 Thursday 1:58 PM ESTCopyright 2018 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 152 wordsBody Origin Agritech (SEED), an agriculture technology and rural e-commerce company, said Thursday that it has started new cooperation programs with other seed suppliers in China to integrate the company's GMO traits with the seed varieties from other suppliers. Shares fell more than 1% intraday.The reason behind the move is to license its technologies upon the commercialization approval from the Chinese government. "This is a significant step forward for the commercialization of our GMO technologies," CEO James Chen said. "As more and more corn seed suppliers are realizing the value of GMO technology, they start to work with us in order to get ready to license our GMO technologies."Origin said China has the corn planting acreage similar to the United States and the market value for the corn seed GMO technology could reach over multi-billion dollars in China. Price: 5.44, Change: -0.08, Percent Change: -1.45Load-Date: August 24, 2018End of Document

Reports: Alibaba e-commerce co-founder Jack Ma to retireUPISeptember 8, 2018 Saturday 11:37 AM ESTCopyright 2018 U.P.I. All Rights ReservedLength: 375 wordsByline: SOMMER BROKAWDateline: Dec. 31 BodyJack Ma, co-founder and executive chairman of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, plans to retire from the company Monday to focus on philanthropy in education.Since its creation in 1999, Ma grew Alibaba into the world's largest online retailer with other ventures that include self-driving cars and digital payment methods. The New York Times reported Ma's retirement plans.Ma, who became China's richest man after Alibaba's record-setting 2014 IPO on the New York Stock Exchange, is retiring at a time when China's private sector has faced more intervention from government in recent years. Chinese President  has also clamped down on the Internet industry to silence dissenting voices. China has also faced economic issues as a trade war escalates with the United States.Duncan Clark, a business consultant in China and author of Alibaba: The House that Jack Built, said in a Wall Street Journal report that Ma's move could be a signal of a changing business environment in China, as the government continues to exert more control and tighter regulation, including the adoption last year of a new law on cybersecurity.However, Ma, who will retire on Monday, his 54th birthday and a holiday in China known as Teacher's Day, told the Times his retirement is not the end of an era, but "the beginning of an era."Ma, a former English teacher, added that he wanted to focus on his passion for education."I love education," he said.Though he is retiring as chairman, Ma will remain on the company's board of directors.Ma stepped down as chief executive officer five years ago, but remained the public face of the company, which currently has a market value of more than $400 billion. Daniel Zhang replaced him as CEO.He trusts the current management to lead the company forward as it expands beyond e-commerce to include movie production, Bloomberg reported. Ma plans to now focus on his first love of teaching and create a foundation for philanthropy following in the footsteps of fellow tech billionaire ."I have full confidence in my team and in the partner structure, which lots of investors don't like," Ma told Bloomberg. "I think some day, and soon, I'll go back to teaching. This is something I think I can do much better than being CEO of Alibaba."Load-Date: September 9, 2018End of Document

Risen Energy moves focus of new business development from mature to emerging marketsPR NewswireJuly 18, 2018 Wednesday 10:00 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 621 wordsDateline: NINGBO, China, July 18, 2018 BodyRisen Energy Co., Ltd. recently signed a financing agreement with the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) for a 40MW photovoltaic power station project in Kazakhstan. Under the agreement, the financing program will provide three loans: US$22 million converted at Kazakhstan local exchange rate, US$5.8 million from the Clean Energy Technology Fund and US$4.2 million from the Green Climate Fund.Risen Energy is a leading China-based PV solutions provider that trades as an A-share on China's Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The firm has developed and delivered thousands of projects worldwide, with many of them widely distributed throughout the countries and regions targeted by the Chinese government's "One Belt, One Road" initiative, among them, Belarus, Bulgaria, Cambodia, the Czech Republic, India, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Macedonia, Nepal, Romania and Ukraine.In April of this year, Risen Energy was named general contractor under an engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contract whereby the company commenced the build-out of a 25MW solar PV power station in Nuwakot, Nepal. Upon completion, the facility is expected to become the first large-scale ground-mounted PV station in the country. In addition to being responsible for the design, procurement, construction, commissioning and other engineering services of the station, Risen Energy will contribute high-efficiency 275W solar modules, known for their reliability and cost-effectiveness, to the project. The facility is scheduled to be put into operation by the end of this year, at which point it will be connected to the state grid and provide clean electricity to Kathmandu Valley during the daytime.In addition, Australia, the world's largest household energy storage market, is also an important marketplace for speeding up Risen Energy's globalization efforts. Construction of the 121MW Yarranlea photovoltaic power station, which was wholly acquired by Risen Energy in May 2018, has begun. The company will provide a comprehensive "one-stop shop" suite of services for the project, including engineering design, construction, module delivery, operations and maintenance. Barring any unforeseen delays, the project is expected to be completed at the end of March, 2019. At that time, the power generated by the plant will be incorporated into Australia's national electricity market (NEM) and made available to the city of Toowoomba and the neighboring Darling Downs region in southern Queensland. The project is expected to have an annual capacity of 264 GWh.Alongside the expansion roadmap into overseas markets, Risen Energy also rolled out what it has internally dubbed the "Two New" strategy, which calls for a continued focus on development in the new energy and new material fields, and the build out of a business portfolio encompassing battery modules, energy storage and new materials. In the new energy area, the focus will be on reaching grid parity in all markets where the company has an interest, with the twin goals of delivering power to clients at a cost at par with or even below the going rate for electricity from conventional sources and of promoting the sustainable development of the new energy sector. In terms of technology, Risen Energy plans to put its efforts into raising the efficiency and reliability of its products while lowering costs, in an effort to improve the performance of its battery modules, optimize the structure of its battery components, enhance product quality and eliminate outdated capacity. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/risen-energy-moves-focus-of-new-business-development-from-mature-to-emerging-markets-300682811.htmlSOURCE Risen Energy Co., LtdCONTACT: Tina Feng, +86-13736192549, tina@risenenergy.comLoad-Date: July 19, 2018End of Document

ZK International Develops Intelligent Piping System - A Smart Pipe Revolutionizing the IndustryPR NewswireJuly 18, 2018 Wednesday 9:13 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1164 wordsDateline: WENZHOU, China, July 18, 2018 BodyZK International GroupCo., Ltd.(Nasdaq: ZKIN) ("ZKIN", "ZK International" or the "Company"), in conjunction with its wholly owned subsidiary, xSigma Corp., reveals the development of the world's first smart pipe revolutionizing the stainless steel piping industry. This Intelligent Piping System (IPS) will be powered byTNT Blockchain'spatent pending, software and IoT technology.The IPS' far-reaching new technology will ensure delivery of clean drinking water from its source to the consumer. It will use sensors to detect water quality and fluctuations in temperature, pH levels, and any undesirable particles, which is a process that does not occur today. Water quality readings are done at certain points, but not throughout the entire piping system. This will allow monitors to help the water supply company and engineers detect the source of any problem that occurs to the pipe system, resulting in a much quicker resolution. Similarly, in gas pipelines, the IPS sensors will work to detect gas pressure changes, which may be an indicator of gas leakage.David Christensen, President of TNT Blockchain commented, "We are thrilled to begin using our one of a kind technology with ZK International's manufacturing and operating process. This is truly revolutionary to the traditional piping industry with commercial and residential uses that are endless. It will ensure quality water is delivered where it is necessary, and it will monitor the integrity and safety of transporting natural gases."Mr. Jiancong Huang, Chairman and CEO of ZK International, stated, "ZK International was founded on being a forward thinker in the stainless steel and piping industry. We have prided ourselves on incorporating technologies into our products to ensure we are always providing the best quality product to our customers and end users. The development of the Intelligent Piping System was a natural progression for us."About ZK International Group Co., Ltd.ZK International Group Co., Ltd. is a China-based designer, engineer, manufacturer, and supplier of patented high-performance stainless steel and carbon steel pipe products that require sophisticated water or gas pipeline systems. The Company owns 28 patents, 21 trademarks, 2 Technical Achievement Awards, and 10 National and Industry Standard Awards. ZK International is preparing to capitalize on the $850 Billion commitment made by the Chinese Government to improve the quality of water, which in its current supply state is 70% unfit for human contact. ZK International is Quality Management System Certified (ISO9001), Environmental Management System Certified (ISO1401), and a National Industrial Stainless Steel Production Licensee that is focused on supplying steel piping for the multi-billion dollar industries of Gas and Water sectors. ZK has supplied stainless steel pipelines for over 2,000 projects, which include the Beijing National Airport, the "Water Cube" and "Bird's Nest", which were venues for the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Emphasizing superior properties and durability of its steel piping, ZK International is providing a solution for the delivery of high quality, highly sustainable, environmentally sound drinkable water to not only to the China market but to international markets such as Europe, East Asia, and Southeast Asia.For more information please visit http://www.ZKInternationalGroup.com. Additionally, please follow the Company on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and Weibo. For further information on the Company's SEC filings please visit            http://www.sec.gov.About XSigma CorporationXSigma Corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZK International Group Co., Ltd. Together with ZK International, it has signed an exclusive worldwide distribution agreement with TNT Blockchain, Inc. to implement its patent pending software and blockchain technologies into its manufacturing process and supply chain management system. These technologies include, Track-n-Trace ("TNT"), which is designed to improve the traceability and inventory systems of small to medium sized manufacturing companies to track raw materials and finished goods at the source, supplier, or factory, through the entire supply chain to the end user. Combining TNT with the Internet of Things ("IoT") devices, every device within the manufacturing process is registered on the Blockchain to create a digital identity, which cannot be manipulated. Finally, the Blockchain technology would provide transparency and security, as permissions and identity the technology would require will ensure the appropriate visibility of transactions. For further information about XSigma, please visit its website at http://www.xsigma.io.Safe Harbor Statement This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "estimate" or "continue" or the negative or other variations thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of ZK International. Actual results may differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties, as well as other risk factors that are included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Although ZK International believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in forward-looking statements will be realized. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by ZK International or any other person that their objectives or plans will be achieved. ZK International does not undertake any obligation to revise the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.CONTACT:KCSA Strategic Communications Valter Pinto, Managing DirectorPH: +1 (212) 896-1242 ZKInternational@KCSA.com View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zk-international-develops-intelligent-piping-system--a-smart-pipe-revolutionizing-the-industry-300682900.htmlSOURCE ZK International Group Co., Ltd.Load-Date: July 19, 2018End of Document

Google Rises Slightly Despite Senate ScrutinyRealMoneySeptember 26, 2018 Wednesday 5:04 PM EDTCopyright 2018 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 634 wordsByline: Kevin CurranHighlight: Google shares rise slightly on Wednesday.BodyAlphabet, Inc.  rose slightly on Wednesday despite a Senate hearing, advancing 0.01% after market close.The minute bump was driven by an afternoon run that brought shares out of a morning hole anxiety over a hearing before the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation in Washington created.Admitting MistakesFor the hearing, the Mountain View, California-based technology company began its testimony with some self-effacing statements.Google's Chief Privacy Officer Keith Enright read from a prepared statement wherein he apologized and explained improvements the company is making in its privacy frameworks."We acknowledge that we have made mistakes in the past, from which we have learned, and improved our robust privacy program," he said.The company became proactive about this aspect by releasing its own framework in order to help dictate rules on its own terms earlier this week."Regulation can protect individuals and communities from harm and misuse of data and help maintain the trust that enables innovation and change," the preamble to the framework reads. "Building on our efforts to provide innovative services that rely on personal data, and on our experience with evolving international privacy laws, we have synthesized the following set of high-level principles."The  , sets forth standards on transparency, consumer privacy, and consumer control of their own personal data.He added throughout the hearing that he and Google are perfectly comfortable abiding by new legislation so long as it is federal and avoids a "patchwork" state-by-state model.Currently, California has much stricter data regulation than other states, which creates that very issue.European ExampleIn speaking of stricter regulation, Enright lamented the regulation the company has encountered in Europe and GDPR.Senator Mike Lee, a Republican from Utah, asked Enright how much Google has spent on preparing for the new GDPR regulation in recent years.When Enright noted he did not have an exact number, Lee pushed."Would you say tens of thousands? Hundreds of thousands? Millions?" he questioned."It was orders of magnitude than any figure you've mentioned, sir," Enright calmly replied.The libertarian-leaning senator cautioned his colleagues on the hampering of business that this type of legislation might bring.The exchange continued, with Lee questioning the amount of man hours necessary for that pricey preparation."I would estimate that it was in the hundreds of years of human time," Enright answered to a surprised panel.In order to be proactive about compliance with these administratively taxing regulations, the search giant has also laid out frameworks for Europe.The company's Public Policy Manager Jon Steinberg  in response to the recently published European Code of Practice on Disinformation in Europe this morning as well.The post again lays out practical frameworks that Google has utilized for policing its platform, an attempt to prove its ability to be self-policing.Big Trouble in Little China?Of note in the meeting was  , despite numerous leaks indicating it has development underway.U.S. Senator Maggie Hassan, a Democrat from New Hampshire, offered a strong condemnation of Google's proposed efforts to expand into the Asian nation, which would require it to work in conjunction with Chinese government censors.Surprisingly, given employee and press leaks of the allegedly nascent project, Enright denied that any such project is close to fruition."I stand by Google's record on human rights," he declared. "My understanding is that we are not close to launching a search product in China."When asked by Hassan in a follow-up where leaks, reports, and letters are coming from, Enright declined to offer an explanation."I wouldn't speculate, senator." he answered.Load-Date: September 27, 2018End of Document

iBlockchain Summit 2018 to Feature International Selection of Blockchain Industry Leaders, Market Potential in Asia; More than 60 exhibitors, 30 speakers from over 40 countries, and 4,000 attendees are expected at this immersive two-day blockchain eventGlobeNewswireSeptember 25, 2018 Tuesday 6:35 AM PTCopyright 2018 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: CALENDAR OF EVENTSLength: 555 wordsBodyNEW YORK, Sept.  25, 2018  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- via CryptoCurrencyWire -- Discover the future of blockchain and the exciting, transformative applications now under development in Asia as industry leaders gather at the Guangzhou Baiyun International Convention Center in Guangzhou, China, November 2-3, 2018, for iBlockchain Summit 2018 ("iBS 2018").This two-day event is a fast-paced, immersive opportunity for investors, industry players, and blockchain and crypto enthusiasts from the world over to network and share insights while dissecting every aspect of the blockchain ecosystem together in one amazing location. Summit organizers have attracted an exceptional lineup of diverse keynote speakers, sponsors and exhibitors in addition to an impressive selection of on-trend blockchain topics.Kicking off the first day's event is an opening ceremony that highlights the best of the year's blockchain ideas and projects as 15 business entrepreneurs in the blockchain space are recognized with personalized awards. Hot blockchain topics under the microscope on the first day's agenda include:• How to prevent fraud in blockchain projects• The importance of accurate and timely market information• How to turn blockchain technology into a commercial advantage• Does blockchain really need an operating system?• The application of blockchain technology and market forecast in the futureSecond day presentations tackle even more industry specific issues including:• Blockchain: The new cornerstone of financial services• Ten questions regarding 2018 Blockchain• What does blockchain mean for venture capital and the IT industry?• Blockchain security issues and opportunities• Application of blockchain technology in instant messaging• The future of blockchainAttendees will hear from a varied selection of keynote speakers deeply involved in blockchain projects such as Oliver Prock, CEO and founder of Smarter Than Crypto; Brad Maclean, COO of Gatecoin; Ilya Orlov, CEO of TravelChain; Lee Willson, founding president of World Blockchain Foundation; and Brian Kanda, CEO of FloraChain.Over 60 exhibits will provide one-on-one opportunities to network and gather connections to strengthen the blockchain community and be a part of its organic growth. Blockchain's ability to disrupt virtually every type of industry raises a multitude of questions facing every aspect of society. Event organizers note the Chinese government is also studying the intricacies of blockchain's future and the revolutionary opportunity it offers to apply promising, cutting-edge technologies to all walks of life.Sign up now for a chance to network up close and personal with CEOs, entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, developers and others excited about the blockchain ecosystem. To learn more and register for iBlockchain Summit 2018 in Guangzhou, China, on Nov. 2-3, 2018, visit: http://www.iblockchainsummit.com/Like iBS on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/iBlockchainSummit66Follow iBS on Twitter: https://twitter.com/iBlockchainSum1Connect with iBS on Google+: https://plus.google.com/109326374986386577536iBlockchain Summit Contact iBlockchain Summit Email: info@iblockchainsummit.com Phone: +86-21-31261015Corporate Communications Contact  CryptoCurrencyWire 1324 Lexington Ave. New York, NY 10128 www.CryptoCurrencyWire.com (212) 418-1217 Editor@CryptoCurrencyWire.comLoad-Date: September 26, 2018End of Document

Avivagen Chairman and CEO Kym Anthony, Joins Everett Jolly Uptick Newswire's "Stock Day" PodcastGlobeNewswireJuly 17, 2018 Tuesday 5:30 AM PTCopyright 2018 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 922 wordsBodyPHOENIX, July  17, 2018  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Uptick Newswire, today announced the interview of Avivagen Chairman and CEO Kym Anthony on Stock Day Podcast with Everett Jolly.Avivagen's scientifically backed, evidence-based products are in high demand from veterinarians, farmers and producers, pet owners and retailers.  The Company now has regulatory approval in multiple countries, including Canada, China, and Thailand. "I would like you to update us on your new contracts with New Zealand, the Chinese government and the Philippines," said Jolly.  "What has transpired since the last time you were on the show?""There have been many interesting developments moving from being an R&D company to being a commercial company," said Anthony.  "Usage of our product in the Philippines has grown to between 800 kg to a ton per month.""In January we released new applications for our products, we had a really striking set of trials conducted in China and the Philippines," Anthony continued.  "Additionally, in May of this year we announced the approval of our products for all applications, livestock and companion animals by New Zealand, which has a very large dairy industry." Avivagen is focusing on both client development and regulatory development; and is now in the application process in Mexico, Vietnam, South Korea, Brazil, Russia and the United States.  "The relationships we have are sticky," said Anthony.  "We are going in the right direction for profitability."To listen to the full interview please click here to the following link: https://upticknewswire.com/featured-interview-ceo-kym-anthony-of-avivagen-inc-otcpink-chexf-3/About Avivagen Avivagen is a public corporation traded on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol VIV and is headquartered in Ottawa, Canada, based in partnership facilities of the National Research Council of Canada and Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. For more information, visit www.avivagen.com. The contents of the website are expressly not incorporated by reference in this press release.Forward Looking Statements This news release includes certain forward-looking statements that are based upon the current expectations of management. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties associated with the business of Avivagen Inc. and the environment in which the business operates. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking, including those identified by the expressions "aim", "anticipate", "appear", "believe", "consider", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "goal", "hope", "likely", "may", "plan", "possibly", "potentially", "pursue", "seem", "should", "whether", "will", "would" and similar expressions. Statements set out in this news release relating to the expectation that UNAHCO will continue to order product at the current rate or increase orders, the possibility for deployment or launch of OxC-beta„¢ Livestock in new jurisdictions around the world or for it to replace antibiotics in livestock feeds as well as fill a critical need for health support in certain livestock applications where antibiotics are precluded, Avivagen's intention to accelerate market access and the commercial uptake of its OxC-beta„¢ Livestock product and the size of market opportunities are all forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations. For instance, UNAHCO is under no obligation to continue purchasing product from Avivagen or to increase its purchases and it could cease or reduce its purchases at any time, Avivagen's products may not gain market acceptance or regulatory approval in new jurisdictions or for new applications and may not be widely accepted as a replacement for antibiotics in livestock feeds, new market access may not occur in the timeline or manner expected by Avivagen and the market opportunities may not be as large as Avivagen anticipates due to many factors, many of which are outside of Avivagen's control. Except as required by law, Avivagen assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.For more information: Avivagen Inc. Drew Basek Director of Investor Relations 100 Sussex Drive, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada K1A 0R6 Phone: 416-540-0733 E-mail: d.basek@avivagen.comKym Anthony Chairman & Interim CEO 100 Sussex Drive, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada K1A 0R6 Head Office Phone: 613-949-8164 Website: www.avivagen.comAbout Uptick Newswire and the "Stock Day" PodcastUptick Newswire is a private company reaching out to the masses keeping investors and shareholders up to date on company news and bringing transparency to the undervalued, undersold, micro-cap stocks of the market and is the sole producer of the Uptick Network "Stock Day" Podcast. The Uptick Network "Stock Day" Podcast is an extension of Uptick Newswire and has recently launched the Video Interview Studio located in Phoenix, Arizona.Source: Uptick NewswireInvestors Hangout is a proud sponsor of Stock Day and Uptick Newswire encourages listeners to visit Avivagen, message board on: https://investorshangout.com/Load-Date: July 18, 2018End of Document

Corporate profits cheer Wall Street but trade tensions trap gainsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishAugust 6, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 315 wordsBody       US stocks rallied higher, bolstered mainly by good quarterly trade accounts, but the trade dispute between the US and China continued to weigh in and saw more gains. The Dow Jones closed up 0.16% to 25,502.25 points and Standard & Poor's 500 advanced 0.35% to 2,850.40 points.  Nasdaq Composite gained 0.61% to settle at 7,859.68 points.  Stock exchanges on the other side of the Atlantic continued to be boosted by the robust quarterly results of its listed stock.  Of the more than 400 S & P 500 companies that have reported their accounts, 78.6% exceeded earnings projections, which is above the average of 72% in the last four quarters.  Berkshire Hathaway, of billionaire investor Warren Buffett, was among the highlights in Monday's gains, adding up to 2.34 percent (it hit the highest level since March at $ 311,805.50 per share class A], after the conglomerate announced on Saturday a 67% increase in second-quarter operating profit.  Also Facebook helped to sustain the negotiation, to value more than 4%. The technology led by Mark Zuckerberg denied information that Facebook would allow its users to access their bank statements through the social network. However, he said he is partnering with banks and credit card companies to offer online chat services between these institutions and their customers, who can also talk to their account managers.  This information made Facebook's shares gain ground as investors were pleased that the social network was strengthening its relationship with the bank to make customer service products available through Messenger.  The biggest gains on Wall Street have been trade tensions between the US and China, which continue to dominate the spotlight.  Last Friday, the Chinese government said it already has a list of 5,207 US assets, valued at $ 16 billion, ready to be used if the US moves forward with a rate hike of 10% to 25 %. Load-Date: August 6, 2018End of Document

Corporate profits cheer Wall Street but trade tensions trap gainsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishAugust 6, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 315 wordsBody       US stocks rallied higher, bolstered mainly by good quarterly trade accounts, but the trade dispute between the US and China continued to weigh in and saw more gains. The Dow Jones closed up 0.16% to 25,502.25 points and Standard & Poor's 500 advanced 0.35% to 2,850.40 points.  Nasdaq Composite gained 0.61% to settle at 7,859.68 points.  Stock exchanges on the other side of the Atlantic continued to be boosted by the robust quarterly results of its listed stock.  Of the more than 400 S & P 500 companies that have reported their accounts, 78.6% exceeded earnings projections, which is above the average of 72% in the last four quarters.  Berkshire Hathaway, of billionaire investor Warren Buffett, was among the highlights in Monday's gains, adding up to 2.34 percent (it hit the highest level since March at $ 311,805.50 per share class A], after the conglomerate announced on Saturday a 67% increase in second-quarter operating profit.  Also Facebook helped to sustain the negotiation, to value more than 4%. The technology led by Mark Zuckerberg denied information that Facebook would allow its users to access their bank statements through the social network. However, he said he is partnering with banks and credit card companies to offer online chat services between these institutions and their customers, who can also talk to their account managers.  This information made Facebook's shares gain ground as investors were pleased that the social network was strengthening its relationship with the bank to make customer service products available through Messenger.  The biggest gains on Wall Street have been trade tensions between the US and China, which continue to dominate the spotlight.  Last Friday, the Chinese government said it already has a list of 5,207 US assets, valued at $ 16 billion, ready to be used if the US moves forward with a rate hike of 10% to 25 %. Load-Date: August 6, 2018End of Document

Free Technical Briefing on Application Software Stocks -- Xunlei, Tableau Software, KeyW Holding, and SplunkPR NewswireJuly 31, 2018 Tuesday 6:30 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1561 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, July 31, 2018 BodyIf you want a free Stock Review on XNET, DATA, KEYW, and SPLK sign up now athttps://stocktraderreport.com/registration/. On Monday, July 30, 2018, with seven out of nine sectors in the red at the end of the trading sessions, US markets experienced broad based losses. Benchmark US indices were bearish at the end of yesterday's session - NASDAQ Composite down 1.39% closing at 7,630.00; the Dow Jones Industrial Average 0.57% lower, finishing at 25,306.83; and the S&P 500 ending at 2,802.60, down 0.58%. Pre-market today, StockTraderReport.com scans the performance of the following four Application Software stocks: Xunlei Ltd (NASDAQ: XNET), Tableau Software Inc. (NYSE: DATA), The KeyW Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: KEYW), and Splunk Inc. (NASDAQ: SPLK). All you have to do is sign up today for this free limited time offer by clicking the link below.https://stocktraderreport.com/registration/XunleiOn Monday, shares in China-headquartered Xunlei Ltd recorded a trading volume of 483,172 shares. The stock ended at $10.53, declining 4.36% from the last trading session. The Company's shares have gained 214.33% in the last twelve months. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 13.09%. Furthermore, shares of Xunlei, which operates an Internet platform for digital media content in China, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 38.52.On July 20th, 2018, Xunlei's subsidiary, Onething Technologies, announced that its high-performance block chain platform ThunderChain has been selected as one of the "Outstanding Entrepreneurship and Innovation Projects". The annual selection program is organized by Xinhua Net, the online news provider of Xinhua News Agency which is the official press agency of the Chinese government. ThunderChain was launched in April 2018 and is known for its high performance and scalability that can concurrently conduct over 1 million transactions per second. Get the full research report on XNET for free by clicking below at:https://stocktraderreport.com/registration/?symbol=XNETTableau SoftwareUSA-based Tableau Software Inc.'s stock finished yesterday's session 5.08% lower at $102.17. A total volume of 935,174 shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 802.97 thousand shares. The Company's shares have gained 20.13% over the previous three months, 57.55% in the last twelve months, and 47.64% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 0.30% and 21.38%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Tableau Software, which provides business analytics software products, have an RSI of 42.65.On July 11th, 2018, research firm KeyBanc Capital Markets upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Sector Weight' to 'Overweight'.On July 19th, 2018, Tableau Software announced that it has appointed Damon Fletcher as CFO. Damon has served as interim CFO since February 2018 and been with the Company since January 2014. During his tenure, he has helped architect the transition to subscription and has been instrumental in structuring enterprise license agreements to help the company expand customer relationships at scale. DATA's complimentary research coverage is a few simple steps away at:https://stocktraderreport.com/registration/?symbol=DATAKeyW HoldingAt the close of trading on Monday, shares in USA-based The KeyW Holding Corp. saw a drop of 0.56%, ending the day at $8.82. The stock recorded a trading volume of 363,359 shares. The Company's shares have advanced 13.95% in the previous three months and 50.26% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 18.74%. Moreover, shares of KeyW Holding, which together with its subsidiaries, provides engineering and technology solutions to support the collection, processing, analysis, and dissemination of information across the spectrum of the intelligence, cyber, and counterterrorism communities in the US, have an RSI of 45.29 and have a dividend yield of 0.57%.On July 17th, 2018, KeyW Holding announced that it plans to release its Q2 2018 financial results in a press release before market open on August 01st, 2018. A conference call has been scheduled on the same day at 8:00 a.m. ET to discuss these results. Management will review the Company's results and hold a question-and-answer session. The webcast may be accessed under the Investor Relations page on the Company's website. Register for your free research report on KEYW at:https://stocktraderreport.com/registration/?symbol=KEYWSplunkUSA-headquartered Splunk Inc.'s shares ended the day 5.66% lower at $95.38 with a total trading volume of 3.07 million shares, which was above their three months average of 1.80 million shares. The stock has gained 58.81% over the last twelve months and 15.14% on an YTD basis. The Company's shares are trading above their 200-day moving average by 0.90%. Additionally, shares of Splunk, which provides software solutions that enable organizations to gain real-time operational intelligence in the US and internationally, have an RSI of 32.12.On July 10th, 2018, research firm Evercore ISI downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Outperform' to 'In-line'. Stock Trader Report's downloadable research report on SPLK is available at:https://stocktraderreport.com/registration/?symbol=SPLKStock Trader Report:Stock Trader Report (STR) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. STR has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. STR has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES:The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third-party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please emailinfo@stocktraderreport.com Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by STR. STR is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.  NO WARRANTYSTR, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. STR, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, STR, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERINGThis document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither STR nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visithttps://stocktraderreport.com/privacy-policy/CONTACTFor any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly.If you're a company, we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at:Email:info@stocktraderreport.comPhone number: 917-979-2038Office Address: 22/F. 3 Lockhart Road, Wanchai Hong KongCFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/free-technical-briefing-on-application-software-stocks----xunlei-tableau-software-keyw-holding-and-splunk-300689032.htmlSOURCE Stock Trader ReportCONTACT: Tom Johnson, anewmedias@gmail.comLoad-Date: August 1, 2018End of Document

Investment Bridge Announces Investment Opinion: Bridge Report on Ferrotec Holdings Corporation Issued: Fiscal Year March 2018 Earnings ResultsBusiness WireJuly 31, 2018 Tuesday 12:30 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business EditorsLength: 663 wordsDateline: TOKYO BodyInvestment Bridge, one of Japan's leading IR services companies, has issued a "Bridge Report" on Ferrotec Holdings Corporation (JASDAQ: 6890) reviewing its earnings results for the fiscal year March 2018 and its earnings estimates for the fiscal year March 2019.*Bridge Report is an issuer-sponsored third party coverage report. Payment is made to us by the company we are covering.Therefore, we recognize Bridge Report as "a minor non-monetary benefit" under MIFID 2 regulation.To view the full report, please go to the website at the URL listed below. http://www.bridge-salon.jp/report_bridge/archives/eng/6890/20180731.htmlReport Highlights? Sales and operating income rose by 22.7% and 48.6% year-on-year respectively during fiscal year March 2018, marking the fifth consecutive year of increases in both sales and profits, and the third consecutive year that both of them hit record highs. Highly active investments for semiconductor and high levels of semiconductor manufacturing activities contributed to a strong 36.9% year-on-year increase in sales of equipment related business. At the same time, all business segments recorded increases in sales. Increases in operating losses of photovoltaic related business, arising from the booking of disposal loss on slow moving inventories, were successfully absorbed to allow continued improvement in operating income margin. A dividend payment of ¥12 per share is expected to be paid at the term end for a full year dividend payment of ¥24 including the first half dividend which was raised by ¥6 from the previous term (Dividend payout ratio of 31.1%).?Ferrotec's earnings estimates for fiscal year March 2019 call for sales and operating income to rise by 8.2% and 16.2% year-on-year respectively. These estimates are based on the outlook for 1.8% and 33.0% increases in the electronic device and equipment related businesses respectively, and a 22.6% year-on-year decline in sales of the photovoltaic related business. With regard to profit, higher overall sales, conclusion of adjustments to the photovoltaic related business, and increases in value addition of thermoelectric module application products are expected to allow operating income margin to improve a step further from 9.3% to 10.0%. The Company expects to pay ¥12 dividends per share at the end of both the first and second halves, for a full year dividend of ¥24 (Dividend payout ratio of 16.8%).?Ferrotec is expected to be able to achieve its targets of ¥100.0 and ¥10.0 billion in sales and operating income respectively in the near future due to highly aggressive capital investments in semiconductor applications within China sparked by the Chinese Government's national policy of achieving "Made In China 2025". In addition, the Company is endeavoring to establish an earnings structure that is resilient to fluctuations in capital investments by strengthening and developing consumable materials used in the production process for semiconductors, cleaning of equipment parts business, and wafer related business. At the same time, efforts are made to expand the businesses of high value added thermoelectric module application products and automobile realm, to become a second cornerstone of business in line with the semiconductor related business. Ferrotec is currently on target with its growth trajectory scenario and future developments should be watched closely.About Investment Bridge:Investment Bridge was founded in August 2000 and is one of Japan's leading independent IR support services companies. Investment Bridge specializes in providing various solutions to Japan's publicly traded companies with the goal of expanding our clients' shareholder base and liquidity through increased recognition and understanding of companies.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180731005334/en/CONTACT: Investment Bridge Co., ltdKaoru Hosakacompany@cyber-ir.co.jphttp://www.bridge-salon.jp/company_e/index.htmlhttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: August 1, 2018End of Document

Sector Update: TechMT Newswires Live BriefsAugust 24, 2018 Friday 8:27 AM ESTCopyright 2018 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 172 wordsBody Technology shares were higher in pre-market trade on Friday, with Microsoft (MSFT) down 0.1%, IBM (IBM) up 0.3%, Apple (AAPL) up 0.4%, Cisco Systems (CSCO) up 0.3% and Alphabet (GOOG) up 0.4%. In technology stocks news, Waymo, the autonomous driving unit of Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), has established a subsidiary in Shanghai called Huimo Business Consulting, signaling the technology titan's intention to expand its business presence in China, media reported.According to a National Enterprise Information Publicity System filing, Huimo has a registered capital of CNY3.5 million ($509,165). It offers business and logistics consulting as well as services related to the design and testing of self-driving car parts.On Friday, the self-driving company confirmed media reports that it set up a legal entity in China several months ago and has employees working there.The Chinese government earlier this year authorized automakers to road test their self-driving vehicles in Shanghai.Price: 1,205.38, Change: -1.95, Percent Change: -0.16Load-Date: August 25, 2018End of Document

Xunlei and Onething Technologies' ThunderChain Recognized as Outstanding Entrepreneurship and Innovation Project by Xinhua NetBusiness WireJuly 20, 2018 Friday 10:41 AM GMTCopyright 2018 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business Editors; Technology WritersLength: 388 wordsDateline: SHENZHEN, China BodyOnething Technologies, the cloud computing subsidiary of Xunlei Limited (Nasdaq:XNET) and a global leader in shared computing and blockchain, today announced that its high-performance blockchain platform ThunderChain has been selected as one of the "Outstanding Entrepreneurship and Innovation Projects". The annual selection program is organized by Xinhua Net, the online news provider of Xinhua News Agency which is the official press agency of the Chinese government.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180720005166/en/ThunderChain was recognized as an Outstanding Entrepreneurship and Innovation Project by Xinhua Net. (Photo: Business Wire)Mass entrepreneurship and innovation is a national strategy in China for economic transformation and development, in an effort to facilitate startups and innovation. The award selection of the "Outstanding Entrepreneurship and Innovation Projects" was first introduced in 2016, and is aimed to identify high-quality projects, promote mass entrepreneurship and innovation, and foster economic transformation and upgrading. This year, a large number of companies and research institutions applied for the award for achievements covering big data, blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things, smart cities and other frontier technologies. ThunderChain was awarded on the basis of its blockchain innovation and applications that can promote the development of real economy and smart society.ThunderChain was launched in April 2018 and is known for its high performance and scalability that can concurrently conduct over 1 million transactions per second (TPS). With ThunderChain, companies and individual developers can easily create large-scale blockchain applications featuring trust, openness, transparency and traceability. In July 2018, Onething Technologies unveiled ThunderChain File System (TCFS), which is based on the company's proprietary distributed technology and millions of shared computing nodes. It is built specifically for blockchain platforms including ThunderChain and other platformsView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180720005166/en/CONTACT: Onething Technologies Co., LtdJudy Shunews@onething.netWebsite: https://open.onethingcloud.com/http://www.businesswire.comGraphic ThunderChain was recognized as an Outstanding Entrepreneurship and Innovation Project by Xinhua Net. (Photo: Business Wire)Load-Date: July 21, 2018End of Document

DAILY ADVANCE: ECSU PROFS DISCUSS MOBILE APPS, TURKEY, PERSIAN NEW YEARUS Fed NewsSeptember 28, 2018 Friday 2:02 PM  ESTCopyright 2018 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 928 wordsBodyELIZABETH CITY, N.C., Sept. 28 -- Elizabeth City State University issued the following news:Technology professor, Dr. Mehran Elahi, discusses the Persian New Year during the ECSU International Week forum Wednesday, Sept. 26. The forum is part of ECSU's International Week, celebrating the diverse cultures that make up the university's faculty, staff, and students. (Photo By Michael Harrison)"Today's world is built on millennia of history, ever-mixing cultures, and a panoply of mobile apps.Today's world is built on millennia of history, ever-mixing cultures, and a panoply of mobile apps.Those were among the takeaways from Elizabeth City State University's International Forum, held Wednesday afternoon at the Gilchrist building. Part of ECSU's International Week, the forum allowed a diverse group of university professors to discuss their home countries, cultural traditions and global trends.International Week at ECSU concludes today with the annual International Fair &#38; Dinner from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. on the second floor of the Ridley Student Center.Below is a sampling of the professors' presentations during Wednesday's International Forum.Mobile Apps reach deep and wideIf Facebook users were their own country, they'd be the most populous nation on Earth, business professors Kungpo Tao and Paulette Edmunds told the audience.Tao and Edmunds shared that factoid while discussing mobile apps and global markets. They explained mobile devices are used by growing majorities of people in industrialized nations, with China holding the most device users at 775 million, followed by India at 387 million and the U.S. at 235 million. Given the U.S. is far smaller than both those countries, the 235 million represents higher market penetration, Tao noted, adding the Chinese government's tight control over its citizens' information affects the apps available to them.The most-used mobile apps worldwide are Facebook, at 1.59 billion users, followed by Yahoo! and WhatsApp, QQ and Facebook Messenger, Tao and Edmunds continued. WhatsApp is especially common in developing countries, where it enables easy communication among rural and/or poor populations, the professors and an audience member from Africa explained.The professors also noted that mobile device usage varies by age and country. Young users consider Amazon even more of a "must-have" app than Facebook, and tech-savvy South Korea and Japan rely on the devices more for messaging and gaming than any other countries.Their research even found users vary in preferred devices, with Apple's iPhones more common in developed, affluent countries versus Android devices, which may be more affordable and accessible to developing nations.To see more of Tao's and Edmunds' research, download their PowerPoint presentation attached to the online version of this story.Turkey at a crossroadsTurkey is at a crossroads today, business professor Ali Unal told the audience - not that that's a new development. What's now Turkey has always been in a heavily-traveled, strategically valuable location, Unal said. Its history and culture reflect not quite being part of Europe, Africa or Asia, he added.Modern-day Turkey today still feels the impact of controversial reforms that its founder, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, made in the early 20th century. He forced Turkey to become a modern, secular state, disrupting 1,000-year-old traditions - even changing the country's language - and sidelining Islamic authorities, Unal recounted. Cultural and religious differences have caused tensions ever since, he said, noting Turkey has faced numerous attempted and successful coups.Turkey is also struggling with declining performance of its educational system, as well as large income inequality comparable to that in the U.S., he said.Turkey is also struggling with the fallout from neighboring Syria's long, deadly civil war, Unal noted. Millions of Syrian refugees have fled to the country of 80 million, he said, likening that to a small European nation trying to move to the U.S.Despite those challenges, Unal said Turkey is a unique, beautiful country where millennia-old historical sites neighbor many modern attractions. Most tourists simply go to Istanbul, a big city worth visiting, but that's far from a complete exposure to the nation, he added.Persian New Year: Like Easter, Fourth of July and Halloween all at onceTechnology professor Mehran Elahi introduced the audience to one of the happiest times of the year in Iran: Nowruz, or the Persian New Year."Basically you can think of it as Easter, Fourth of July, New Year, Halloween all at once," Elahi said. He also noted the holiday's name has numerous valid spellings.The holiday traces its roots back to Zoroastrianism, a religion preceding Islam by thousands of years. Celebrated in Iran and other nations, it coincides with the Spring Equinox and includes many traditions and rituals to bring about a clean spirit and good fortune in the new year, he explained.Nowruz rituals include diligent spring cleaning, setting up elaborate "haft-seen" table with symbolic items and foods, jumping over fire as an act of cleansing, and gift-giving. Heralds of the holiday include the soot-covered Haji Firuz and Amu Nowruz, the latter similar to Santa Claus.Elahi noted that Nowruz ends with people celebrating outdoors - it's bad luck to stay home on the final day - and throwing away greenery, such as wheatgrass, grown for haft-seen. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: October 1, 2018End of Document

PPDAI GROUP INC. INVESTOR ALERT: Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed on behalf of investors in PPDAI Group Inc. in the New York Supreme Court, New York CountyGlobeNewswireSeptember 21, 2018 Friday 11:48 AM PTCopyright 2018 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: CLASS ACTION; LAW & LEGAL ISSUESLength: 455 wordsBodyNEW YORK, Sept.  21, 2018  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed on behalf of all persons or entities that purchased American Depositary Receipts ("ADR's") of PPDAI Group Inc. ("PPDAI" or the "Company") (NYSE:PPDF).  If you purchased ADR's of PPDAI Group Inc. directly on or subsequent to the Company's initial public offering ("IPO") on November 10, 2017, and incurred losses on your investment, please contact Wolf Haldenstein.All investors who have incurred losses in ADR's of PPDAI Group Inc. are urged to contact the firm immediately at classmember@whafh.com or (800) 575-0735 or (212) 545-4774. You may obtain additional information about the firm on our website, www.whafh.com.PPDAI Group Inc. provides consumer financing services. The Company offers online consumer financing platform and asset class consumer loan services. PPDAI Group serves clients in China.The filed complaint  concerns whether PPDAI's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in connection with the IPO contained untrue statements of material fact or omitted material information regarding PPDAI's business practices, the interest rates on loans made through PPDAI's platform, or the quality of loans made through PPDAI's platform.In late November 2017, shortly after the IPO, ADR's of PPDAI dropped significantly on concerns that the Chinese government was considering increased regulation of the peer-to-peer loan industry in order to curb usurious interest rates and other abuses.Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP has extensive experience in the prosecution of securities class actions and derivative litigation in state and federal trial and appellate courts across the country.  The firm has attorneys in various practice areas; and offices in New York, Chicago and San Diego.  The reputation and expertise of this firm in shareholder and other class litigation has been repeatedly recognized by the courts, which have appointed it to major positions in complex securities multi-district and consolidated litigation.If you wish to discuss this action or have any questions regarding your rights and interests in this potential case, please immediately contact Wolf Haldenstein by telephone at (800) 575-0735, via e-mail at classmember@whafh.com, or visit our website at www.whafh.com. ## Follow the firm and learn about newly filed cases on Twitter and Facebook. ##Contact:Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP Gregory Stone, Director of Case and Financial AnalysisEmail: gstone@whafh.com or classmember@whafh.comTel: (800) 575-0735 or (212) 545-4774Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome.Load-Date: September 22, 2018End of Document

The Worldwide Motherboard Industry (Q2 2018) - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireSeptember 20, 2018 Thursday 12:04 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business EditorsLength: 291 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "The Worldwide Motherboard Industry, 2Q 2018" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The report finds that the global motherboard industry declined slightly in the first quarter of 2018 with shipment volume of over 25 million units.The increasing stable supply of Intel's Coffee Lake, coupled with commercial replacement demand triggered by Windows 10 and the still-strong gaming demand, has bolstered the industry's year-on-year growth in the second quarter of 2018.The mining demand from China can be one of major growth driver for the industry but concerns have risen over a possible change in the Chinese government's stance towards bitcoin mining.List of Topics• Recent shipment volume quarter review of the worldwide motherboard industry for the period of 1Q 2016 - 4Q 2018• Recent shipment value quarter review with breakdowns by maker, ASP, and price point• Manufacturer shipment volume rankings and includes shipment volume by assembly level, CPU connector type, production location, shipment destination, and business type• Analyst insight on the nascent development of the industry• The content of this report is based on primary data obtained through interviews with Taiwanese motherboard makers.Companies Featured• AMD• ECS• Foxconn• Gigabyte• Intel• Jetway• Microstar• Pegatron• QCI• T&I• WistroFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/vl34b5/the_worldwide?w=4View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180920005415/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900Related Topics: Hardwarehttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: September 21, 2018End of Document

Wall Street with timid gains after warm labor dataCE Noticias Financieras EnglishAugust 3, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 194 wordsBody       US stock markets opened slightly, on a day when it was reported that the US unemployment rate fell in July to 3.9% but hiring growth slowed. The Dow Jones continues to add 0.05% to 25,340.04 points and Standard & Poor's 500 is up 0.14% to 2,831.08 points.  While the Nasdaq Composite technology gained 0.26% to 7,822.96 points.  The US job market continues to perform well, although the number of jobs has been lower than expected last month, data that helped the positive tone of the stock market opening, although without major fluctuations.  The technology index is the highest, although Apple and Tesla - which yesterday valued and infected the vast majority of the industry's share - are correcting and trading slightly lower. Compensating for these marginal declines are the gains from Amazon, Facebook and Netflix.  The escalation of tensions between the US and China continues to dominate attention and affect investor sentiment, which is driving higher gains on Wall Street.  The Chinese government already has a list of 5,207 US goods, valued at $ 16 billion, ready to be used if the US moves forward with the rate hike from 10 percent to 25 percent. Load-Date: August 3, 2018End of Document

Wuhan "Bespoke Time" Activity Helps a Dominican Fan Realize His Dream of Traveling in WuhanPR NewswireJuly 28, 2018 Saturday 4:40 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 277 wordsDateline: WUHAN, China, July 28, 2018 Body In midsummer, "Bespoke Time" activity, sponsored by the Wuhan Tourism Development Commission, came to a successful conclusion. Jaime, a fan of Wuhan from Dominican Republic, became the lucky one to win the opportunity of traveling in Wuhan. Previously, Jaime could only make "virtual tourist photos" on-line. Recently, a tour to Wuhan made Jaime feel that her dream finally become a reality, and it was so amazing. In Wuhan, Jaime visited Hubu Alley, the Yellow Crane Tower, the Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge, and other renowned scenic spots. She tasted Hot Dry Noodles, Fried Rice Buns, Rice-wine Egg Soup and other local food.Currently, the Wuhan Tourism Development Commission boasts nearly 310 thousand followers at overseas new media platforms. Wuhan "Bespoke Time" activity has registered nearly 9 million views and reached out to around 7 million global viewers. Several overseas well-traveled people and 30 home tourism bureaus and agencies have posted the activity in real-time. All these have greatly enhanced the fame of the activity, making Wuhan more visible worldwide as a place with ever-changing cityscape.In the future, the Wuhan Tourism Development Commission will make more efforts to expand overseas tourism market, and work to cater to the needs of tourists there. It will leverage on overseas new media platforms to explore new models of tourism promotion and seek to shape a superb tourism marketing brand of the Chinese government. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wuhan-bespoke-time-activity-helps-a-dominican-fan-realize-his-dream-of-traveling-in-wuhan-300688135.htmlSOURCE Wuhan Tourism Development CommitteeCONTACT: Liweiyang, 18632628080Load-Date: July 29, 2018End of Document

Trump concerned about the expansionism of China in Latin America: News of the DayCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 24, 2018 MondayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 284 wordsBody The United States is concerned about China's expansionism in Spanish America. Last Friday, after the sale of Russia to China of missiles and warplanes, the US government. UU sanctioned a Chinese military unit. The penalty includes 33 people and several related companies in the purchase of Russian arms and aircraft, penalizing a foreign entity for the first time on account of its business with Russia.  Trump is concerned about China and its historic way of negotiating with indebted countries and then keep important investments and land in those places, as it has done in Cambodia, Thailand and Myanmar.  Now, with that methodology, it takes power in Latin America. At the beginning of September, the US government UU He called the ambassadors of several countries in Central America in order to inquire about the growing business of China in the region.  And Trump has reason to worry, or at least to pay attention to China. Recall the so-called "pearl necklace of the Pacific", a geopolitical strategy of Xi Jinping that combines commercial ports with military naval bases to ensure its dominance over the Pacific.  But it is also worrying China's intention with Venezuela. Last week we saw Nicolás Maduro traveling to the Asian country, where a few months ago he was told that in the absence of payment guarantees they would no longer approve loans. However, it seems that the tyrant found how to pay them, yielding shares of major companies in key sectors. That is what is known for now.  In the News of the Day, we comment on this important issue and the role that China will play in the coming years in Venezuela.  China advances in Latin America and Trump now seems worried (PanAm Post)       Load-Date: September 24, 2018End of Document

Hainan Partners with Xiaozhu.com to Boost Rural Tourism via Home SharingPR NewswireJuly 31, 2018 Tuesday 11:00 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 624 wordsDateline: HAIKOU, China, July 31, 2018 BodyHainan, China's southernmost province has teamed up with Xiaozhu.com, China's largest home sharing platform, to boost rural tourism via home sharing according to a strategic agreement signed by Hainan provincial tourism development commission and Xiaozhu.com on July 25th.The two parties will jointly promote beautiful villages in Hainan, build village B&B (Bed and Breakfast) accommodation for poverty alleviation, and establish a B&B industry association according to the agreement. This is the first home sharing platform in strategic collaboration with Hainan after the Chinese central government announced its goal of further developing the infrastructure of Hainan to develop it into an international tourism island.Ao Liyong, deputy director of Hainan Tourism Development Commission, Zhang Xinhong; chief information officer of the State Information Center, Li Na; a partner of Yunfeng Capital, Chen Chi; co-founder and CEO of Xiaozhu.com; and Wang Liantao, co-founder and COO of Xiaozhu.com, attended the press conference.Ao Liyong, deputy director of Hainan Provincial Tourism Development Commission, said Hainan attaches great importance on the development of village tourism. There are about 516 rural tourist sites across the island, bringing about 1.75 billion yuan in revenue in the first half of this year, up 14.2 percent year on year according to Ao.Zhang Xinhong, chief information officer of the State Information Center, said the sharing economy creates a historic opportunity for China's economic development and is a great example of China leading global innovation in the mobile Internet era. In 2018, Chinese sharing economy companies clearly increased their competitiveness globally, and both central and local policies provided unprecedented support to the sharing economy, playing a positive role in leading innovation and poverty alleviation. The expansion of house sharing in villages is driving the emergence of village B&Bs and tourism and is expected to become an important driver of village rejuvenation. Zhang Xinhong said the sharing economy model breaks geographical boundary and connects resources in villages and cities.Hainan Tourism B&B Association was established at the press conference with Wang Liantao, co-founder and COO of Xiaozhu.com, acting as president and Hainan Tourism Development Commission acting as the supervisor. The association is committed to regulating the development of the B&B industry in Hainan, establishing a mechanism for police-citizen interaction, solving problems in B&B operations, improving the industry's service level and driving competition.Wang Liantao claimed that Xiaozhu participates in China's village rejuvenation strategy by developing village B&B products. After six years of development, Xiaozhu has built a complete eco-chain and service system, connecting smart and IoT devices. Next, Xiaozhu will build a hand-on classroom for home-sharing entrepreneurship in Hainan's villages, providing better solutions for B&B entrepreneurs and operators.Xiaozhu.com has over 420,000 house listings in 652 cities across the world and over 35 million active users. In last November, Xiaozhu raised $120 million in a new round of financing led by Yunfeng Capital. In the first half of 2018, Xiaozhu reached strategic collaboration with Fliggy, the tourism brand of Alibaba Group, and agoda, the online booking platform under Booking Holdings. According to a data report the Xiaozhu released earlier this month, the platform now has over 30,000 village B&Bs. Each village B&B averagely creates 6 local jobs. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hainan-partners-with-xiaozhucom-to-boost-rural-tourism-via-home-sharing-300689079.htmlSOURCE Xiaozhu.comCONTACT: Panlan Shi, 86-10-82482710, shipanlan@xiaozhu.comLoad-Date: August 1, 2018End of Document

DEPARTMENT OF STATE: PRESS BRIEFING - SEPTEMBER 13, 2018States News ServiceSeptember 13, 2018 ThursdayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 14587 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, D.C. BodyThe following information was released by the U.S. Department of State:Index for Today's Briefing:PHILIPPINES/REGIONAFGHANISTAN/INDIADEPARTMENTBURMAMIDDLE EAST PEACEIRAQCHINASAUDI ARABIA/YEMENINDIA/PAKISTANIRANAFGHANISTANDEPARTMENTCUBADEPARTMENT/ICCHeather NauertSpokespersonDepartment Press BriefingTRANSCRIPT:3:08 p.m. EDTMS NAUERT: Hi, everybody. How you doing?QUESTION: Good, thank you.MS NAUERT: Good. A couple announcements to start out with today, as we take a look at all of the news that so many of the cable networks in particular are covering covering Hurricane Florence. I'd like to draw your attention and remind folks that the State Department is tracking storms around the world. We are closely watching Super Typhoon Mangkhut, which is expected to impact parts of the Philippines, Hong Kong, Macau, and mainland China later this week. The safety and security of U.S. citizens overseas is one of our highest priorities, and we strongly encourage citizens in those affected areas to follow instructions provided by local authorities and also enroll in our STEP program, the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program, at step.state.gov. That way they can receive important emergency information. And also follow us on Twitter, @travel.gov, and Facebook for additional updates. As the super typhoon moves across the region, we'll provide information to U.S. citizens in the area through alerts, our embassy and consulate websites, and also travel.state.gov. We urge U.S. citizens in the impacted areas who are safe to contact their loved ones directly and/or update their social media status. If you are in an emergency situation, please contact local authorities in that emergency situation.Next, as you all know, the Secretary was just in India last week, and so this is sort of the perfect thing to bring you today. The United States, Afghanistan, and India held the second annual joint trade and investment show in Mumbai yesterday. That was in order to strengthen regional economic ties and showcase Afghanistan's products and also investment opportunities. More than 2,000 Afghan, Indian, and international businesses participating, and on the first day alone more than $160 million in agreements were signed, many of those which will support U.S. and Afghan jobs along the supply chain. For example, this year's show included an agreement between Afghanistan's Bayat Group and Siemens for the provision of turbines produced here in the United States that will support 60 to 70 U.S. jobs in Houston and also provide power to northern Afghanistan to support the local economy, increase stability, and promote self-sufficiency. That event is sponsored by USAID and will continue through Saturday.Next, let's go back in history a little bit to 1945, and that's when Senator William Fulbright introduced a bill in the United States Congress that called for the use of surplus war property to fund the promotion of international goodwill through the exchange of students in the fields of education, culture, and also science. It's the Fulbright Program, as we know it today. Today that is America's flagship academic exchange program, and we have Fulbright partnerships with more than 160 countries. That allows thousands of American and foreign students and scholars to participate in academic exchanges. 2018 marks the 70th anniversary of the United States-United Kingdom Fulbright Program. Our Assistant Secretary for Education and Cultural Affairs Marie Royce announced at the House of Commons a new Fulbright public-private partnership between the Smithsonian Institution and the U.S.-UK Fulbright Commission to exchange scholars who will focus on health issues. The UK also announced an increase in funding for the exchange from 600,000 to 1 million. So happy 70th anniversary to the United States and the United Kingdom Fulbright Program and thank you for strengthening our public diplomacy.Last thing and this is something we've been waiting for for a while and are really excited to bring you and I'd like to congratulate our newest career ambassadors. They have been nominated a while ago, but just this afternoon the White House signed off on it, and we just received this news.The Senate confirmed them today, and the President conferred the personnel rank of career ambassador to four of our colleagues: our Under Secretary for Political Affairs David Hale; Michele Sison, our ambassador to Haiti; Daniel Smith, our assistant secretary for the Bureau of Intelligence and Research; and Philip Goldberg, our charge in Havana.This is the highest rank that a Foreign Service officer can attain, and we could not be happier to announce this news today. We are also pleased to announce that eight more members of our ambassadorial team were confirmed by the Senate and look forward to leading their embassies. I'll have their names and their posts in just a second.Randy Berry is the first. He will become our next ambassador to Nepal and will succeed Alaina Teplitz, who will assume charge of our U.S. missions to Sri Lanka and also the Maldives. Donald Lu will become the next chief of mission in Kyrgyzstan. And then turning from South and Central Asia to Africa, Michael Hammer will become the next U.S. ambassador to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Stephanie Sullivan will be our chief of mission in Ghana, Derek Hogan we love Derek (laughter) a friend of ours. We traveled together; some of you may have met Derek on the plane. Derek will become our next U.S. ambassador to Moldova, Phil Kosnett will become our next U.S. ambassador to Kosovo, while Judy Reinke will become our chief of mission in Montenegro. Congratulations to all of you.These distinguished leaders join the top ranks of our leadership team and thousands of others across the State Department, all of whom are hard at work to execute our diplomatic and national security missions across the globe on behalf of the United States.And last thing, on a personal note: My colleague, Susan Stevenson, who was our acting assistant secretary for Public Affairs she was also the acting R, the under secretary for Public Affairs and Public Diplomacy for quite some time she was just nominated today to be the ambassador of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea. So congratulations to you, too, Susan, and we look forward to celebrating with you with I think some of Admiral Kirby's leftover Yuengling beer that's been hanging out for the past year and a half in the back of the fridge.QUESTION: Ew. (Laughter.)QUESTION: That beer's been left that's pretty old beer. It's probably skunked by now. (Laughter.)MS NAUERT: If we can get anything better for you, Susan, in short order, we certainly will. With that, I'd be happy to take your questions.QUESTION: Thanks, Heather. I want to start today with something you'll probably find a little bit unusual.MS NAUERT: Okay.QUESTION: But that's with a thank you. You have you're one of the few people in this administration at least with a public who appears publicly to have consistently emphasized the importance of free press and democracies and talked about how important it is for journalists to be protected in what they do. And with that in mind, I'd like to know if you have anything to say about the rather surprising comments that Aung San Suu Kyi made about the two Reuters reporters in Myanmar and also her more broadly, her comments about how comments in defense of the Burmese military.MS NAUERT: Right. Well, Matt, you'll recall, many of you will recall, we went to Burma with Secretary Tillerson last year. You may recall when Secretary Pompeo was at ASEAN about a month ago that this was an issue that he directly raised with his counterpart. The situation with the two Reuters reporters, we've consistently raised that issue with the Government of Burma over the past year or so since they had been since they had been detained.Something that we don't talk a lot about, however, is the fact that our embassy has remained very involved in monitoring the case of both of those reporters, in appearing at their court cases and so forth, and offering any support that we can certainly provide.We are certainly aware of Aung San Suu Kyi's comments about the reporters. We are deeply disappointed by the verdict that convicted the journalists Wa Lone and also KyawSoeOo. We will continue to advocate at all levels of the U.S. Government for their immediate and their unconditional release. That verdict calls into question press freedom in Burma.When I was there, I had the opportunity to have a roundtable discussion with a surprising number of journalists who had discussed with me the impact of government officials putting pressure on them to not report certain things and to report other things. We continue to call upon the Government of Burma to protect the freedom of expression, which is an essential pillar of democracy.The fact that those journalists were convicted despite testimony by police that they were ordered to frame those two reporters that, in our view, raises serious concerns about the judicial independence and the fair trial guarantees that they are supposed to have in that country. We believe it harms public confidence in the justice system and the rule of law in Burma. We continue to urge the Government of Burma to take action immediately to correct this injustice.QUESTION: Right. And you say you're aware of Suu Kyi's comments, but you don't have anything specific to say about them or about her broader defense of the Burmese military and judicial system?MS NAUERT: Well, Matt, I think I can continue to say the journalists should, without a doubt, be released. We will continue to raise that their cases at the highest level of that government. We've done that consistently within this administration, including the Vice President, who has spoken out about this issue as well.We obviously disagree with many of the comments that she made. This is an issue of importance to us. We will continue working with our partners and allies to explore options to ensure justice for the victims of what has happened in the Rakhine State. And as you all know, the United States Government has been at the forefront of providing humanitarian assistance to Rohingya refugees. More than 700,000 of them, if not 800- or more thousand or more, have been forced to go into neighboring Bangladesh. Bangladesh has welcomed them and providing them with camps not the ideal place for anyone to be, of course, but nevertheless Bangladesh has done that, and the United States has offered financial support and humanitarian aid to those Rohingya not only in Bangladesh but also some who are in IDP camps in Burma as well.Okay.QUESTION: Thank you.QUESTION: Two questions --MS NAUERT: Yeah, go ahead, Lesley.QUESTION: -- if I may follow-up about my colleagues. The one is: Has the Secretary or any other senior official at the State Department reached out to Aung San Suu Kyi about her remarks?MS NAUERT: About her remarks in the last 24 hours?QUESTION: In the last 24 hours.MS NAUERT: Not that I am aware of. I can tell you we've raised it at the highest levels in the past. I can check with our embassy to see if we have anything additional. As you well know, a lot of times it is our embassy that may be taking the lead on some of these matters. If I have anything additional for you, I'll bring it to you.QUESTION: And then has the Secretary made is he any closer to making some determination on what the UN called a genocidal event, I think it was?MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: Please don't quote me on that one, but basically pointed to the possibility of genocide.MS NAUERT: Yeah. And as you all know, this is one of the most important duties that a Secretary of State has in making that determination. It's a legal determination that's very complex and complicated and takes quite a bit of time to make sure you've gone through all the details and the information.The Secretary will determine whether and to what extent he decides to publicize his final report on that. When I have that report to bring to you, I'll certainly let you know.Okay. Said, let me come back to you in just a second. Actually, go right ahead. Yeah.QUESTION: Thank you. I appreciate it. Today marks the 25th anniversary of the signing of the Oslo Accords in the White House, and on this occasion I wanted to ask you whether you are it was premised on a two-state solution ultimately. Are you still committed to the two-state solution, Israel and Palestine living side-by-side?MS NAUERT: Yeah, and we've talked about this quite a bit before, and it's certainly a priority of Jason Greenblatt and Jared Kushner.QUESTION: Right.MS NAUERT: The President has said consistently that he supports a solution that both parties can work with, recognizing that both parties will have to compromise in order to come to some sort of an agreement. So we support whatever both sides can work can come to an agreement on.QUESTION: Yes, but they have negotiated for a quarter of a century on this issue, and it was premised on a two-state solution. I'm just asking you whether you are still committed to that.MS NAUERT: Yeah. Our policy has not changed. We also understand that we can't force it. Both sides will have to sit down and have direct negotiations and conversations.QUESTION: And one other thing regarding the tweet that was, I think, made by Mr. Jason Greenblatt about we are about to roll out a peace proposal of some sort. I'm just saying that with all these measures that have been taking week after week after week in the last 12 weeks, I mean, all sticks and no carrots, so to speak, how are you trying to reach out to the hearts and minds of the Palestinian people, ordinary Palestinians who you would need to reach out to if you are going to bypass the leadership that seems to be so obstinate?MS NAUERT: I think my answer would go back to your previous question or your assertion that this has been going on, the conflict has been going on, the disagreements have been going on for 70 years a very, very long time. Nothing has worked despite the U.S. Government and other governments' best efforts, right? Nothing has worked thus far.This administration has determined that it desires to take a different kind of approach in encouraging two sides to sit down and have that conversation. It's something we'll not back away from, recognizing that it's certainly not going to be easy. We've seen that. But we remain committed to that. When the peace plan is ready and when they are ready to unveil it, we'd be happy to bring that to you, yes.QUESTION: You will be able to reach out to ordinary Palestinians, to continue to have contact with them, help them in sort of getting the proper medical care, proper schools, and so on? Will you continue to do that?MS NAUERT: We certainly hope so, and we're having conversations with governments in the region about alternative ways that the U.S. Government could help facilitate some of those things that you mention health care and education, medical services.QUESTION: A follow-up?MS NAUERT: Yes.QUESTION: I'm sorry, how exactly is the administration encouraging the Palestinians to come back to the table?MS NAUERT: Well, Matt, recognizing --QUESTION: By shuttering their office here, by cutting off aid to UNRWA, by cutting off aid to the hospital networks, by cutting the aid to the West Bank and Gaza --MS NAUERT: Determining that there needs to be a different --QUESTION: -- by recognizing Jerusalem as --MS NAUERT: Matt, there needs to be a different kind of approach. Nothing has worked. For far longer than you and I have been alive, right, nothing has worked thus far. So we're trying a different approach, seeing if this is going to work. We are committed to it. We have people on the ground who are working to this effort each and every day and we remain optimistic and committed to working on this.QUESTION: (Off-mike.)MS NAUERT: Okay, hold on. Hi.QUESTION: Because we're hearing different point of view. Is the peace plan not ready or is it ready but you're not ready to unveil it?MS NAUERT: Not ready to unveil it just yet. Anything more specific I'll have to get an update for you from the offices handling this issue most more closely.Hey, Barbara.QUESTION: Just very quickly, there's an Israeli newspaper reporting that Mr. Trump has offered to give the Palestinians $5 billion in aid if they come back to the peace talks. Have you heard anything about that?MS NAUERT: Inaccurate. Inaccurate.QUESTION: It's a it's false?MS NAUERT: It's not a correct story, yeah.QUESTION: So are they going to get anything?MS NAUERT: I'm not aware of any amount of money that is being offered to return to the peace table.QUESTION: So there's no so there's no at least financial incentive for them to come back thus --MS NAUERT: That is my understanding, not only that that report is --QUESTION: Is that's part of the encouraging plan, right?MS NAUERT: Pardon me?QUESTION: That's part of the encouragement?MS NAUERT: I can just tell you that that report is inaccurate.QUESTION: They get nothing.MS NAUERT: That report is inaccurate.QUESTION: Are you saying the peace deal is ready, it's you're just waiting to present it at a at a time --MS NAUERT: We will unveil it when we are ready to unveil it, and I'll just leave it at that for right now.QUESTION: Afghanistan.MS NAUERT: Hey, Laurie.QUESTION: Hi. In Iraq, both Ayatollah Sistani and Moqtada al-Sadr have come out in opposition to a second term for Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi. Do you think it would be it might be a good idea if he stepped aside?MS NAUERT: Laurie, that's something that we wouldn't get involved with in calling for that at this time. That would be an internal Iraqi matter that the Iraqis would have to figure out.QUESTION: Well how about this question, then: Neither of the two blocs one is kind of neutral or pro-American, the other is pro-Iranian has the seats to form the next government, and the Kurds control a bloc of seats that is likely to be decisive. Do you think making concessions to the Kurds in order to encourage them to support your side would be a good idea? Because the other side will make those concessions and then you'll lose Iraq.MS NAUERT: Yeah, Laurie, again, we support Iraq's democratic progress that they have made and their democratic process, recognizing that it is a sovereign government. We support Iraq's efforts to form a moderate, sovereign Iraqi government pursuant to the constitutional timeline that's responsive to the aspirations of the Iraqi people.QUESTION: But you don't contest my view of the importance of the Kurdish bloc?MS NAUERT: Of course that is important. All Iraqis are important, and that's why we talk about a sovereign Iraq and we think that Iraqis will be able to figure this out very well on their own.QUESTION: Thank you.QUESTION: Afghanistan.QUESTION: India.MS NAUERT: Okay. Okay. Go ahead.QUESTION: Hi. Quick question on China. So President Trump has recently signed the John McCain National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2019 in which so it's law now in which there are language to restrict U.S. Government's procurement of Chinese telecommunication service and equipment. My question for you is how does that impact State Department's guidelines to embassies and consulates in their procurement process?MS NAUERT: Oh, goodness. You're asking me about the procurement process. I think you have to be a lawyer in order to handle that one. I'll have to look into that and get you an answer from our folks who are working on that issue.QUESTION: Yemen. Yemen.QUESTION: Does the U.S. have a opinion on does the United States has a opinion on U.S. allies' reliance on Chinese telecommunication equipment and service?MS NAUERT: I would just hesitate to answer that. I'd like to get some more information from our experts who work on those technical issues and get you an answer on that later.QUESTION: Yemen. Yemen.MS NAUERT: Yeah, go right ahead.QUESTION: India.MS NAUERT: And then we'll come back to you. Hi.QUESTION: Just in terms of the certification yesterday on Yemen, the report mentioned a number of things it said that the coalition was doing, but they were sort of like technical things like getting training and drawing up no-strike lists and acknowledged that there were still way too many casualties civilians being killed. And I know that there is concern after the UN report that the Americans maybe could be implicated in war crimes if some of these strikes are found to be war crimes. Was the feeling here with that certification that you're covering your bases in terms of any culpability for civilian casualties?MS NAUERT: Well, first, let me start out with this with mentioning this: The NDAA required the Secretary to make a determination on the actions of the Saudi-led coalition operating in and around Yemen. The Secretary, in line with 1290 section 1290 of the NDAA certified that Saudi Arabia and the UAE are supporting diplomatic efforts to end the civil war there. There are three things that the NDAA required. It did not require perfection on the part of the coalition's actions. It stipulated making concerted efforts in three key areas: diplomatic efforts to end the civil war we see that going forward and strong efforts on the part of the Saudis and the Emiratis to push forward with a diplomatic solution; also taking measures to alleviate the humanitarian crisis.The governments have contributed significant amounts of money to that end and I can detail a few of those, but also refer you back to their governments for more information on that. Next, agreeing to undertake actions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and also civilian infrastructure. We see those governments and the coalition taking steps and listening to the concerns of the U.S. Government. Those concerns have been expressed on the part of Secretary Pompeo, Secretary Mattis, and I would imagine others in high positions within the U.S. Government.We see them taking steps. Is it perfect? No, absolutely not. Do we see them doing what they can to mitigate civilian casualties? Absolutely, we do. That's something that the U.S. Government takes very seriously, as you hear the Pentagon speak about that with regard to its own actions that it takes around the world, doing everything that it can to mitigate civilian casualties. So the Secretary made his determination and sent that information up to Capitol Hill.QUESTION: Senator Shaheen said that the legislation had established firm benchmarks on avoiding civilian casualties before a certification could be made, and the coalition clearly hadn't met these benchmarks. So she's saying that even though they weren't expecting perfection, the Secretary chose different benchmarks basically. Do you have a response to that?MS NAUERT: I would disagree with that. Some of the information would be classified, so it'd be limited in terms of the scope of what I can say. But I can tell you that they have been working to reduce civilian casualties. The U.S. Government has found them, meaning the coalition, to be receptive to our concerns. They have taken our advice, they've admitted to making errors. The coalition announced that it is reviewing its rules of engagement. We think that that is something that is important. They will hold the coalition has pledged to hold those at fault accountable for their actions in terms of those civilian casualties. They've also pledged to compensate the victims of those strikes that tragically did kill civilians. So we're seeing them make some good-faith efforts and we're continuing to have conversations with the government about that.QUESTION: (Off-mike.)QUESTION: Heather --MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: -- the reaction to this certification from the Hill and from human rights groups, from aid agencies I mean, they're pretty damning. I mean, charade, charade, farce I think senator Oxfam or someone said that he was lying to Congress. Other members of Congress said that this made a mockery of their requirements that were in the NDAA. So how do you square that reaction with the certification? What's your response to that kind of a that response, which is pretty harsh?MS NAUERT: Well, first I would say they're taking steps in the view of the U.S. Government and this administration in the right direction. I understand certainly the concerns of aid groups. Our Deputy Secretary Sullivan has been meeting consistently with some of the aid groups who are operating in the region and providing assistance to those in Yemen. In fact, he had a meeting with them just today, and I can provide you a bit of a readout on that meeting he had with some of those humanitarian groups. Our Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan and USAID Administrator Mark Green met it was actually yesterday, not today with international and NGO groups to discuss the humanitarian situation in Yemen and to brief the group on the Secretary's certification to Congress under section 1290 of the John McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. They discussed recent efforts by the United Nations Special Envoy to Yemen Martin Griffiths to bring the Republic of Yemen Government and Houthi representatives to Geneva for consultations.The deputy secretary reiterated the administration's full support of the UN-led political process and stressed that there is no military solution to this conflict. The deputy secretary and the administrator discussed the importance of all parties continuing to support the UN special envoy; avoiding further escalation of the conflict, including Hodeidah; coordinating efforts to address Yemen's economic and humanitarian situation; and committing to a process to reach a comprehensive political agreement that will bring peace, prosperity, and security to Yemen. Participants expressed their concern about escalating violence in Hodeidah and also noted the continuing dynamic of desperation in Yemen.It necessitates measures that would yield tangible results and a sense of improvement. The deputy secretary thanked the NGOs for their continuing cooperation and the frank dialogue that they had. He reaffirmed the United States' concern about the risk of harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure, particularly of a humanitarian nature. He said the United States will continue to call on all parties to respect the law of armed conflict, take feasible precautions to avoid harm to civilians, and conduct a thorough and transparent investigation into alleged violations. I would be happy to send that out to you after the briefing.QUESTION: Yeah, could you? And could you also could you did they accept the certification? Did these would you say that these aid groups welcomed the Secretary's determination that the coalition is doing everything or doing enough?MS NAUERT: I would say that we would have access to different kinds of information than some of the NGOs on the ground. They do some incredible work, these NGOs, and I can tell you we were pleased to have them in to the State Department. It was a frank discussion, of course, as you can imagine it would, but here is the readout that I was just able to provide for you.QUESTION: (Off-mike.)MS NAUERT: Unfortunately, I wasn't in the room. I wish I had been in that meeting.QUESTION: (Inaudible.) Thank you.QUESTION: (Off-mike.)MS NAUERT: Okay. Next next question. Cindy, go right ahead.QUESTION: Just to follow up, can you provide any more information about what exactly the Saudi-led coalition what steps they're taking?MS NAUERT: Yeah, and I think this is something that Secretary Mattis had addressed not that long ago, and so, in fact, the Department of Defense is better positioned to be able to discuss some of the activities of the coalition and some of the direct things that they are doing. So let me just read a portion of this for you. Pardon me, I have to grab my glasses. Secretary Mattis said about a week and a half ago, For the last several years we've been working with the Saudis and Emiratis doing what we can to reduce any chance of innocent people being injured or killed. We recognize that we are watching a war in which the Houthi-led effort involves launching weapons out of residential areas into Saudi Arabia.We recognize the complexity of this. At no time have we felt rebuffed or ignored when we bring concerns to them, meaning the coalition. The training that we have given them we know has paid off. He goes on to say, We recognize every mistake like this is tragic in every way, but we have not seen any callous disregard by the people we are working with. We continue to work with them and to reduce this kind of tragedy.This is something that the United States Government takes seriously. I understand that some NGOs, some folks on the Hill are perhaps angry and frustrated with the decision, but I can tell you we took a very careful and close look at the information, some of which is classified, and the Secretary made his determination. Okay?QUESTION: Syria.MS NAUERT: Okay, go right ahead.QUESTION: (Inaudible) Syria.MS NAUERT: Hi.QUESTION: Thank you, madam. Two questions, please. One, before heading to India for 2+2, Secretary was in Pakistan meeting and greeting civilian government and the military officials, including Prime Minister Imran Khan. What I'm asking you is that was Secretary carrying any messages for the Pakistani or Indian prime minister from the President?MS NAUERT: Did he have any particular messages?QUESTION: Right.MS NAUERT: For both of them from President Trump? That's your question?QUESTION: Right. Yes, ma'am.MS NAUERT: We certainly had lots of messages that we brought. India is a very close friend of the United States. We have among the strongest people-to-people ties. I think there are more than three million Indian Americans living here in the United States, so that was certainly part of the meetings and the conversations. COMCASA was something that was signed between the Department of Defense and also the ministry of defense in India, and that was something important that had been a long a long time in the making. So we were pleased to have signed that with the Indian Government because that not only supports jobs but also supports better military-to-military cooperation. They also agreed to doing more work on the military-to-military front. So that was part of the conversation but also to go over there and thank the new government for our strong friendship that we have.In terms of Pakistan, the Secretary had some meaningful and important meetings with the new government, looking forward to forging a relationship with that new government, recognizing that there are, of course, some tensions and some areas where we or the government can work harder. And so those were the types of meetings that we had and we were pleased to have gone.Short trip, but nevertheless an important trip.QUESTION: And second --MS NAUERT: Let me just move on because I want to --QUESTION: Second question, please.MS NAUERT: I want to be able to hit everybody in the room, so Rich, go right go right ahead.QUESTION: Heather, really quick. Yesterday secretary former Secretary Kerry acknowledged that he's spoken with Foreign Minister Zarif after he's left office. Does the current Secretary, Secretary Pompeo, does he have thoughts on that and does he believe that that is potentially countering this administration's policy?MS NAUERT: Yeah, so let me let me start with this. I've seen former Secretary Kerry do rounds on the talk shows and talking with the press in terms of print and also radio. I've seen him brag about the meetings that he has had with the Iranian Government and Iranian Government officials. And I've also seen reports that he is apparently providing, according to reports, advice to the Iranian Government. I think probably the best advice that he should be giving the Iranian Government is stop supporting terror groups around the world, stop supporting Hizballah.We were just talking about the Saudi-led coalition and activities that it is undertaking in Yemen, and we see the Iranian Government offering help, expertise, money, material to the Houthi rebels in Yemen that is causing so much misery in that country. We see them meaning Shia militias trying to kill U.S. service members in places like Iraq. We see them launching attacks on some of our partners. If anything, we should he should be calling on the Iranian Government to stop spending money on all this adventurism and terrorism around the world and start spending their money on their own people, as we have seen so many Iranian people express their serious concerns about this kind of military adventurism.QUESTION: Heather, just on that.MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: One of your colleagues, Assistant Secretary Singh, was on the Hill earlier today and was asked a very similar question about this by Representative Zeldin. And she said in response to his question, which and his question suggested that former Secretary Kerry was going to do backdoor diplomacy here to thwart the will of this new administration. She said Assistant Secretary Singh said, It's unfortunate if people from a past administration would try to compromise the progress [that] we are trying to make in this administration. And then she said she didn't have personal knowledge of the meetings that Secretary Kerry is talking former Secretary Kerry is talking about, but if that is happening again, she said, quote, I would find it very inappropriate.Are those her personal feelings about this, or is that the position of this Secretary and the State Department that --MS NAUERT: I have not spoken to Assistant Secretary Singh. She may still, in fact, be on the Hill at this hour, so I have not yet consulted with her on some of those remarks. But I think I just laid out concerns that we would have in offering advice to the Iranian Government. If someone is going to have conversations with the Iranian Government, let's make them productive conversations. Let's make them about how the President sees the activities of the Iranian Government.This administration no longer looks at the Iranian Government just through the narrow scope of the JCPOA, the nuclear deal. We look at the totality of Iran's bad actions around the world in fomenting terror and causing so much misery around the globe, including misery in their own country.QUESTION: Okay. Well, I think the former administration would disagree that it only focused on the JCPOA.MS NAUERT: Okay.QUESTION: But regardless, I'm just trying to find out whether or not Secretary Pompeo, who is the current Secretary of State, has any problems or plans to raise any concerns about this with his predecessor, former Secretary Kerry.MS NAUERT: I have not asked him that question --QUESTION: Okay.MS NAUERT: -- but I will be sure to do so, certainly.QUESTION: Thank you.QUESTION: Afghanistan?QUESTION: (Off-mike.)MS NAUERT: Okay, okay. Hey, Nazira. How are you?QUESTION: Good, thank you very much. Heather, as you mentioned, a lot of achievement from Indians regarding Afghanistan, it's good things. But unfortunately, the security is bad in Afghanistan. We have the day before yesterday, almost 200 people have been killed and injured. Based on this situation, still United States generally you are optimistic about the peace process with the Taliban? What do you think?MS NAUERT: Well, it's a long road, right? We have a new military commander in Scott Miller, who's over there. We have a lot of respect and hope for the work that he will be engaging in. Ultimately, this is going to become a conversation or will be a conversation between the Afghan Government and also the Taliban. The United States Government stands ready to assist, to facilitate, but this has to be an Afghan-led, Afghan-owned peace process.Things have been very, very difficult in Afghanistan lately. As you well know, Nazira, since you're from Afghanistan, you know the terror acts that have taken place there recently. We continue to stand by the people of Afghanistan, who have been so brave and have lived through so much over many decades where they've had to live through terrorism. But this ultimately has to become be Afghan-led, Afghan-owned.Okay? And we're going to have to wrap it up pretty shortly. Hey, Michelle.QUESTION: Heather, just two quick questions.MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: This week, some Democrats in Congress sent a letter to the State Department criticizing State and a particular deputy assistant secretary for not calling out racism and xenophobia in international fora, and they demanded that he be made available to answer questions to their staffs. Does the State Department plan on doing that?MS NAUERT: Michelle, I don't have any information for you on that. I can tell you that allegations of racism, political retribution, anything of that sort, is not something that the Secretary tolerates. It's not an accepted practice here at the State Department. Anyone who has any issues or concerns, I would encourage them to contact our Office of Civil Rights, raise those concerns. We have internal mechanisms here at the State Department to handle those types of issues and concerns. In fact, the State Department has more offices, more avenues in which people can express their concerns about those allegations than other federal departments do in the United States Government.QUESTION: Okay. And yesterday, the author of a preliminary GAO report on the State Department's response to the attacks in Cuba took issue with State's explanation for what went wrong in communication. He called it unsatisfactory, saying that there was genuine confusion, a lack of clarity in the department's policy; some but not all State employees that were involved even knew of the existence of this office that they were supposed to report it to.MS NAUERT: I'm sorry, in which office?QUESTION: In the office that was supposed to call for the creation of an Accountability Review Board. So they didn't there were people who didn't even know that that office existed and that there were communications issues across the board at the State Department. So he disputed the State's explanation.MS NAUERT: Yeah. We conducted let me just pause you there. We pulled together an ARB, an Accountability Review Board. The Accountability Review Board released its report to Capitol Hill about two weeks ago or so --QUESTION: Right, right.MS NAUERT: -- acknowledging that there were some things that certainly could have been done better. I think any time you have a tragedy, anytime you have a crisis, anytime you have a medical situation and let me remind folks that with regard to our Cuba situation, we still don't know the cause, we still don't know what or who is responsible for health attacks that took place that affected our personnel in Cuba. We still don't know what is responsible despite the interagency efforts and investigations that are still underway today.So we are working to try to provide the best of care that we can to our personnel. We have not only the Accountability Review Board, but we also have a task force that meets regularly, that meets I think Robert goes to those meetings just about every day. We remain very busy, very engaged in this and take this situation extremely seriously.QUESTION: But on --QUESTION: But the question was --MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: -- this all the explanation for the problems that the State Department gives to this day, the author of this report takes issue with and calls that explanation unsatisfactory. So, I mean, from the podium, do you feel like these issues and how these things are handled --MS NAUERT: I think you're raising a lot of issues that I can't get into in totality, issues in a very detailed and complex report. So I'm not going to comment broadly on something that I don't have all the specific details on in front of me.QUESTION: Can you just talk about the meeting today with the Cubans?MS NAUERT: Yes, yes. So as some of you may be aware, some officials from the Cuban Government are here at the State Department today. I believe at this hour it's still ongoing; there's a briefing taking place between some of our colleagues from our various bureaus that are involved in this very issue that Michelle and I were just talking about. They're having meetings with the Cuban Government to discuss some of the medical issues that our people have experienced.I will not have a readout for you coming out of that meeting. That is something that involves the private medical information that is coming forth from some of our people, but I can confirm there is a meeting taking place here at the State Department.QUESTION: Does that mean that the Cubans, who have complained in the past that you refused to give them that some of that private medical information, does that mean that you've now agreed to give them what --MS NAUERT: I'm not exactly certain what information will be provided to them, but I won't be able to provide that to you publicly. There may be some information --QUESTION: No, no, no okay.MS NAUERT: -- that we are sharing with the Government of Cuba about what our people have been experiencing.QUESTION: More than what they had what had been shared in the past?MS NAUERT: I'm not aware of the specifics of that. I can just tell you that our medical professionals and some of our experts on this area are meeting with Cuban officials at this hour.QUESTION: Can I get you on one last thing?MS NAUERT: Sure.QUESTION: And that is something we talked about a little bit yesterday.MS NAUERT: Okay. Then we have to wrap.QUESTION: That was yeah. So I did finally get an answer to the question, my question about where the administration thinks it might get the authority to issue to impose sanctions on ICC employees, and that was the IEEPA. But even former Republican legal counselors in this building one of whom worked with Ambassador Bolton himself are very dubious that that could that IEEPA, which means that there has to be a national emergency declared with respect to security issues, could be used for that sanctions. But assuming that this administration thinks it can make the argument for that, I still I don't have an answer to the question of where Ambassador Bolton and the administration thinks that it would get authority to prosecute ICC employees in U.S. courts. The it seems to me that that would smack of the same kind of universal jurisdiction that Ambassador Bolton is so un-fond of.MS NAUERT: I would say some of this is hypothetical. So Ambassador Bolton's speech spoke of options that we could take if the ICC were to choose to prosecute or investigate some U.S. service members. So it was simply an option that Ambassador Bolton highlighted.QUESTION: So it's not definitive. It's not so --MS NAUERT: I would hesitate to --QUESTION: -- you're walking back what the ambassador said?MS NAUERT: No. I would hesitate to speak for Ambassador Bolton on this very issue, but I can just tell you that it is an option that the U.S. Government could explore if the ICC were to go down that road and attempt to prosecute or investigate our U.S. service members.QUESTION: Okay. Does that go for both sanctions and/or prosecution in U.S. courts? Is it --MS NAUERT: You know we typically don't comment on possible specific sanctions or prosecutions.QUESTION: Okay. So it's not a definite; it's just a possibility?MS NAUERT: That's what it seems to me.QUESTION: Okay.MS NAUERT: But I would also ask you to speak with Ambassador Bolton's office --QUESTION: Will do.MS NAUERT: -- for any more clarity on that.QUESTION: Thank you.MS NAUERT: Okay. We've got to --QUESTION: The new charge d'affaires to Cuba, will they be taking up their post, or just waiting here until things are --MS NAUERT: I don't know the exact timing of it. We just got this information out today, so I'll let you know. Okay.QUESTION: Thank you.(The briefing was concluded at 3:48p.m.)3:08 p.m. EDTMS NAUERT: Hi, everybody. How you doing?QUESTION: Good, thank you.MS NAUERT: Good. A couple announcements to start out with today, as we take a look at all of the news that so many of the cable networks in particular are covering covering Hurricane Florence. I'd like to draw your attention and remind folks that the State Department is tracking storms around the world. We are closely watching Super Typhoon Mangkhut, which is expected to impact parts of the Philippines, Hong Kong, Macau, and mainland China later this week. The safety and security of U.S. citizens overseas is one of our highest priorities, and we strongly encourage citizens in those affected areas to follow instructions provided by local authorities and also enroll in our STEP program, the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program, at step.state.gov. That way they can receive important emergency information. And also follow us on Twitter, @travel.gov, and Facebook for additional updates. As the super typhoon moves across the region, we'll provide information to U.S. citizens in the area through alerts, our embassy and consulate websites, and also travel.state.gov. We urge U.S. citizens in the impacted areas who are safe to contact their loved ones directly and/or update their social media status. If you are in an emergency situation, please contact local authorities in that emergency situation.Next, as you all know, the Secretary was just in India last week, and so this is sort of the perfect thing to bring you today. The United States, Afghanistan, and India held the second annual joint trade and investment show in Mumbai yesterday. That was in order to strengthen regional economic ties and showcase Afghanistan's products and also investment opportunities. More than 2,000 Afghan, Indian, and international businesses participating, and on the first day alone more than $160 million in agreements were signed, many of those which will support U.S. and Afghan jobs along the supply chain. For example, this year's show included an agreement between Afghanistan's Bayat Group and Siemens for the provision of turbines produced here in the United States that will support 60 to 70 U.S. jobs in Houston and also provide power to northern Afghanistan to support the local economy, increase stability, and promote self-sufficiency. That event is sponsored by USAID and will continue through Saturday.Next, let's go back in history a little bit to 1945, and that's when Senator William Fulbright introduced a bill in the United States Congress that called for the use of surplus war property to fund the promotion of international goodwill through the exchange of students in the fields of education, culture, and also science. It's the Fulbright Program, as we know it today. Today that is America's flagship academic exchange program, and we have Fulbright partnerships with more than 160 countries. That allows thousands of American and foreign students and scholars to participate in academic exchanges. 2018 marks the 70th anniversary of the United States-United Kingdom Fulbright Program. Our Assistant Secretary for Education and Cultural Affairs Marie Royce announced at the House of Commons a new Fulbright public-private partnership between the Smithsonian Institution and the U.S.-UK Fulbright Commission to exchange scholars who will focus on health issues. The UK also announced an increase in funding for the exchange from 600,000 to 1 million. So happy 70th anniversary to the United States and the United Kingdom Fulbright Program and thank you for strengthening our public diplomacy.Last thing and this is something we've been waiting for for a while and are really excited to bring you and I'd like to congratulate our newest career ambassadors. They have been nominated a while ago, but just this afternoon the White House signed off on it, and we just received this news.The Senate confirmed them today, and the President conferred the personnel rank of career ambassador to four of our colleagues: our Under Secretary for Political Affairs David Hale; Michele Sison, our ambassador to Haiti; Daniel Smith, our assistant secretary for the Bureau of Intelligence and Research; and Philip Goldberg, our charge in Havana.This is the highest rank that a Foreign Service officer can attain, and we could not be happier to announce this news today. We are also pleased to announce that eight more members of our ambassadorial team were confirmed by the Senate and look forward to leading their embassies. I'll have their names and their posts in just a second.Randy Berry is the first. He will become our next ambassador to Nepal and will succeed Alaina Teplitz, who will assume charge of our U.S. missions to Sri Lanka and also the Maldives. Donald Lu will become the next chief of mission in Kyrgyzstan. And then turning from South and Central Asia to Africa, Michael Hammer will become the next U.S. ambassador to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Stephanie Sullivan will be our chief of mission in Ghana, Derek Hogan we love Derek (laughter) a friend of ours. We traveled together; some of you may have met Derek on the plane. Derek will become our next U.S. ambassador to Moldova, Phil Kosnett will become our next U.S. ambassador to Kosovo, while Judy Reinke will become our chief of mission in Montenegro. Congratulations to all of you.These distinguished leaders join the top ranks of our leadership team and thousands of others across the State Department, all of whom are hard at work to execute our diplomatic and national security missions across the globe on behalf of the United States.And last thing, on a personal note: My colleague, Susan Stevenson, who was our acting assistant secretary for Public Affairs she was also the acting R, the under secretary for Public Affairs and Public Diplomacy for quite some time she was just nominated today to be the ambassador of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea. So congratulations to you, too, Susan, and we look forward to celebrating with you with I think some of Admiral Kirby's leftover Yuengling beer that's been hanging out for the past year and a half in the back of the fridge.QUESTION: Ew. (Laughter.)QUESTION: That beer's been left that's pretty old beer. It's probably skunked by now. (Laughter.)MS NAUERT: If we can get anything better for you, Susan, in short order, we certainly will. With that, I'd be happy to take your questions.QUESTION: Thanks, Heather. I want to start today with something you'll probably find a little bit unusual.MS NAUERT: Okay.QUESTION: But that's with a thank you. You have you're one of the few people in this administration at least with a public who appears publicly to have consistently emphasized the importance of free press and democracies and talked about how important it is for journalists to be protected in what they do. And with that in mind, I'd like to know if you have anything to say about the rather surprising comments that Aung San Suu Kyi made about the two Reuters reporters in Myanmar and also her more broadly, her comments about how comments in defense of the Burmese military.MS NAUERT: Right. Well, Matt, you'll recall, many of you will recall, we went to Burma with Secretary Tillerson last year. You may recall when Secretary Pompeo was at ASEAN about a month ago that this was an issue that he directly raised with his counterpart. The situation with the two Reuters reporters, we've consistently raised that issue with the Government of Burma over the past year or so since they had been since they had been detained.Something that we don't talk a lot about, however, is the fact that our embassy has remained very involved in monitoring the case of both of those reporters, in appearing at their court cases and so forth, and offering any support that we can certainly provide.We are certainly aware of Aung San Suu Kyi's comments about the reporters. We are deeply disappointed by the verdict that convicted the journalists Wa Lone and also KyawSoeOo. We will continue to advocate at all levels of the U.S. Government for their immediate and their unconditional release. That verdict calls into question press freedom in Burma.When I was there, I had the opportunity to have a roundtable discussion with a surprising number of journalists who had discussed with me the impact of government officials putting pressure on them to not report certain things and to report other things. We continue to call upon the Government of Burma to protect the freedom of expression, which is an essential pillar of democracy.The fact that those journalists were convicted despite testimony by police that they were ordered to frame those two reporters that, in our view, raises serious concerns about the judicial independence and the fair trial guarantees that they are supposed to have in that country. We believe it harms public confidence in the justice system and the rule of law in Burma. We continue to urge the Government of Burma to take action immediately to correct this injustice.QUESTION: Right. And you say you're aware of Suu Kyi's comments, but you don't have anything specific to say about them or about her broader defense of the Burmese military and judicial system?MS NAUERT: Well, Matt, I think I can continue to say the journalists should, without a doubt, be released. We will continue to raise that their cases at the highest level of that government. We've done that consistently within this administration, including the Vice President, who has spoken out about this issue as well.We obviously disagree with many of the comments that she made. This is an issue of importance to us. We will continue working with our partners and allies to explore options to ensure justice for the victims of what has happened in the Rakhine State. And as you all know, the United States Government has been at the forefront of providing humanitarian assistance to Rohingya refugees. More than 700,000 of them, if not 800- or more thousand or more, have been forced to go into neighboring Bangladesh. Bangladesh has welcomed them and providing them with camps not the ideal place for anyone to be, of course, but nevertheless Bangladesh has done that, and the United States has offered financial support and humanitarian aid to those Rohingya not only in Bangladesh but also some who are in IDP camps in Burma as well.Okay.QUESTION: Thank you.QUESTION: Two questions --MS NAUERT: Yeah, go ahead, Lesley.QUESTION: -- if I may follow-up about my colleagues. The one is: Has the Secretary or any other senior official at the State Department reached out to Aung San Suu Kyi about her remarks?MS NAUERT: About her remarks in the last 24 hours?QUESTION: In the last 24 hours.MS NAUERT: Not that I am aware of. I can tell you we've raised it at the highest levels in the past. I can check with our embassy to see if we have anything additional. As you well know, a lot of times it is our embassy that may be taking the lead on some of these matters. If I have anything additional for you, I'll bring it to you.QUESTION: And then has the Secretary made is he any closer to making some determination on what the UN called a genocidal event, I think it was?MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: Please don't quote me on that one, but basically pointed to the possibility of genocide.MS NAUERT: Yeah. And as you all know, this is one of the most important duties that a Secretary of State has in making that determination. It's a legal determination that's very complex and complicated and takes quite a bit of time to make sure you've gone through all the details and the information.The Secretary will determine whether and to what extent he decides to publicize his final report on that. When I have that report to bring to you, I'll certainly let you know.Okay. Said, let me come back to you in just a second. Actually, go right ahead. Yeah.QUESTION: Thank you. I appreciate it. Today marks the 25th anniversary of the signing of the Oslo Accords in the White House, and on this occasion I wanted to ask you whether you are it was premised on a two-state solution ultimately. Are you still committed to the two-state solution, Israel and Palestine living side-by-side?MS NAUERT: Yeah, and we've talked about this quite a bit before, and it's certainly a priority of Jason Greenblatt and Jared Kushner.QUESTION: Right.MS NAUERT: The President has said consistently that he supports a solution that both parties can work with, recognizing that both parties will have to compromise in order to come to some sort of an agreement. So we support whatever both sides can work can come to an agreement on.QUESTION: Yes, but they have negotiated for a quarter of a century on this issue, and it was premised on a two-state solution. I'm just asking you whether you are still committed to that.MS NAUERT: Yeah. Our policy has not changed. We also understand that we can't force it. Both sides will have to sit down and have direct negotiations and conversations.QUESTION: And one other thing regarding the tweet that was, I think, made by Mr. Jason Greenblatt about we are about to roll out a peace proposal of some sort. I'm just saying that with all these measures that have been taking week after week after week in the last 12 weeks, I mean, all sticks and no carrots, so to speak, how are you trying to reach out to the hearts and minds of the Palestinian people, ordinary Palestinians who you would need to reach out to if you are going to bypass the leadership that seems to be so obstinate?MS NAUERT: I think my answer would go back to your previous question or your assertion that this has been going on, the conflict has been going on, the disagreements have been going on for 70 years a very, very long time. Nothing has worked despite the U.S. Government and other governments' best efforts, right? Nothing has worked thus far.This administration has determined that it desires to take a different kind of approach in encouraging two sides to sit down and have that conversation. It's something we'll not back away from, recognizing that it's certainly not going to be easy. We've seen that. But we remain committed to that. When the peace plan is ready and when they are ready to unveil it, we'd be happy to bring that to you, yes.QUESTION: You will be able to reach out to ordinary Palestinians, to continue to have contact with them, help them in sort of getting the proper medical care, proper schools, and so on? Will you continue to do that?MS NAUERT: We certainly hope so, and we're having conversations with governments in the region about alternative ways that the U.S. Government could help facilitate some of those things that you mention health care and education, medical services.QUESTION: A follow-up?MS NAUERT: Yes.QUESTION: I'm sorry, how exactly is the administration encouraging the Palestinians to come back to the table?MS NAUERT: Well, Matt, recognizing --QUESTION: By shuttering their office here, by cutting off aid to UNRWA, by cutting off aid to the hospital networks, by cutting the aid to the West Bank and Gaza --MS NAUERT: Determining that there needs to be a different --QUESTION: -- by recognizing Jerusalem as --MS NAUERT: Matt, there needs to be a different kind of approach. Nothing has worked. For far longer than you and I have been alive, right, nothing has worked thus far. So we're trying a different approach, seeing if this is going to work. We are committed to it. We have people on the ground who are working to this effort each and every day and we remain optimistic and committed to working on this.QUESTION: (Off-mike.)MS NAUERT: Okay, hold on. Hi.QUESTION: Because we're hearing different point of view. Is the peace plan not ready or is it ready but you're not ready to unveil it?MS NAUERT: Not ready to unveil it just yet. Anything more specific I'll have to get an update for you from the offices handling this issue most more closely.Hey, Barbara.QUESTION: Just very quickly, there's an Israeli newspaper reporting that Mr. Trump has offered to give the Palestinians $5 billion in aid if they come back to the peace talks. Have you heard anything about that?MS NAUERT: Inaccurate. Inaccurate.QUESTION: It's a it's false?MS NAUERT: It's not a correct story, yeah.QUESTION: So are they going to get anything?MS NAUERT: I'm not aware of any amount of money that is being offered to return to the peace table.QUESTION: So there's no so there's no at least financial incentive for them to come back thus --MS NAUERT: That is my understanding, not only that that report is --QUESTION: Is that's part of the encouraging plan, right?MS NAUERT: Pardon me?QUESTION: That's part of the encouragement?MS NAUERT: I can just tell you that that report is inaccurate.QUESTION: They get nothing.MS NAUERT: That report is inaccurate.QUESTION: Are you saying the peace deal is ready, it's you're just waiting to present it at a at a time --MS NAUERT: We will unveil it when we are ready to unveil it, and I'll just leave it at that for right now.QUESTION: Afghanistan.MS NAUERT: Hey, Laurie.QUESTION: Hi. In Iraq, both Ayatollah Sistani and Moqtada al-Sadr have come out in opposition to a second term for Iraqi Prime Minister Abadi. Do you think it would be it might be a good idea if he stepped aside?MS NAUERT: Laurie, that's something that we wouldn't get involved with in calling for that at this time. That would be an internal Iraqi matter that the Iraqis would have to figure out.QUESTION: Well how about this question, then: Neither of the two blocs one is kind of neutral or pro-American, the other is pro-Iranian has the seats to form the next government, and the Kurds control a bloc of seats that is likely to be decisive. Do you think making concessions to the Kurds in order to encourage them to support your side would be a good idea? Because the other side will make those concessions and then you'll lose Iraq.MS NAUERT: Yeah, Laurie, again, we support Iraq's democratic progress that they have made and their democratic process, recognizing that it is a sovereign government. We support Iraq's efforts to form a moderate, sovereign Iraqi government pursuant to the constitutional timeline that's responsive to the aspirations of the Iraqi people.QUESTION: But you don't contest my view of the importance of the Kurdish bloc?MS NAUERT: Of course that is important. All Iraqis are important, and that's why we talk about a sovereign Iraq and we think that Iraqis will be able to figure this out very well on their own.QUESTION: Thank you.QUESTION: Afghanistan.QUESTION: India.MS NAUERT: Okay. Okay. Go ahead.QUESTION: Hi. Quick question on China. So President Trump has recently signed the John McCain National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2019 in which so it's law now in which there are language to restrict U.S. Government's procurement of Chinese telecommunication service and equipment. My question for you is how does that impact State Department's guidelines to embassies and consulates in their procurement process?MS NAUERT: Oh, goodness. You're asking me about the procurement process. I think you have to be a lawyer in order to handle that one. I'll have to look into that and get you an answer from our folks who are working on that issue.QUESTION: Yemen. Yemen.QUESTION: Does the U.S. have a opinion on does the United States has a opinion on U.S. allies' reliance on Chinese telecommunication equipment and service?MS NAUERT: I would just hesitate to answer that. I'd like to get some more information from our experts who work on those technical issues and get you an answer on that later.QUESTION: Yemen. Yemen.MS NAUERT: Yeah, go right ahead.QUESTION: India.MS NAUERT: And then we'll come back to you. Hi.QUESTION: Just in terms of the certification yesterday on Yemen, the report mentioned a number of things it said that the coalition was doing, but they were sort of like technical things like getting training and drawing up no-strike lists and acknowledged that there were still way too many casualties civilians being killed. And I know that there is concern after the UN report that the Americans maybe could be implicated in war crimes if some of these strikes are found to be war crimes. Was the feeling here with that certification that you're covering your bases in terms of any culpability for civilian casualties?MS NAUERT: Well, first, let me start out with this with mentioning this: The NDAA required the Secretary to make a determination on the actions of the Saudi-led coalition operating in and around Yemen. The Secretary, in line with 1290 section 1290 of the NDAA certified that Saudi Arabia and the UAE are supporting diplomatic efforts to end the civil war there. There are three things that the NDAA required. It did not require perfection on the part of the coalition's actions. It stipulated making concerted efforts in three key areas: diplomatic efforts to end the civil war we see that going forward and strong efforts on the part of the Saudis and the Emiratis to push forward with a diplomatic solution; also taking measures to alleviate the humanitarian crisis.The governments have contributed significant amounts of money to that end and I can detail a few of those, but also refer you back to their governments for more information on that. Next, agreeing to undertake actions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and also civilian infrastructure. We see those governments and the coalition taking steps and listening to the concerns of the U.S. Government. Those concerns have been expressed on the part of Secretary Pompeo, Secretary Mattis, and I would imagine others in high positions within the U.S. Government.We see them taking steps. Is it perfect? No, absolutely not. Do we see them doing what they can to mitigate civilian casualties? Absolutely, we do. That's something that the U.S. Government takes very seriously, as you hear the Pentagon speak about that with regard to its own actions that it takes around the world, doing everything that it can to mitigate civilian casualties. So the Secretary made his determination and sent that information up to Capitol Hill.QUESTION: Senator Shaheen said that the legislation had established firm benchmarks on avoiding civilian casualties before a certification could be made, and the coalition clearly hadn't met these benchmarks. So she's saying that even though they weren't expecting perfection, the Secretary chose different benchmarks basically. Do you have a response to that?MS NAUERT: I would disagree with that. Some of the information would be classified, so it'd be limited in terms of the scope of what I can say. But I can tell you that they have been working to reduce civilian casualties. The U.S. Government has found them, meaning the coalition, to be receptive to our concerns. They have taken our advice, they've admitted to making errors. The coalition announced that it is reviewing its rules of engagement. We think that that is something that is important. They will hold the coalition has pledged to hold those at fault accountable for their actions in terms of those civilian casualties. They've also pledged to compensate the victims of those strikes that tragically did kill civilians. So we're seeing them make some good-faith efforts and we're continuing to have conversations with the government about that.QUESTION: (Off-mike.)QUESTION: Heather --MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: -- the reaction to this certification from the Hill and from human rights groups, from aid agencies I mean, they're pretty damning. I mean, charade, charade, farce I think senator Oxfam or someone said that he was lying to Congress. Other members of Congress said that this made a mockery of their requirements that were in the NDAA. So how do you square that reaction with the certification? What's your response to that kind of a that response, which is pretty harsh?MS NAUERT: Well, first I would say they're taking steps in the view of the U.S. Government and this administration in the right direction. I understand certainly the concerns of aid groups. Our Deputy Secretary Sullivan has been meeting consistently with some of the aid groups who are operating in the region and providing assistance to those in Yemen. In fact, he had a meeting with them just today, and I can provide you a bit of a readout on that meeting he had with some of those humanitarian groups. Our Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan and USAID Administrator Mark Green met it was actually yesterday, not today with international and NGO groups to discuss the humanitarian situation in Yemen and to brief the group on the Secretary's certification to Congress under section 1290 of the John McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. They discussed recent efforts by the United Nations Special Envoy to Yemen Martin Griffiths to bring the Republic of Yemen Government and Houthi representatives to Geneva for consultations.The deputy secretary reiterated the administration's full support of the UN-led political process and stressed that there is no military solution to this conflict. The deputy secretary and the administrator discussed the importance of all parties continuing to support the UN special envoy; avoiding further escalation of the conflict, including Hodeidah; coordinating efforts to address Yemen's economic and humanitarian situation; and committing to a process to reach a comprehensive political agreement that will bring peace, prosperity, and security to Yemen. Participants expressed their concern about escalating violence in Hodeidah and also noted the continuing dynamic of desperation in Yemen.It necessitates measures that would yield tangible results and a sense of improvement. The deputy secretary thanked the NGOs for their continuing cooperation and the frank dialogue that they had. He reaffirmed the United States' concern about the risk of harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure, particularly of a humanitarian nature. He said the United States will continue to call on all parties to respect the law of armed conflict, take feasible precautions to avoid harm to civilians, and conduct a thorough and transparent investigation into alleged violations. I would be happy to send that out to you after the briefing.QUESTION: Yeah, could you? And could you also could you did they accept the certification? Did these would you say that these aid groups welcomed the Secretary's determination that the coalition is doing everything or doing enough?MS NAUERT: I would say that we would have access to different kinds of information than some of the NGOs on the ground. They do some incredible work, these NGOs, and I can tell you we were pleased to have them in to the State Department. It was a frank discussion, of course, as you can imagine it would, but here is the readout that I was just able to provide for you.QUESTION: (Off-mike.)MS NAUERT: Unfortunately, I wasn't in the room. I wish I had been in that meeting.QUESTION: (Inaudible.) Thank you.QUESTION: (Off-mike.)MS NAUERT: Okay. Next next question. Cindy, go right ahead.QUESTION: Just to follow up, can you provide any more information about what exactly the Saudi-led coalition what steps they're taking?MS NAUERT: Yeah, and I think this is something that Secretary Mattis had addressed not that long ago, and so, in fact, the Department of Defense is better positioned to be able to discuss some of the activities of the coalition and some of the direct things that they are doing. So let me just read a portion of this for you. Pardon me, I have to grab my glasses. Secretary Mattis said about a week and a half ago, For the last several years we've been working with the Saudis and Emiratis doing what we can to reduce any chance of innocent people being injured or killed. We recognize that we are watching a war in which the Houthi-led effort involves launching weapons out of residential areas into Saudi Arabia.We recognize the complexity of this. At no time have we felt rebuffed or ignored when we bring concerns to them, meaning the coalition. The training that we have given them we know has paid off. He goes on to say, We recognize every mistake like this is tragic in every way, but we have not seen any callous disregard by the people we are working with. We continue to work with them and to reduce this kind of tragedy.This is something that the United States Government takes seriously. I understand that some NGOs, some folks on the Hill are perhaps angry and frustrated with the decision, but I can tell you we took a very careful and close look at the information, some of which is classified, and the Secretary made his determination. Okay?QUESTION: Syria.MS NAUERT: Okay, go right ahead.QUESTION: (Inaudible) Syria.MS NAUERT: Hi.QUESTION: Thank you, madam. Two questions, please. One, before heading to India for 2+2, Secretary was in Pakistan meeting and greeting civilian government and the military officials, including Prime Minister Imran Khan. What I'm asking you is that was Secretary carrying any messages for the Pakistani or Indian prime minister from the President?MS NAUERT: Did he have any particular messages?QUESTION: Right.MS NAUERT: For both of them from President Trump? That's your question?QUESTION: Right. Yes, ma'am.MS NAUERT: We certainly had lots of messages that we brought. India is a very close friend of the United States. We have among the strongest people-to-people ties. I think there are more than three million Indian Americans living here in the United States, so that was certainly part of the meetings and the conversations. COMCASA was something that was signed between the Department of Defense and also the ministry of defense in India, and that was something important that had been a long a long time in the making. So we were pleased to have signed that with the Indian Government because that not only supports jobs but also supports better military-to-military cooperation. They also agreed to doing more work on the military-to-military front. So that was part of the conversation but also to go over there and thank the new government for our strong friendship that we have.In terms of Pakistan, the Secretary had some meaningful and important meetings with the new government, looking forward to forging a relationship with that new government, recognizing that there are, of course, some tensions and some areas where we or the government can work harder. And so those were the types of meetings that we had and we were pleased to have gone.Short trip, but nevertheless an important trip.QUESTION: And second --MS NAUERT: Let me just move on because I want to --QUESTION: Second question, please.MS NAUERT: I want to be able to hit everybody in the room, so Rich, go right go right ahead.QUESTION: Heather, really quick. Yesterday secretary former Secretary Kerry acknowledged that he's spoken with Foreign Minister Zarif after he's left office. Does the current Secretary, Secretary Pompeo, does he have thoughts on that and does he believe that that is potentially countering this administration's policy?MS NAUERT: Yeah, so let me let me start with this. I've seen former Secretary Kerry do rounds on the talk shows and talking with the press in terms of print and also radio. I've seen him brag about the meetings that he has had with the Iranian Government and Iranian Government officials. And I've also seen reports that he is apparently providing, according to reports, advice to the Iranian Government. I think probably the best advice that he should be giving the Iranian Government is stop supporting terror groups around the world, stop supporting Hizballah.We were just talking about the Saudi-led coalition and activities that it is undertaking in Yemen, and we see the Iranian Government offering help, expertise, money, material to the Houthi rebels in Yemen that is causing so much misery in that country. We see them meaning Shia militias trying to kill U.S. service members in places like Iraq. We see them launching attacks on some of our partners. If anything, we should he should be calling on the Iranian Government to stop spending money on all this adventurism and terrorism around the world and start spending their money on their own people, as we have seen so many Iranian people express their serious concerns about this kind of military adventurism.QUESTION: Heather, just on that.MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: One of your colleagues, Assistant Secretary Singh, was on the Hill earlier today and was asked a very similar question about this by Representative Zeldin. And she said in response to his question, which and his question suggested that former Secretary Kerry was going to do backdoor diplomacy here to thwart the will of this new administration. She said Assistant Secretary Singh said, It's unfortunate if people from a past administration would try to compromise the progress [that] we are trying to make in this administration. And then she said she didn't have personal knowledge of the meetings that Secretary Kerry is talking former Secretary Kerry is talking about, but if that is happening again, she said, quote, I would find it very inappropriate.Are those her personal feelings about this, or is that the position of this Secretary and the State Department that --MS NAUERT: I have not spoken to Assistant Secretary Singh. She may still, in fact, be on the Hill at this hour, so I have not yet consulted with her on some of those remarks. But I think I just laid out concerns that we would have in offering advice to the Iranian Government. If someone is going to have conversations with the Iranian Government, let's make them productive conversations. Let's make them about how the President sees the activities of the Iranian Government.This administration no longer looks at the Iranian Government just through the narrow scope of the JCPOA, the nuclear deal. We look at the totality of Iran's bad actions around the world in fomenting terror and causing so much misery around the globe, including misery in their own country.QUESTION: Okay. Well, I think the former administration would disagree that it only focused on the JCPOA.MS NAUERT: Okay.QUESTION: But regardless, I'm just trying to find out whether or not Secretary Pompeo, who is the current Secretary of State, has any problems or plans to raise any concerns about this with his predecessor, former Secretary Kerry.MS NAUERT: I have not asked him that question --QUESTION: Okay.MS NAUERT: -- but I will be sure to do so, certainly.QUESTION: Thank you.QUESTION: Afghanistan?QUESTION: (Off-mike.)MS NAUERT: Okay, okay. Hey, Nazira. How are you?QUESTION: Good, thank you very much. Heather, as you mentioned, a lot of achievement from Indians regarding Afghanistan, it's good things. But unfortunately, the security is bad in Afghanistan. We have the day before yesterday, almost 200 people have been killed and injured. Based on this situation, still United States generally you are optimistic about the peace process with the Taliban? What do you think?MS NAUERT: Well, it's a long road, right? We have a new military commander in Scott Miller, who's over there. We have a lot of respect and hope for the work that he will be engaging in. Ultimately, this is going to become a conversation or will be a conversation between the Afghan Government and also the Taliban. The United States Government stands ready to assist, to facilitate, but this has to be an Afghan-led, Afghan-owned peace process.Things have been very, very difficult in Afghanistan lately. As you well know, Nazira, since you're from Afghanistan, you know the terror acts that have taken place there recently. We continue to stand by the people of Afghanistan, who have been so brave and have lived through so much over many decades where they've had to live through terrorism. But this ultimately has to become be Afghan-led, Afghan-owned.Okay? And we're going to have to wrap it up pretty shortly. Hey, Michelle.QUESTION: Heather, just two quick questions.MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: This week, some Democrats in Congress sent a letter to the State Department criticizing State and a particular deputy assistant secretary for not calling out racism and xenophobia in international fora, and they demanded that he be made available to answer questions to their staffs. Does the State Department plan on doing that?MS NAUERT: Michelle, I don't have any information for you on that. I can tell you that allegations of racism, political retribution, anything of that sort, is not something that the Secretary tolerates. It's not an accepted practice here at the State Department. Anyone who has any issues or concerns, I would encourage them to contact our Office of Civil Rights, raise those concerns. We have internal mechanisms here at the State Department to handle those types of issues and concerns. In fact, the State Department has more offices, more avenues in which people can express their concerns about those allegations than other federal departments do in the United States Government.QUESTION: Okay. And yesterday, the author of a preliminary GAO report on the State Department's response to the attacks in Cuba took issue with State's explanation for what went wrong in communication. He called it unsatisfactory, saying that there was genuine confusion, a lack of clarity in the department's policy; some but not all State employees that were involved even knew of the existence of this office that they were supposed to report it to.MS NAUERT: I'm sorry, in which office?QUESTION: In the office that was supposed to call for the creation of an Accountability Review Board. So they didn't there were people who didn't even know that that office existed and that there were communications issues across the board at the State Department. So he disputed the State's explanation.MS NAUERT: Yeah. We conducted let me just pause you there. We pulled together an ARB, an Accountability Review Board. The Accountability Review Board released its report to Capitol Hill about two weeks ago or so --QUESTION: Right, right.MS NAUERT: -- acknowledging that there were some things that certainly could have been done better. I think any time you have a tragedy, anytime you have a crisis, anytime you have a medical situation and let me remind folks that with regard to our Cuba situation, we still don't know the cause, we still don't know what or who is responsible for health attacks that took place that affected our personnel in Cuba. We still don't know what is responsible despite the interagency efforts and investigations that are still underway today.So we are working to try to provide the best of care that we can to our personnel. We have not only the Accountability Review Board, but we also have a task force that meets regularly, that meets I think Robert goes to those meetings just about every day. We remain very busy, very engaged in this and take this situation extremely seriously.QUESTION: But on --QUESTION: But the question was --MS NAUERT: Yeah.QUESTION: -- this all the explanation for the problems that the State Department gives to this day, the author of this report takes issue with and calls that explanation unsatisfactory. So, I mean, from the podium, do you feel like these issues and how these things are handled --MS NAUERT: I think you're raising a lot of issues that I can't get into in totality, issues in a very detailed and complex report. So I'm not going to comment broadly on something that I don't have all the specific details on in front of me.QUESTION: Can you just talk about the meeting today with the Cubans?MS NAUERT: Yes, yes. So as some of you may be aware, some officials from the Cuban Government are here at the State Department today. I believe at this hour it's still ongoing; there's a briefing taking place between some of our colleagues from our various bureaus that are involved in this very issue that Michelle and I were just talking about. They're having meetings with the Cuban Government to discuss some of the medical issues that our people have experienced.I will not have a readout for you coming out of that meeting. That is something that involves the private medical information that is coming forth from some of our people, but I can confirm there is a meeting taking place here at the State Department.QUESTION: Does that mean that the Cubans, who have complained in the past that you refused to give them that some of that private medical information, does that mean that you've now agreed to give them what --MS NAUERT: I'm not exactly certain what information will be provided to them, but I won't be able to provide that to you publicly. There may be some information --QUESTION: No, no, no okay.MS NAUERT: -- that we are sharing with the Government of Cuba about what our people have been experiencing.QUESTION: More than what they had what had been shared in the past?MS NAUERT: I'm not aware of the specifics of that. I can just tell you that our medical professionals and some of our experts on this area are meeting with Cuban officials at this hour.QUESTION: Can I get you on one last thing?MS NAUERT: Sure.QUESTION: And that is something we talked about a little bit yesterday.MS NAUERT: Okay. Then we have to wrap.QUESTION: That was yeah. So I did finally get an answer to the question, my question about where the administration thinks it might get the authority to issue to impose sanctions on ICC employees, and that was the IEEPA. But even former Republican legal counselors in this building one of whom worked with Ambassador Bolton himself are very dubious that that could that IEEPA, which means that there has to be a national emergency declared with respect to security issues, could be used for that sanctions. But assuming that this administration thinks it can make the argument for that, I still I don't have an answer to the question of where Ambassador Bolton and the administration thinks that it would get authority to prosecute ICC employees in U.S. courts. The it seems to me that that would smack of the same kind of universal jurisdiction that Ambassador Bolton is so un-fond of.MS NAUERT: I would say some of this is hypothetical. So Ambassador Bolton's speech spoke of options that we could take if the ICC were to choose to prosecute or investigate some U.S. service members. So it was simply an option that Ambassador Bolton highlighted.QUESTION: So it's not definitive. It's not so --MS NAUERT: I would hesitate to --QUESTION: -- you're walking back what the ambassador said?MS NAUERT: No. I would hesitate to speak for Ambassador Bolton on this very issue, but I can just tell you that it is an option that the U.S. Government could explore if the ICC were to go down that road and attempt to prosecute or investigate our U.S. service members.QUESTION: Okay. Does that go for both sanctions and/or prosecution in U.S. courts? Is it --MS NAUERT: You know we typically don't comment on possible specific sanctions or prosecutions.QUESTION: Okay. So it's not a definite; it's just a possibility?MS NAUERT: That's what it seems to me.QUESTION: Okay.MS NAUERT: But I would also ask you to speak with Ambassador Bolton's office --QUESTION: Will do.MS NAUERT: -- for any more clarity on that.QUESTION: Thank you.MS NAUERT: Okay. We've got to --QUESTION: The new charge d'affaires to Cuba, will they be taking up their post, or just waiting here until things are --MS NAUERT: I don't know the exact timing of it. We just got this information out today, so I'll let you know. Okay.QUESTION: Thank you.(The briefing was concluded at 3:48p.m.)Load-Date: September 14, 2018End of Document

UK cracks down on foreign investment to protect national securityCNNMoney.comJuly 24, 2018 Tuesday 12:44 PM ESTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: INVESTINGLength: 564 wordsByline: Ivana KottasovÃ¡BodyForeign takeovers of UK companies will be subject to additional scrutiny under a government proposal that makes it easier to block deals on national security grounds.The plans announced Tuesday make Britain the latest in a series of countries to pursue tighter controls on foreign investors amid worries that sensitive technology is being purchased by Chinese companies.The British government said the new rules do not target any particular country. But officials said the crackdown would increase the number of foreign deals that require intervention each year from one to roughly 50.The move follows increased investment from China, and several controversial UK projects involving firms from the country. China has ambitious plans to be a leader in areas like artificial intelligence and self-driving cars by 2025.Senior UK security officials warned last week of "new risks" stemming from the involvement of Chinese tech company Huawei in the country's telecommunication networks. Two years ago, security concerns were raised over a Chinese company's role in a nuclear power project.Chinese companies spent at least $21 billion in 2017 to acquire 36 UK businesses, according to Dealogic. There have been 24 such takeovers this year with a combined price tag of at least $4 billion."The Chinese are large investors and they are looking at buying certain types of business, a lot in the technology space, so while it's not directed at China, it has implications for Chinese investors," said Marc Israel, a partner at law firm White & Case.In addition to takeovers, the new rules apply to foreign purchases of assets and intellectual property. There would be no minimum price tag, meaning all transactions could be reviewed on national security grounds.Government interventions would range from conditions being attached to a deal to its outright cancellation.Israel said the estimate of 50 such actions a year seemed "quite high" and "suggests [the rules] will have impact on investors."The proposed regime reflects the changing nature of national security threats."Previously, it would have been a factory making a missile ... now, a lot of the transactions in this space are to do with technology or software," Israel added.The Trump administration blocked the takeover of US chip maker Lattice Semiconductors by a private equity firm with ties to China. It also killed a foreign bid for Qualcomm on national security grounds.The UK government will consult with businesses on the new rules before they are considered by parliament.Similar efforts are taking place across the world."While the [foreign investment] screening mechanisms set up by countries such as Australia, Canada, China, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Russia and the United States vary significantly in scope, most of these countries have tightened their review schemes," said Anahita Thoms, a partner at Baker & McKenzie.The bipartisan Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act is expected to be approved soon in the United States, tightening rules for foreign takeovers.The European Union has proposed tougher rules on foreign investment, and Germany passed new laws of its own last year."There have been a number of large investments that have led to increased wariness, particularly by Chinese investors," Thoms said of Germany. "This has led to growing calls for improved protections of critical infrastructure."Load-Date: July 25, 2018End of Document

UK cracks down on foreign investment to protect national securityCNN WireJuly 24, 2018 Tuesday 4:44 PM GMTCopyright 2018 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 583 wordsByline: By Ivana KottasováDateline: LONDON (CNNMoney) BodyLONDON (CNNMoney) --  Foreign takeovers of UK companies will be subject to additional scrutiny under a government proposal that makes it easier to block deals on national security grounds. The plans announced Tuesday make Britain the latest in a series of countries to pursue tighter controls on foreign investors amid worries that sensitive technology is being purchased by Chinese companies. The British government said the new rules do not target any particular country. But officials said the crackdown would increase the number of foreign deals that require intervention each year from one to roughly 50.The move follows increased investment from China, and several controversial UK projects involving firms from the country. China has ambitious plans to be a leader in areas like artificial intelligence and self-driving cars by 2025.Senior UK security officials warned last week of "new risks" stemming from the involvement of Chinese tech company Huawei in the country's telecommunication networks. Two years ago, security concerns were raised over a Chinese company's role in a nuclear power project.Chinese companies spent at least $21 billion in 2017 to acquire 36 UK businesses, according to Dealogic. There have been 24 such takeovers this year with a combined price tag of at least $4 billion."The Chinese are large investors and they are looking at buying certain types of business, a lot in the technology space, so while it's not directed at China, it has implications for Chinese investors," said Marc Israel, a partner at law firm White & Case.In addition to takeovers, the new rules apply to foreign purchases of assets and intellectual property. There would be no minimum price tag, meaning all transactions could be reviewed on national security grounds. Government interventions would range from conditions being attached to a deal to its outright cancellation.Israel said the estimate of 50 such actions a year seemed "quite high" and "suggests [the rules] will have impact on investors."The proposed regime reflects the changing nature of national security threats."Previously, it would have been a factory making a missile ... now, a lot of the transactions in this space are to do with technology or software," Israel added. The Trump administration blocked the takeover of US chip maker Lattice Semiconductors by a private equity firm with ties to China. It also killed a foreign bid for Qualcomm on national security grounds. The UK government will consult with businesses on the new rules before they are considered by parliament.Similar efforts are taking place across the world. "While the [foreign investment] screening mechanisms set up by countries such as Australia, Canada, China, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Russia and the United States vary significantly in scope, most of these countries have tightened their review schemes," said Anahita Thoms, a partner at Baker & McKenzie.The bipartisan Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act is expected to be approved soon in the United States, tightening rules for foreign takeovers. The European Union has proposed tougher rules on foreign investment, and Germany passed new laws of its own last year. "There have been a number of large investments that have led to increased wariness, particularly by Chinese investors," Thoms said of Germany. "This has led to growing calls for improved protections of critical infrastructure."TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: July 25, 2018End of Document

Australia prevents Huawei from participating in telecommunications marketCE Noticias Financieras EnglishAugust 23, 2018 ThursdayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 252 wordsBody SYDNEY - Australia banned it from supplying equipment for the 5G mobile network citing possible risks of interference and hacking, which China called an excuse to act against the firm.  The Australian government said that the national security regulations that are usually applied to telecommunications operators will be extended to equipment suppliers.  The regulations stipulate that companies "that are probably subject to extrajudicial addresses of a foreign government" would make the nation's network vulnerable to unauthorized access or interference, and present a security risk. "  While not referring to the Chinese firm, an Australian government official said the order targets Huawei - the world's largest manufacturer of equipment for telecommunication networks - and excludes its participation in the process.  The Australian subsidiary of Huawei, which denies that it is under China's control, said on Twitter on Twitter that the action is an "extremely disappointing result for consumers."  In Beijing, the Ministries of Foreign Affairs and Commerce said that China is concerned about the decision of Australia, while adding that the oceanic country should not use the excuse of national security to raise artificial barriers and conduct discriminatory practices.  "We urge the Australian government to abandon its ideological prejudices and create a fair competitive environment for the operations of Chinese companies in Australia," said Lu Kang, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Load-Date: August 23, 2018End of Document

Australia bans Huawei from participating in equipment supply for its 5G networkCE Noticias Financieras EnglishAugust 23, 2018 ThursdayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 315 wordsBody Australia banned Chinese telecommunications firm Huawei Technologies Co Ltd from supplying equipment for the 5G mobile network, citing risks of interference and "hacking", something that Beijing rejected as an "excuse" to take action against a Chinese firm.  The decision, adopted on the advice of local security agencies, meant a tightening of Australia's position vis-à-vis its largest trading partner, at a time when relations have soured over Canberra's accusations of Chinese interference in politics. Australian  The government said in a statement sent by email on Thursday that the national security regulations that are usually applied to telecom operators will now be extended to equipment suppliers.  Companies "that are probably subject to extrajudicial addresses of a foreign government" would make the nation's network vulnerable to unauthorized access or interference, and present a security risk, "the statement said.  While not referring to the Chinese firm, an Australian government official said the order targets Huawei - the world's largest manufacturer of equipment for telecommunication networks - and excludes its participation in the process.  The Australian subsidiary of Huawei, which vigorously denies that it is under Beijing's control, said on Twitter on Thursday that the action is an "extremely disappointing result for consumers."  In Beijing, the Ministries of Foreign Affairs and Commerce said that China is concerned about the decision of Australia, while adding that the oceanic country should not use the excuse of national security to raise artificial barriers and carry out discriminatory practices.  "We urge the Australian government to abandon its ideological prejudices and create a fair competitive environment for the operations of Chinese companies in Australia," Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in his daily appearance before the media. Load-Date: August 23, 2018End of Document

Asian Shares Drift Lower On Tariff WorriesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 4, 2018 WednesdayCopyright 2018 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2018 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 636 wordsBody       Asian stocks edged lower on Wednesday as trade jitters continued to simmer ahead of the July 6 deadline, when U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods are due to take effect.  The yen rose against the dollar and the euro advanced amid fading political risks in Germany while oil prices remained supported by data showing a larger-than-expected fall in U.S. stockpiles. Chinese shares ended lower despite the yuan rising sharply against the dollar following verbal intervention by the People's Bank of China. The benchmark Shanghai Composite index fell 27.76 points or 1.00 percent to 2,759.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index lost 1.06 percent to close at 28,241.67, dragged down by industrials and energy stocks. Japanese shares retreated as technology stocks followed their U.S. peers lower and index heavyweight Fast Retailing reported a 4 percent fall in same-store sales at its Uniqlo clothing outlets in June.  The Nikkei average dropped 68.50 points or 0.31 percent to 21,717.04 while the broader Topix index finished marginally higher at 1,693.25. Fast Retailing shares declined 2.2 percent. Advantest, Tokyo Electron and Sumco Corp tumbled 4-5 percent in the tech sector after a Chinese court temporarily barred Micron Technology Inc from selling 26 chip products in the mainland. In another development, the U.S. government declared another major Chinese telecom company a possible "risk to national security": In economic releases, the services sector in Japan continued to expand in June, and at a faster rate, the latest survey from Nikkei showed with a PMI score of 51.4, up from 51.0 in May. Australian shares closed lower as weaker commodity prices pulled down mining stocks and financials also declined after strong gains in the previous session.  The day's economic readings proved to be a mixed bag, with retail sales and services sector data beating expectations while trade balance figures disappointed investors.  The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index dropped 26.80 points or 0.43 percent to 6,183.40 while the broader All Ordinaries index ended down 29.10 points or 0.46 percent at 6,273.70. Banks Commonwealth, Westpac and NAB fell between half a percent and 1.3 percent. Miners Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals Group dropped around 1 percent after copper hit nine-month lows on expectations of weaker demand in top consumer China.  Seoul stocks closed lower on institutional selling amid concerns that trade frictions between the U.S. and other major economies could slow down global growth. The benchmark Kospi slid 7.30 points or 0.32 percent to 2,265.46. Chipmaker SK Hynix shed 1.3 percent and carmaker Hyundai Motor lost 2 percent. New Zealand shares fell modestly, dragged down by consumer staple and healthcare stocks. The benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index dropped 27.95 points or 0.31 percent to 9,025.64. A2 Milk Company shares tumbled 3.4 percent on profit taking after strong gains in the previous session. On the economic front, New Zealand's commodity prices decreased for the first time in six months in June, the results of a survey by ANZ showed. The corresponding index dropped 1.0 percent month-over-month, reversing a 1.5 percent rise in May. Singapore's Straits Times index was moving up 0.2 percent after the latest Nikkei survey showed the country's private sector continued to expand in June, albeit at a slightly slower pace. Malaysia's KLSE Composite index was gaining half a percent as investors kept an eye on the arrest of former Prime Minister Najib Razak in relation to the probe into SRC International. Overnight, U.S. stocks fell ahead of the July 4th holiday and the July 6 deadline for the Trump Administration's planned imposition of tariffs on Chinese imports. The Dow and the S&P 500 dropped around half a percent, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite shed 0.9 percent.        Load-Date: July 4, 2018End of Document

Asian Shares Drift Lower On Tariff WorriesLive Briefs PRO Global MarketsJuly 4, 2018 Wednesday 4:42 AM ESTCopyright 2018 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 605 wordsBody Asian stocks edged lower on Wednesday as trade jitters continued to simmer ahead of the July 6 deadline, when US tariffs on Chinese goods are due to take effect.The yen rose against the dollar and the euro advanced amid fading political risks in Germany while oil prices remained supported by data showing a larger-than-expected fall in US stockpiles.Chinese shares ended lower despite the yuan rising sharply against the dollar following verbal intervention by the People's Bank of China. The benchmark Shanghai Composite index fell 27.76 points or 1.00% to 2,759.13.Hong Kong's Hang Seng index lost 1.06% to close at 28,241.67, dragged down by industrials and energy stocks.Japanese shares retreated as technology stocks followed their US peers lower and index heavyweight Fast Retailing reported a 4% fall in same-store sales at its Uniqlo clothing outlets in June.The Nikkei average dropped 68.50 points or 0.31% to 21,717.04 while the broader Topix index finished marginally higher at 1,693.25.Fast Retailing shares declined 2.2%. Advantest, Tokyo Electron and Sumco Corp tumbled 4-5% in the tech sector after a Chinese court temporarily barred Micron Technology Inc from selling 26 chip products in the mainland.In another development, the US government declared another major Chinese telecom company a possible "risk to national security"In economic releases, the services sector in Japan continued to expand in June, and at a faster rate, the latest survey from Nikkei showed with a PMI score of 51.4, up from 51.0 in May.Australian shares closed lower as weaker commodity prices pulled down mining stocks and financials also declined after strong gains in the previous session.The day's economic readings proved to be a mixed bag, with retail sales and services sector data beating expectations while trade balance figures disappointed investors.The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index dropped 26.80 points or 0.43% to 6,183.40 while the broader All Ordinaries index ended down 29.10 points or 0.46% at 6,273.70.Banks Commonwealth, Westpac and NAB fell between half a percent and 1.3%. Miners Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals Group dropped around 1% after copper hit nine-month lows on expectations of weaker demand in top consumer China.Seoul stocks closed lower on institutional selling amid concerns that trade frictions between the US and other major economies could slow down global growth. The benchmark Kospi slid 7.30 points or 0.32% to 2,265.46. Chipmaker SK Hynix shed 1.3% and carmaker Hyundai Motor lost 2%.New Zealand shares fell modestly, dragged down by consumer staple and healthcare stocks. The benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index dropped 27.95 points or 0.31% to 9,025.64. A2 Milk Company shares tumbled 3.4% on profit taking after strong gains in the previous session.On the economic front, New Zealand's commodity prices decreased for the first time in six months in June, the results of a survey by ANZ showed. The corresponding index dropped 1.0% month-over-month, reversing a 1.5% rise in May.Singapore's Straits Times index was moving up 0.2% after the latest Nikkei survey showed the country's private sector continued to expand in June, albeit at a slightly slower pace.Malaysia's KLSE Composite index was gaining half a percent as investors kept an eye on the arrest of former Prime Minister Najib Razak in relation to the probe into SRC International.Overnight, US stocks fell ahead of the July 4th holiday and the July 6 deadline for the Trump Administration's planned imposition of tariffs on Chinese imports.The Dow and the S&P 500 dropped around half a percent, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite shed 0.9%.Load-Date: July 5, 2018End of Document

Global LED Chip And Module Market Size, Share, Forecast and Opportunity 2018   2025iCrowdNewswire (English)August 24, 2018 Friday 9:46 AM GMTCopyright 2018 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1520 wordsBody                   The Global LED Chip and Module Market status and forecast, categorizes the global LED Chip and Module market size (value & volume) by manufacturers, type, application, and region. This report focuses on the top manufacturers in North America, Europe, Japan, China, India, Southeast Asia and other regions (Central & South America, and Middle East & ... Continue reading Global LED Chip And Module Market Size, Share, Forecast and Opportunity 2018   2025The Global LED Chip and Module Market status and forecast, categorizes the global LED Chip and Module market size (value & volume) by manufacturers, type, application, and region. This report focuses on the top manufacturers in North America, Europe, Japan, China, India, Southeast Asia and other regions (Central & South America, and Middle East & Africa).Epi/chip. Epitaxy refers to the process of evolving a wafer (sapphire or SiC, for instance) by depositing epitaxial layers on the wafer using MOCVD. Creating the epitaxial layers is the most critical and capital-intensive step in LED manufacturing. After additional wafer processing to create the metal connection, the wafer is cut up ( diced ) into chips. Although it can be used for different applications, the quality requirements (mainly efficacy) of the epi/chip differ by application.Browse complete report@ https://www.researchtrades.com/report/global-led-chip-and-module-market-professional-survey-report-2018/1635228LED backlight market demands fell short of expectations, which caused sliding ASP of LED chips and LED package. This trend has been markedly observed during second half of 2015, when LED chip and package prices sharply plunged to the point that some LED chip and package spec prices are now close to material costs. Many manufacturers have incurred losses as a result. Even though manufacturers in the LED industry are being pressured to lower prices in the short term, in the long run there will be limited room for further LED price cuts. This can be explained by the growing number of manufacturers withdrawing from the market in the near future, as LED prices is close to manufacturing costs and reduce companies profitability.Chinese LED companies listed on the A stock have been acquiring international manufacturers through issuing shares on the market, or after receiving government financial support. Some Chinese manufacturers are targeting major international LED players patents and lighting brands, in hopes of strengthening their patent portfolio and oversea distribution channels. Additionally, more ChineseLED manufacturers are also transforming their business models. Some LED manufacturers aiming to leave behind hotly contended red sea markets are entering other market sectors through mergers and acquisitions.The global LED Chip and Module market is valued at 36100 million US$ in 2017 and will reach 53300 million US$ by the end of 2025, growing at a CAGR of 5.0% during 2018-2025.The major manufacturers covered in this reportEpistarSan?an OptoCreeOSRAMSamsungToyoda GoseiSeoul SemiconductorPhilips LumiledsETILG InnotekNiChiaHC SemiTekLextarLattice PowerOPTO-TECHTyntekGenesis PhotonicsFormosa EpitaxyChangelightAucksunTongFangGeographically, this report studies the top producers and consumers, focuses on product capacity, production, value, consumption, market share and growth opportunity in these key regions, coveringNorth AmericaEuropeChinaJapanIndiaSoutheast AsiaOther regions (Central & South America, Middle East & Africa)We can also provide the customized separate regional or country-level reports, for the following regions:North AmericaUnited StatesCanadaMexicoAsia-PacificChinaIndiaJapanSouth KoreaAustraliaIndonesiaSingaporeRest of Asia-PacificEuropeGermanyFranceUKItalySpainRussiaRest of EuropeCentral & South AmericaBrazilArgentinaRest of South AmericaMiddle East & AfricaSaudi ArabiaTurkeyRest of Middle East & AfricaOn the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split intoLateral ChipVertical ChipFlip ChipBy Application, the market can be split intoGeneral LightingAutomotive LightingBacklightingRequest for sample@ https://www.researchtrades.com/request-sample/1635228The study objectives of this report are:To analyze and study the global LED Chip and Module capacity, production, value, consumption, status (2013-2017) and forecast (2018-2025);Focuses on the key LED Chip and Module manufacturers, to study the capacity, production, value, market share and development plans in future.Focuses on the global key manufacturers, to define, describe and analyze the market competition landscape, SWOT analysis.To define, describe and forecast the market by type, application and region.To analyze the global and key regions market potential and advantage, opportunity and challenge, restraints and risks.To identify significant trends and factors driving or inhibiting the market growth.To analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.To strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.To analyze competitive developments such as expansions, agreements, new product launches, and acquisitions in the market.To strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.In this study, the years considered to estimate the market size of LED Chip and Module are as follows:History Year: 2013-2017Base Year: 2017Estimated Year: 2018Forecast Year 2018 to 2025For the data information by region, company, type and application, 2017 is considered as the base year. Whenever data information was unavailable for the base year, the prior year has been considered.Key StakeholdersLED Chip and Module ManufacturersLED Chip and Module Distributors/Traders/WholesalersLED Chip and Module Subcomponent ManufacturersIndustry AssociationDownstream VendorsTable of ContentsGlobal LED Chip and Module Market Professional Survey Report 20181 Industry Overview of LED Chip and Module1.1 Definition and Specifications of LED Chip and Module1.1.1 Definition of LED Chip and Module1.1.2 Specifications of LED Chip and Module1.2 Classification of LED Chip and Module1.2.1 Lateral Chip1.2.2 Vertical Chip1.2.3 Flip Chip1.3 Applications of LED Chip and Module1.3.1 General Lighting1.3.2 Automotive Lighting1.3.3 Backlighting1.4 Market Segment by Regions1.4.1 North America1.4.2 Europe1.4.3 China1.4.4 Japan1.4.5 Southeast Asia1.4.6 India2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of LED Chip and Module2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of LED Chip and Module2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of LED Chip and Module2.4 Industry Chain Structure of LED Chip and ModuleRequest for Discount@ https://www.researchtrades.com/discount/16352283 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of LED Chip and Module3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global LED Chip and Module Major Manufacturers in 20173.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global LED Chip and Module Major Manufacturers in 20173.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global LED Chip and Module Major Manufacturers in 20173.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global LED Chip and Module Major Manufacturers in 20174 Global LED Chip and Module Overall Market Overview4.1 2013-2018E Overall Market Analysis4.2 Capacity Analysis4.2.1 2013-2018E Global LED Chip and Module Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis4.2.2 2017 LED Chip and Module Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)4.3 Sales Analysis4.3.1 2013-2018E Global LED Chip and Module Sales and Growth Rate Analysis4.3.2 2017 LED Chip and Module Sales Analysis (Company Segment)4.4 Sales Price Analysis4.4.1 2013-2018E Global LED Chip and Module Sales Price4.4.2 2017 LED Chip and Module Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment)Who we areResearch Trades has team of experts who works on providing exhaustive analysis pertaining to market research on a global basis. This comprehensive analysis is obtained by a thorough research and study of the ongoing trends and provides predictive data regarding the future estimations, which can be utilized by various organizations for growth purposes.We distribute customized reports that focus on meeting the client's specific requirement. Our database consists of a large collection of high-quality reports obtained using a customer-centric approaches, thus providing valuable research insights.Contact us:Email: sales@researchtrades.com Call us: +1 6269994607 (USA), +91 7507349866 (IND)Web: https://www.researchtrades.comSkype ID: researchtradesconTags: LED Chip and Mod,            LED Chip and Module Market,            LED Chip And Module Market Analysis,            LED Chip and Module Market Forecast,            LED Chip and Module Market Growth,            LED Chip and Module Market Share,            LED Chip And Module Market Size,            LED Chip and Module market trendsSee Campaign:           http://www.researchtrades.com/checkout/1635228Contact Information:sales@researchtrades.comTags:,            Wire,            Research Newswire,            Press Release,            United States,            United Kingdom,            Europe,            Middle East,            EnglishLoad-Date: August 24, 2018End of Document

LEVELING UP IN CYBERSECURITYStates News ServiceSeptember 14, 2018 FridayCopyright 2018 States News ServiceLength: 2836 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: ALEXANDRIA, Va. BodyThe following information was released by the Security Industry Association (SIA):Why Cybersecurity Is More Important Than Ever for Security Systems Integrators The 2018 Foreign Economic Espionage in Cyberspace report, issued by the National Counterintelligence and Security Center, makes it clear that economic and industrial espionage against the United States continues to be a serious threat. The report names China, Russia and Iran as the top three adversarial countries from a supply chain risk perspective. The public is numb to popular media stories announcing how our adversaries have yet again exploited our cybersecurity vulnerabilities to steal proprietary commercial or defense industrial base intellectual property. The public perception of infiltrators who compromise our supply chain companies or take over command and control of our critical infrastructure systems is limited by understanding of technology and the magnitude of the risk to our national economy. We, as electronic security system integrators, don't have the luxury of ignoring this information. It is incumbent upon us as partners in the security community to do all that is within our power to help defend against these espionage forces. Industrial espionage is not a recent development. Foreign spies have been infiltrating our major technology centers for decades. As gaps in global technological advantage have narrowed, the efforts and stakes of this criminal enterprise have correspondingly risen. Our federal law enforcement partners have attributed hacking efforts during our 2016 election to the Russian government. In January 2018, Chinese hackers stole hundreds of gigabytes of data from a U.S. defense contractor. And while the data wasn't classified, it did contain information about a submarine supersonic anti-ship missile they had plans to complete by 2020. In 2017, three Chinese hackers working for a state-sponsored intelligence contractor were indicted for stealing intellectual property from three technology companies. This past March, an Iranian hacking group was indicted for stealing 31 terabytes of data from 144 American universities, totaling $3.4 billion in intellectual property. And then there is the Massachusetts-based American Superconductor, who nearly went out of business because the Chinese company who represented over three quarters of their business purchases refused to pay, stole their source code and then installed a pirated version of their software into the wind turbines that it sold. The U.S. government is aware of these ongoing threats and expends significant resources combating them, but they need assistance from their commercial supply chain community partners. Here's what you can do to help. The Parts of the Problem It's only a matter of time before you or your customer get exploited and have your data corrupted, information stolen or systems disrupted. Maybe it's a ransomware attack on a hospital infant abduction system, and someone's child goes missing. Maybe it's a U.S. military base that allows someone with a fake credential and ill intentions in the gate because no one could accurately verify the person's identity because the system is compromised by a denial of service attack. Maybe your community's critical infrastructure utility system goes down because a security systems integrator left a backdoor default password open on a piece of substation equipment, allowing a criminal a way in and providing a platform for them to launch their control system attack. For the last 20+ years, our industry has deployed electronic security systems into the IT environments of our customers without much of a thought to cybersecurity. Strong passwords? Takes too much time and too difficult to manage, they say. Encryption? Slows the system down. Device certificates? Too expensive. Standards-based installation? Proprietary systems keep our customers coming back to us. With access control systems (ACS), we've been using the same Weigand communication protocol since the early 1980s. The Wiegand protocol connects card readers to ACS door controllers and has never been updated. It's widely known that readers are easily and continually hacked using very inexpensive replay attack tools this is due to the lack of encryption in the Weigand protocol. Similar copying vulnerabilities are present in the old 125khz proximity cards too, yet companies continue to install systems with these openly exploitable vulnerabilities. In 2012, the Security Industry Association (SIA) began developing a new protocol called open supervised device protocol (OSDP). This protocol is considerably more secure because is supports high-end encryption, and it is available across a broad spectrum of ACS manufacturers, yet there remains a lag in adoption, partly because customers haven't budgeted for system replacement. As an industry, we didn't tell them about our shared "problems" early enough, and in truth there are still many integrators that don't know about the advantages of OSDP. To those issues, let's add the growing prevalence of Internet of Things (IoT) connected devices. Our industry continues to install IP devices like cameras, intercoms, speakers, microphones and alarm systems, ignoring standard cybersecurity practices and procedures. A 2015 Computerworld article warned that 100 percent of IoT home security systems that they tested failed against routine brute force types of attacks. Using the popular website SHODAN.io, today you can view over 200,000 security cameras across the globe that are still using their factory default passwords, evidence of a lackadaisical deployment practice. You can peer into people's homes and private businesses all because the installers didn't take the time to change the default passwords, and the customers didn't know to ask them about it. Oh, and if you think just changing the password solves everything, think again. A six-character password can be hacked using a brute force library attack in .02 seconds. Why do systems integrators continue installing insecure systems? We have a duty and an obligation to protect the systems we deploy to make sure we aren't contributing to the problem. I've heard many integrators argue that customers aren't asking for cyber-hardened systems, or that they don't have the budget for pay for the extra security configuration work that it takes to install and monitor these devices properly. We have to do better as an industry than just waiting for customers to ask. We owe it to our customers to educate them about why cyber-hardened security systems are necessary and not just a luxury. Awareness Is Key The first thing a security systems integrator can do is educate themselves. The good news is that there are a lot of great resources out there. PSA Security (PSA) is the world's largest systems integrator cooperative made up of the most progressive security and audio-visual systems integrators in North America. Its mission is to empower its owners to become the most successful systems integrators in the markets they serve. As a part of that mission, PSA has developed a cybersecurity committee, a cyber advisory board and cyber solutions partners. SIA, PSA and ISC Security Events partnered to host the first-ever Cyber:Secured Forum in June 2018; the conference discussed cyber-hardening of security systems, cyber standards and global cybercrime. The PSA cybersecurity program provides educational programs and resources to integrators to assist them in navigating cybersecurity policies, processes and solutions ; the program website has a host of resources, including a cybersecurity playbook, information security small business fundamentals and a white paper on cyber risk. Not a PSA Security owner or member? There are several federal agencies in the market to help your businesses with your cybersecurity, and they have a vested interest in doing so. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's (DHS') Office of Infrastructure Protection is dedicated to leading "the national effort to secure critical infrastructure from all hazards by managing risk and enhancing resilience through collaboration with the critical infrastructure community." The office does this through risk management, education, regulation, coordination, operational support, outreach and conducting site surveys. In accordance with the National Infrastructure Protection Plan, DHS has classified critical infrastructure into 16 sectors whose assets, systems and networks whether physical or virtual are considered so vital to the U.S. that their incapacitation or destruction would have a debilitating effect on security, national economic security, national public health or safety or any combination thereof. Some of the more obvious sectors cover energy, communications, nuclear reactors and nuclear materials. Water and wastewater as well as health care are broken out with specific recommendations for their physical security. There are other obvious sectors, but many security integrators that I've met don't know there's a special subsection for commercial facilities like hotels and condominiums, a sector that consumes a lot of security technology Two of the more important DHS programs are education/free training and site surveys. The Critical Infrastructure Learning Series "provides one-hour, web-based seminars conducted by critical infrastructure experts on the tools, trends, issues and best practices for infrastructure security and resilience". The series also offers instructor-led classes all over the country on a wide variety of topics, including active shooter, counter-improvised explosive device (IED) training and awareness, cybersecurity, chemical terrorism, retail security awareness and protecting critical infrastructure against insider threats. Several of these courses are also listed on the Federal Emergency Management Agency website along with others, such as a workplace security awareness course, a surveillance awareness course and a protecting critical infrastructure course. DHS has a free survey tool the Infrastructure Survey Tool created by its protective security advisors; this tool is requested by a facility and designed to identify facilities' physical security, security forces, security management, information sharing, protective measures and dependencies related to preparedness, mitigation, response, resilience and recovery. The tool will also find security gaps in addition to creating protective and resilience measures indices that can be compared to similar facilities. The FBI also has several programs available. As the lead agency for investigating cyberattacks, the FBI has developed a website the Internet Crime Complaint Center that allows users to report internet crimes, including ransomware, business email compromise, phishing, tech support fraud, data breaches and extortion. Users can fill out an online form, and it goes directly to the FBI for review. The FBI also has a program called InfraGard, which brings together the FBI and the private sector to exchange information and promote learning opportunities relevant to the protection of critical infrastructure. There are 82 InfraGard chapters nationally; membership is free, but applicants must agree to a cursory background check. As a part of its community outreach the FBI has established a Citizen's Academy to foster a greater understanding of the FBI's role in the community for business, civic and community leaders. These academies are usually held one night per week for eight to ten weeks, exposing students to the various investigative inner workings of the FBI. If you don't have time to participate in your local area groups, at least get to know your local federal agents from DHS and the FBI. Along with the wealth of information available to you as a systems integrator, it's always best to have a relationship with them before something bad happens and you need to engage their services. Regulation Still not convinced of the importance of this issue? In 2017, the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD), fed up with its industrial base's slow adoption of sound cybersecurity practices, augmented the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations (DFARs) to force companies to comply with cybersecurity standards in their own businesses. DFARS regulation 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting details how a contractor is supposed to provide adequate security for information systems and how to report a cybersecurity incident. Now, contractors doing business with DOD must attest to their compliance with the National Institute of Standards and Technology's (NIST's) Special Publication (SP) 800-171 standards to meet the contractual rules of the DFARs clause. The NIST 800-171 standards are a subset of basic security controls for information systems derived from the broader NIST 800-53 Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems and Organizations. The idea is to protect the processing, storage and transmission of controlled unclassified information (CUI). CUI information that is sensitive and relevant to the interests of the U.S., including facility security drawings and device or network configuration information. Does your company do business with DOD? Do you want that business to continue after 2017? Subcontracting does not exempt you from the DFARS clause, either the clause flows down to subcontractors in cases where CUI passed to the subcontractor. The bottom line is if you don't take cybersecurity seriously, you can expect to lose contracts. The Pentagon declared, "if your systems aren't cyber-hardened, you won't be doing business with us." The Pentagon isn't the only agency considering cyber-hardened company selection. There has also been some talk about including security related to cyber hardening as a "fourth pillar" in the acquisition process, along with cost, schedule and past performance, which will force government contractors to consider their internal IT practices as well as their deployment of systems. They want your assurance that your own IT systems will provide an acceptable level of security. And having these regulations forced on government contractors will make those contractors more attractive to all customers seeking a more secure system. Conclusion In 2015, when the industry started paying attention, you were likely just procrastinating with cybersecurity, unsure of what the future would bring. In 2018, that same attitude probably makes you negligent. Cybersecurity negligence in our people, processes and products is no longer being tolerated in our client industries. Cybersecurity negligence is something our customers, our communities and our nation can no longer afford from their supply chains. Maybe Acme's Auto Body Shop doesn't care about a fully encrypted, cyber-hardened security system at its facility, but it's clear that the critical infrastructure sectors do. Supply chain scrutiny is increasing across the energy, health care, finance, transportation and food supply sectors. New regulations surrounding the supply chain companies in all sectors are being discussed, and many are considering adopting NIST 800-171 until they have time to build more sector-specific cybersecurity control sets. Expect cybersecurity clauses to appear in your next round of commercial negotiated contracts if you work with regulated industry sectors. If you want to continue to do business with companies in these sectors you're going to have to prioritize the cybersecurity posture of your organization. The writing isn't figuratively on the wall any longer; it's written contractually in the Defense Acquisition Regulation System. Cybersecurity vulnerabilities can't be ignored. You'll have to cover your liabilities with insurance, and the less you know about and mitigate those vulnerabilities, the more you're going to pay. Continued negligence could potentially force you from the industry as your cyber-aware competitor's offerings evolve beyond your own. Remember Blockbuster, who didn't want to send DVDs through the mail and missed out on the streaming video services that Netflix envisioned? Remember Borders Books scoffing at the Amazon threat? Recall how BlackBerry held onto its proprietary systems and insisted that no one wanted touch screen technology on their phones? Look at the taxi companies fighting the next evolution of ride sharing. These are all examples of failure to evolve in the era of digital transformation. Security system integrators are at a critical point at which their executive planning decisions must be made with cybersecurity awareness at the top of their agendas. People, processes and products must all be assessed and aligned with sound cybersecurity practices. Any decisions made without an eye towards the cybersecurity threats that we are experiencing daily might as well be made with the flip of a coin. For some, perhaps taking that chance is better than admitting that they're completely blind.Load-Date: September 24, 2018End of Document

XMBC Connects Supply Chain Finance and BlockchainPR NewswireJuly 2, 2018 Monday 9:41 AM ESTCopyright 2018 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 563 wordsDateline: MOSCOW, July 2, 2018 BodyThe XMBC project, dedicated to solving the financing difficulties for small and medium-sized enterprises is unveiled at the Russian summit. The XMBC project optimizes contract technology with the application of "China Carbon Chain TCC" and officially launches blockchain products that are based on smart contracts and integrated with Internet finance.As the largest blockchain summit in the world, the 2018 Global Blockchain Summit - Russian is launched at the GUM Center, No. 3 Red Square, Moscow. The summit, sponsored by Chinese state-owned enterprises including Wanbo and CRRC Corporation Limited (CRRC) and co-sponsored by multiple institutions, such as Perched Holding Limited Company, has attracted tens of thousands of people to participate. Russian high-level government officials, officials from Chinese Embassy in Russia, famous investment agencies and the world's top geeks all have come and addressed at the summit. More than 500 media around the world have made bombarded reports on the event.Mr. Xiong, XMBC Chief Executive Officer, was invited to discuss Internet Finance and Blockchain Integration Project with sharing the XMBC project with the audience.XMBC's parent company focuses on corporate financing. Financing is actually not new. However, the informal operation of traditional financial institutions has disrupted the market. In business, the trust crisis of both parties is frequently challenged, which in turn leads to a huge "credit cost." Because of this mistrust, it is difficult to achieve a real-time transaction closing.To solve the problem of trust mechanism in the payment process, XMBC registered a foundation in Singapore, and with the application of "Carbon Chain TCC", it designed a supply chain financial digital asset product based on smart contracts.Dedicated to inclusive finance, XMBC bears unique insights into the use of blockchains in the payment field and has its own technological advantages. The blockchain technology platform of XMBC with layered design adopts a series of technical security system construction, which can ensure the isolation between the application and the core platform. The platform is self-optimizing and provides highly adapted API to ensure the maximum security of platform financial transaction.XMBC's application scenarios includes digital asset trading, smart contracts, Internet of Things, supply chain finance, and new retail payment systems. The goal of XMBC is to provide holders with a secure blockchain finance and supply chain venture capital platform.XMBC will be applied in the "Chuangmeng Mall" payment system soon. At present, many cooperative alliance merchants have been finalized. XMBC's main chain, under independent R&D and with multiple innovations, will be formally launched in July. Currently, the block test has been completed and the smart contract compilation of the multi-scene Token is coming to an end. It is planned to land on HitBTC, YoBit, CEX.IO and other internationally renowned Exchanges at the end of this September. Also, it is preparing to land on Binance, Huobi, ZB and other Exchanges to vote for listing transactions. As the main chain goes online and lands on a series of Exchanges, the XMBC story will open a new chapter. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xmbc-connects-supply-chain-finance-and-blockchain-300675326.htmlSOURCE XMBCCONTACT: Selina Wang, +86 18319046942, xmbc@163.comLoad-Date: July 3, 2018End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 13 of 118World's First Global Blockchain Bond Raises USD $110 Million; FinancialBuzz.com News Commentary  Page 15 of 118Daqo New Energy Announces Updates to Second Quarter 2018 Sales Guidance and Reiterates Full Year 2018 Guidance  Page 18 of 118Trina Solar Chairman Jifan Gao elaborates on the PV maker's continued steady growth in 2018  Page 21 of 118Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of Industries  Page 25 of 118Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of Industries  Page 28 of 118Why Blockchain's Ability for Encrypting Information is Disrupting an Impressive Amount of Industries  Page  of Origin Agritech Takes Step Closer to Commercialization of Corn Seed GMO Technology  Page 31 of 118Reports: Alibaba e-commerce co-founder Jack Ma to retire  Page 33 of 118Risen Energy moves focus of new business development from mature to emerging markets  Page 36 of 118ZK International Develops Intelligent Piping System - A Smart Pipe Revolutionizing the Industry  Page 39 of 118Google Rises Slightly Despite Senate Scrutiny  Page 41 of 118iBlockchain Summit 2018 to Feature International Selection of Blockchain Industry Leaders, Market Potential in Asia; More than 60 exhibitors, 30 speakers from o....  Page 43 of 118Avivagen Chairman and CEO Kym Anthony, Joins Everett Jolly Uptick Newswire's "Stock Day" Podcast  Page 45 of 118Corporate profits cheer Wall Street but trade tensions trap gains  Page 47 of 118Corporate profits cheer Wall Street but trade tensions trap gains  Page 51 of 118Free Technical Briefing on Application Software Stocks -- Xunlei, Tableau Software, KeyW Holding, and Splunk  Page 53 of 118Investment Bridge Announces Investment Opinion: Bridge Report on Ferrotec Holdings Corporation Issued: Fiscal Year March 2018 Earnings Results  Page  of Sector Update: Tech  Page 56 of 118Xunlei and Onething Technologies' ThunderChain Recognized as Outstanding Entrepreneurship and Innovation Project by Xinhua Net  Page 59 of 118DAILY ADVANCE: ECSU PROFS DISCUSS MOBILE APPS, TURKEY, PERSIAN NEW YEAR  Page 61 of 118PPDAI GROUP INC. INVESTOR ALERT: Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP announces that a class action lawsuit has been filed on behalf of investors in PPDAI ....  Page 63 of 118The Worldwide Motherboard Industry (Q2 2018) - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page  of Wall Street with timid gains after warm labor data  Page  of Wuhan "Bespoke Time" Activity Helps a Dominican Fan Realize His Dream of Traveling in Wuhan  Page 67 of 118Trump concerned about the expansionism of China in Latin America: News of the Day  Page 69 of 118Hainan Partners with Xiaozhu.com to Boost Rural Tourism via Home Sharing  Page 96 of 118DEPARTMENT OF STATE: PRESS BRIEFING - SEPTEMBER 13, 2018  Page 98 of 118UK cracks down on foreign investment to protect national security  Page 100 of 118UK cracks down on foreign investment to protect national security  Page  of Australia prevents Huawei from participating in telecommunications market  Page 103 of 118Australia bans Huawei from participating in equipment supply for its 5G network  Page 105 of 118Asian Shares Drift Lower On Tariff Worries  Page 107 of 118Asian Shares Drift Lower On Tariff Worries  Page 112 of 118Global LED Chip And Module Market Size, Share, Forecast and Opportunity 2018   2025  Page 116 of 118LEVELING UP IN CYBERSECURITY  Page 118 of 118XMBC Connects Supply Chain Finance and Blockchain  