Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 2:50:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142630334Documents (20)1. New details of China-U.S. deal reveal before signing in white houseClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America2. Bay Street Seen Opening HigherClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America3. Bay Street Seen Opening HigherClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America4. CORONAVIRUS GENOME POSTED ON THE UCSC GENOME BROWSERClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America5. Wall Street Set for Rebound, but Virus Fears LingerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America6. Maine US Senate candidate speaks out about tenure at GoogleClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America7. 4 things to know about the China coronavirusClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America8. ICYMI: ON C-SPAN'S "THE COMMUNICATORS," SPANBERGER CALLS FOR STRONGER U.S. RESPONSE TO FOREIGN-BASED CYBER THREATS, HIGHLIGHTS HER BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America9. On C-SPAN's 'The Communicators,' Rep. Spanberger Calls for Stronger U.S. Response to Foreign-Based Cyber Threats, Highlights Her Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G StrategyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America10. U.S. HOUSE PASSES O'HALLERAN-BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN THREATSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America11. U.S. House Passes Rep. O'Halleran-Bill to Build National 5G Strategy & Protect U.S. Telecommunications Networks Against Foreign ThreatsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America12. U.S. HOUSE PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN THREATSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America13. Center for Strategic & International Studies: Ongoing Goings On - A News Update on WTOClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America14. The ghost of the coronavirus will disturb the GSMA throughout 2020, after the cancellation of the MWCClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America15. Taiwan president urges voters to turn out, uphold democracyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America16. History of Twitter: Facts and What's Happening in 2019Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America17. GBretaña: Huawei to be able to participate in high-speed networkClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America18. US accuses Huawei of extortion and theft of trade secretsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America19. Wall Street Set for Sharply Lower Open as Virus Outbreak Hits SentimentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America20. HOW BRANDS CAN MAKE THE MOST OF TIKTOK;Take advantage of trends, connect with influencers and turn up the musicClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2020 to Feb 29, 2020; Geography by Document: North America

New details of China-U.S. deal reveal before signing in white houseCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 15, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 472 wordsBodyIn view of the signing today, the U.S.-China Phase One trade agreement, with a White House ceremony, White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow estimated that the pact will add 0.5% to U.S. GDP in 2020 and 2021.With the signing of the deal today, China and the United States will formally end nearly two years of trade confrontation and feature Us President Donald Trump and Chinese Deputy Prime MinisterLiu He, who led Beijing's trade negotiations.Tangible resultsFor his part, Chinese Deputy Prime Minister Liu He said Beijing and Washington will work together following the signing of Phase One of the trade agreement to achieve tangible results,Xinhua cited.The report quoted Liu telling IMF President Kristalina Georgieva and representatives of the United States that the treaty would benefit both countries and the world. Liu also stated that China and the United States can work together to achieve a mutually beneficial relationship despite their differences in political and economic models.TechnologyU.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin today clarified that some technology and cybersecurity issues will be resolved in the next chapter of an agreement to end the trade war between the two countries."I think a significant number of technology issues are in Phase One. There are other service areas that will be addressed in Phase Two. There are certain cybersecurity issues that will be in the second phase," Mnuchin told CNBC. "There will be more issues to deal with and we will address them," he said.However, he assured that all aspects of Phase One will be made public today, except for a confidential annex detailing the U.S. products and services that will be purchased by Beijing.TariffsFollowing mixed versions of the future of tariffs, White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said U.S. tariffswill remain on Chinese imports while the government assesses Phase One compliance. Kudlow told CNBC that Washington would take additional proportional action if the agreed is not met.Yesterday, Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Mnuchin had issued a joint communiqué clarifying that the United States and China do not have an agreement for future tariff reductions."There are no other oral or written agreements between the United States and China on these matters, and there is no agreement for a future tariff reduction. Any rumour to the contrary is categorically false," they reaffirmed.Mnuchin explained that the U.S. will keep tariffs on Chinese goods in place until the completion of a second phase of the trade agreement with the Asian giant. "These tariffs will remain in force until there is a Phase Two. If the president implements a Phase Two quickly, he will consider eliminating tariffs," Mnuchin said, but Trump had said he would rather sign Phase Two after next November's presidential election. Load-Date: February 26, 2020End of Document

Bay Street Seen Opening HigherCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 5, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 355 wordsBody       Canadian shares are likely to open on a firm note on Wednesday, tracking positive lead from global markets amid hopes the stimulus announced by the Chinese government will help ease worries about global growth.  Positive data on U.S. private sector employment growth will also aid sentiment. A sharp rebound in crude oil prices may trigger strong buying in the energy space. In economic news, Canada's exports increased to C$49.3 billion in December from C$48.4 billion in November 2019. Imports were up 0.2% in December at C$ 49.7 billion, after an upwardly revised 2.7% decline in November. Canada's trade deficit narrowed to C$0.4 billion in December 2019 from an upwardly revised C$1.2 billion in the previous month. On Tuesday, the benchmark S&P;/TSX Composite Index ended stronger by 132.97 points, or 0.77%, at 17,512.73. In company news, Norbord Inc. (OSB.TO) reported adjusted EBITDA of $27 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, versus $33 million in the third quarter of 2019 and $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc. (ATA.TO) reported adjusted earnings from operations of $37.5 million, compared to $46.7 million a year ago. Asian markets ended higher, extending gains from recent sessions, amid optimism that China's stimulus meaures will help offset the economic impact of the deadly coronavirus outbreak. European stocks are higher, with investors cheering reports of breakthrough in coronavirus treatment. According to Sky news, a leading British scientist has made a significant breakthrough in the race for a coronavirus vaccine by reducing a part of the normal development time from "two to three years to just 14 days". Although the vaccine will be too late for this current outbreak, it will be crucial if there is another one, Sky said. West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures for March are rising $1.45, or about 2.9%, at $51.06 a barrel. Gold futures for April are down marginally at $1,554.40 an ounce. Silver futures for March are up slightly at $17.570 an ounce, while Copper futures for March are gaining $0.0410, or 1.6%, at $2.5830 per pound.        Load-Date: February 26, 2020End of Document

Bay Street Seen Opening HigherRTT News (United States)February 5, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 355 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       Canadian shares are likely to open on a firm note on Wednesday, tracking positive lead from global markets amid hopes the stimulus announced by the Chinese government will help ease worries about global growth.  Positive data on U.S. private sector employment growth will also aid sentiment. A sharp rebound in crude oil prices may trigger strong buying in the energy space. In economic news, Canada's exports increased to C$49.3 billion in December from C$48.4 billion in November 2019. Imports were up 0.2% in December at C$ 49.7 billion, after an upwardly revised 2.7% decline in November. Canada's trade deficit narrowed to C$0.4 billion in December 2019 from an upwardly revised C$1.2 billion in the previous month. On Tuesday, the benchmark S&P;/TSX Composite Index ended stronger by 132.97 points, or 0.77%, at 17,512.73. In company news, Norbord Inc. (OSB.TO) reported adjusted EBITDA of $27 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, versus $33 million in the third quarter of 2019 and $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc. (ATA.TO) reported adjusted earnings from operations of $37.5 million, compared to $46.7 million a year ago. Asian markets ended higher, extending gains from recent sessions, amid optimism that China's stimulus meaures will help offset the economic impact of the deadly coronavirus outbreak. European stocks are higher, with investors cheering reports of breakthrough in coronavirus treatment. According to Sky news, a leading British scientist has made a significant breakthrough in the race for a coronavirus vaccine by reducing a part of the normal development time from "two to three years to just 14 days". Although the vaccine will be too late for this current outbreak, it will be crucial if there is another one, Sky said. West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures for March are rising $1.45, or about 2.9%, at $51.06 a barrel. Gold futures for April are down marginally at $1,554.40 an ounce. Silver futures for March are up slightly at $17.570 an ounce, while Copper futures for March are gaining $0.0410, or 1.6%, at $2.5830 per pound.        Load-Date: February 26, 2020End of Document

CORONAVIRUS GENOME POSTED ON THE UCSC GENOME BROWSERStates News ServiceFebruary 7, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 660 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: SANTA CRUZ, Calif. BodyThe following information was released by the University of California - Santa Cruz:ByJames McGirkThis image shows the structure of a coronavirus. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). The current outbreak of a new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is prompting a global response. (Image from Belouzard et al., 2012)The UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute is facilitating research into the novel coronavirus that has infected thousands of people since an outbreak began in Wuhan, China, last year. The Genomics Institute's browser team has now posted the complete genome of the virus on the UCSC Genome Browser, an interactive web-based tool used by researchers all over the world to study genetic data.When we display coronavirus data in the UCSC Genome Browser, it lets researchers look at the virus' structure and more importantly work with it so they can research how they want to attack it, said UCSC Genome Browser Engineer Hiram Clawson.The rapid spread of the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV, also known as the Wuhan seafood market pneumonia virus) has prompted the Chinese government to quarantine more than 50 million people in the country's dense industrial heartland. Samples of the virus have been processed in labs all over the world, and the raw information about its genetic code has been sent to the worldwide repository of genomic information at the National Institutes of Health's National Center for Bioinformatics (NCBI) in Bethesda, Maryland.The NCBI is a worldwide repository established in the very early days of genomics, said Clawson. When people find novel viruses, they send them to the NCBI, and the NCBI assigns them a name and number so everyone can refer to an exact specimen. Once they've processed the genomic information, it's made available to the world from the database.From there, the UC Santa Cruz Genome Browser processes the information into a visual display. The genome of the virus consists of 29,903 nucleotidesthe bases that make up the DNA and RNA molecules that encode all life on earth.When we obtain this data from NCBI, it's a single file with the letters in it from the DNA or RNA (A,C,G, and T), Clawson said. This one happens to be single-stranded RNA, a relatively simple structure.This information is processed and placed into a database, where the Genome Browser can access the material and display it in a web browser in a much more useful format.What makes the Genome Browser so valuable is that it is so visual, Clawson said. It makes it very clear where everything is, so when people make interesting measurements about the genome in the virus, they can see what they're looking at, Clawson said.Researchers can zoom in and out of the genome. This allows them to see the sequence of bases at the most detailed level or zoom all the way out and see individual genes.The browser also contains a CRISPR track, which allows researchers to see where they can splice genetic material and how they can cut it. With CRISPR technology, researchers can edit genetic material, a tremendously valuable tool for determining which genes do what.In the case of this virus, Clawson said, there are approximately ten genes and the largest is its spike protein, referring to the chemical spine which the virus uses to snag onto human cells and hijack their cellular machinery to reproduce itself. So they might make a change to see if it makes the spike protein more or less virulent.The Browser also allows for annotation, so researchers all over the world can collaborate and share experimental information.The UCSC Genome Browser is among the most important tools ever created by genomics researchers at UC Santa Cruz. By establishing a standard interface and protocols for examining genetic information, they've unlocked breakthroughs in bioinformatics and genetics laboratories all over the world.Load-Date: February 8, 2020End of Document

Wall Street Set for Rebound, but Virus Fears LingerMT Newswires Live BriefsJanuary 28, 2020 Tuesday 9:05 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 359 wordsBody US stocks were set for a rebound Tuesday following sharp losses in the previous session on concerns over the deadly coronavirus that emerged in China.Dow futures increased 0.5%, S&P futures gained 0.7%, while Nasdaq futures rose 0.9%.Earlier Tuesday, the Chinese government said the death toll due to the new coronavirus had reached 106, while the total number of cases surpassed 4,000 nationwide.Oil prices were mixed, with global benchmark Brent crude down 0.1% and US West Texas Intermediate up 0.4% recently, following five consecutive sessions of losses on concerns that the virus outbreak would hit demand.Data released at 8:30 am showed a 2.4% rise in new orders for durable goods for December vs expectations for a 0.5 uptick, according to Econoday.At 9 am, forecasters see a 0.4% rise in Case-Shiller's 20-city adjusted index for November to match what was an as-expected 0.4% rise in October.At 10 am, the US consumer confidence index is expected to come in at 127.8 for January vs December's 126.5.In equities, shares of Pfizer (PFE) were 2% lower pre-bell after the drug maker reported Q4 adjusted profit and revenue that trailed analysts' expectations.U.S. PRE-MARKET INDICATORS-Dow Jones Industrial up 0.5%-S&P 500 futures up 0.7%-Nasdaq 100 futures up 0.9%GLOBAL SENTIMENTNikkei up 0.6%Hang Seng market closed for holidayShanghai Composite market closed for holidayFTSE-100 up 0.5%DAX-30 up 0.4%PRE-MARKET SECTOR WATCH(+) Large cap tech: higher(+) Chip stocks: higher(+) Software stocks: higher(+) Hardware stocks: higher(+) Internet stocks: higher(+) Oil stocks: unchanged to higher(+) Biotech stocks: unchanged to higher(+/-) Drug stocks: mixed(+) Financial stocks: higher(+) Retail stocks: unchanged to higher(+/-) Industrial stocks: mixed(+) Airlines: higher(+) Autos: unchanged to higherUPSIDE MOVERS(+) DLPH (+59.9%) Agrees to takeover by BorgWarner(+) XLRN (+54.3%) Reports positive results from sotatercept trial(+) GNPX (+18.9%) Closes $8 million at-the-market stock offeringDOWNSIDE MOVERS(-) BWA (-7.4%) Agrees to acquire Delphi Technologies(-) HOG (-6.4%) Q4 results miss estimates(-) SAP (-2.8%) Q4 revenue misses expectationsLoad-Date: January 29, 2020End of Document

Maine US Senate candidate speaks out about tenure at GoogleAssociated Press State & LocalJanuary 3, 2020 Friday 11:11 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: STATE AND REGIONALLength: 205 wordsDateline: AUGUSTA, Maine BodyAUGUSTA, Maine (AP) - The U.S. Senate candidate vying for the seat held by Republican Susan Collins has spoken out about the human-rights concerns he had while serving as an executive at Google.Ross LaJeunesse, a Biddeford Democrat, decided to speak out about his experience at the technology giant because of the trust people put into companies like Google, the Bangor Daily News reported Thursday."I started seeing it, honestly, as a form of corruption and an abuse of power," he said.The U.S. Senate hopeful spoke to The Washington Post for the first time on Thursday about his lobbying for a human rights program at the company for two years.LaJeunesse, the former adviser to former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, made the jump to join the race for the U.S. Senate seat held by Collins in November. He set up a four-way Democratic primary for the right to face the longtime Maine senator.As director of international relations for Google, LaJeunesse negotiated with the Chinese government and executed Google's decision to stop censoring search results in China.LaJeunesse had been outspoken about issues of free speech, technology and LGBTQ rights at the company and he had previously interceded on similar proposals.Load-Date: January 4, 2020End of Document

4 things to know about the China coronavirusPolitico.comJanuary 22, 2020 Wednesday 5:20 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 757 wordsHighlight: At least 17 people have died after being stricken with the virus.BodyChinese authorities have clamped down on travel in the city of 11 million people at the epicenter of the deadly coronavirus outbreak that's spread to five other nations.The World Health Organization has postponed deciding whether to declare a global health emergency, to give its experts more time to gather information. Meanwhile, state and local officials are preparing for more cases in the United States after a man in Washington state contracted the disease while visiting China.As the death toll rises to at least 17 and nearly 500 people have been stricken by the virus, there are plenty of unknowns surrounding the severity, duration and transmission risks, as well as what effectively fights the disease. Here are four key things to know:The virus isn't 'brand new' - but the public health risk is a mysteryThe Wuhan illness is part of a family known as coronaviruses. They often feel like a common cold or an upper respiratory tract infection, with fever, cough and runny nose. More severe cases can turn into pneumonia or kidney failure, according to WHO.But officials still don't know how infectious this particular virus is. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention last weekend developed a test that can quickly detect the bug. Agency officials told reporters Tuesday that they will soon share the test with state and local officials.Major professional associations, like the American Medical Association and the American College of Emergency Physicians, are sending information so doctors and other health workers know how to respond.Officials still don't know how easy it is to catch the virusCoronaviruses are common in animals, and sometimes they evolve and can infect humans, according to the CDC. WHO officials have confirmed this strain can be spread from one person to another, but they don't know contagious it is or how long the chain of infection can be. They're gathering more information from Chinese authorities and other governments in affected areas.Hospitals are getting ready for new casesHealth workers are being told to be on the lookout for new cases and to ask patients whether they've traveled to China recently - or come into contact with someone who has. Advisories are being sent through electronic medical records, internal hospital newsletters and daily huddles before shifts begin, according to Nancy Foster, the American Hospital Association's vice president of quality and patient safety.Providence St. Joseph Health saw the country's first coronavirus patient in Washington state, and quickly turned on an electronic prompt for doctors and nurses to ask travel screening questions. That system also reminds health workers of symptoms, including a cough and a fever over 101 - and instructs them to isolate patients and contact the local infection prevention department when one screens positive."At the moment, the travel history is a really good marker," said Amy Compton-Phillips, the health system's chief clinical officer. "If we start seeing flu-like symptoms in populations of people who have been immunized, I think it'll be a telling sign that things have gotten beyond those directly exposed."Widespread travel bans are unlikelyChinese officials froze travel in the city of Wuhan, but U.S. and WHO officials have held back on similar moves for now - and don't expect widespread restrictions.It is very rare for WHO to issue travel warnings for a viral pandemic. The global health authority sounded the alarm for travel to Chinese cities and Toronto during the deadly 2003 SARS epidemic that killed 774 people and sickened more than 8,000 but refrained during more recent outbreaks of Ebola virus, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome or the Avian flu. The WHO has to balance public health concerns against the harmful impact travel restrictions could have on affected countries that need a flow of goods and people to keep their economies running and fight a deadly outbreak."Travel bans are not justified from a public health perspective," said WHO spokesperson Tarik Jasarevic. "They will disrupt response and economies and will have a negative impact on response."But the CDC said this week that people traveling from the region could be asked health screening questions when they arrive in U.S. airports. Passengers' temperatures can also be checked using thermal scanners. More comprehensive screenings will be performed before sending a passenger to a hospital if it appears they may be infected, Howard Zucker, New York state's health commissioner, said on a call with reporters.Load-Date: February 3, 2020End of Document

ICYMI: ON C-SPAN'S "THE COMMUNICATORS," SPANBERGER CALLS FOR STRONGER U.S. RESPONSE TO FOREIGN-BASED CYBER THREATS, HIGHLIGHTS HER BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGYStates News ServiceJanuary 26, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 470 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: HENRICO, V.A. BodyThe following information was released by the office of Virginia Rep. Abigail Spanberger:U.S. Representative Abigail Spanbergera Member of the House Foreign Affairs Committeeis continuing her push to protect U.S. 5G telecommunications infrastructure from foreign-based threats.In an interview on C-SPAN's "The Communicators," Spanberger highlighted that the U.S. House recently passed her bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act, which would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. This strategy would also identify additional opportunities to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains reliable internet access. Earlier this month, the U.S. House passed Spanberger's bill by a vote of 413 to 3.Click here to watch Spanberger's full interview with C-SPAN Executive Producer Peter Slen and technology reporter Emily Birnbaum from The Hill."When we look at Huawei and ZTE, there are significant indicators thatbecause of Huawei's close relationship with the Chinese military and Chinese intelligence, the use of Huawei technologies could create backdoors for areas of access to consumer data or company data that we would find unacceptable," Spanberger said during the interview.According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy to address these national security threats.Spanberger continued, "We need to ensure that the American public and American companies recognize the threat, and that we are taking action to make sure we have an alternative."Spanberger introduced her bipartisan legislation in May 2019 alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States,Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries, andProtect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.Load-Date: January 27, 2020End of Document

On C-SPAN's 'The Communicators,' Rep. Spanberger Calls for Stronger U.S. Response to Foreign-Based Cyber Threats, Highlights Her Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G StrategyTargeted News ServiceJanuary 27, 2020 Monday 7:50 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 504 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Abigail Spanberger, D-Virginia, issued the following news release:U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger--a Member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee--is continuing her push to protect U.S. 5G telecommunications infrastructure from foreign-based threats.In an interview on C-SPAN's "The Communicators," Spanberger highlighted that the U.S. House recently passed her bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act, which would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. This strategy would also identify additional opportunities to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains reliable internet access. Earlier this month, the U.S. House passed Spanberger's bill by a vote of 413 to 3.Click here (https://www.c-span.org/video/?468071-1/communicators-representative-abigail-spanberger) to watch Spanberger's full interview with C-SPAN Executive Producer Peter Slen and technology reporter Emily Birnbaum from The Hill."When we look at Huawei and ZTE, there are significant indicators that--because of Huawei's close relationship with the Chinese military and Chinese intelligence, the use of Huawei technologies could create backdoors for areas of access to consumer data or company data that we would find unacceptable," Spanberger said during the interview.According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report (https://ccdcoe.org/uploads/2019/03/CCDCOE-Huawei-2018-03-28-FINAL.pdf), Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy to address these national security threats.Spanberger continued, "We need to ensure that the American public and American companies recognize the threat, and that we are taking action to make sure we have an alternative."Spanberger introduced her bipartisan legislation in May 2019 alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States,Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries, andProtect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6996450 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: January 27, 2020End of Document

U.S. HOUSE PASSES O'HALLERAN-BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN THREATSStates News ServiceJanuary 9, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 878 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of Arizona Rep. Tom O'Halleran:The U.S. House of Representatives last night voted 413 to 3 to pass a bipartisan bill led by Representatives Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Abigail Spanberger (D-VA-07) Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21) to build a national strategy to protect 5G telecommunications systems in the United States and among U.S. allies.According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei, a Chinese multinational technology company with growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology, could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. This strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains reliable internet access."In our 21st century economy, reliable, high-speed internet is crucial for access to education, tele-health, and countless other resources, especially in rural communities like my district," said O'Halleran. "However, we must ensure that, as this necessary telecommunications infrastructure evolves, we continue to prioritize the security and privacy of all Americans. I was proud to join a bipartisan group to pass this important bill that will allow these crucial systems to grow while protecting American interests from potential foreign threats and monopolies."Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; andprotect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.Click here to watch O'Halleran speak on the House floor in support of this bipartisan bill."To protect the privacy, data, and security of American consumers and companies, we need a national game plan to defend U.S. wireless systems from the next wave of cyber threats. Especially as more of our communities transition to high-speed 5G networks, we must build a smart strategy to defend against intrusions and prevent our networks from being compromised," said Spanberger. "Today, I was proud to see my Secure 5G and Beyond Act pass unanimously in the U.S. House, and I'm encouraged that my bill passed with 11 Republican and 16 Democratic cosponsorsshowing that the long-term security of our telecommunications systems is not a partisan issue. As we witness the growing influence of foreign-based 5G companies like Huawei and ZTE, this bill would level the playing field for American tech companies and defend the online security of American families and businesses. I encourage my colleagues in the U.S. Senate to take up this legislation for a vote as soon as possible.""The United States needs to be proactive in preventing any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by our adversaries. In our increasingly interconnected world, that means protecting our telecommunications and infrastructure, and those of our allies, from malign foreign interference," said Rooney. "Today's passage of this critical bill, which I was honored to cosponsor, will assist in ensuring the safety, security, and freedom of the United States and in safeguarding our technology infrastructure.""Our economic competitiveness and our national security depend on a clear-eyed approach to China's influence in the 5G space," said Slotkin. "This bipartisan bill will requires an inter-agency strategy to mitigate this threat, protect U.S. companies and consumers, and prevent foreign influence in future telecommunications systems, and I'm proud it has passed the House today.""I'm proud to help pass this important bill to provide clarity and inter-agency strategy to secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States," said Stefanik. "Ensuring the United States remains a leading global competitor in both the economy and technology is critical to the future of our nation. This bipartisan legislation requires the President to implement a strategy to secure these systems and maximize their security. I look forward to the bills implementation, and to protecting the competitiveness of American companies and the privacy of American consumers."The legislation passed in the U.S. House last night is the companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).Load-Date: January 9, 2020End of Document

U.S. House Passes Rep. O'Halleran-Bill to Build National 5G Strategy & Protect U.S. Telecommunications Networks Against Foreign ThreatsTargeted News ServiceJanuary 10, 2020 Friday 8:14 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 901 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Tom O'Halleran, D-Arizona, issued the following news release on Jan. 9:* * *- O'Halleran Speaks on House Floor in Support of Bipartisan Legislation* * *The U.S. House of Representatives last night voted 413 to 3 to pass a bipartisan bill led by Representatives Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Abigail Spanberger (D-VA-07) Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21) to build a national strategy to protect 5G telecommunications systems in the United States and among U.S. allies.According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei, a Chinese multinational technology company with growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology, could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. This strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains reliable internet access."In our 21st century economy, reliable, high-speed internet is crucial for access to education, tele-health, and countless other resources, especially in rural communities like my district," said O'Halleran. "However, we must ensure that, as this necessary telecommunications infrastructure evolves, we continue to prioritize the security and privacy of all Americans. I was proud to join a bipartisan group to pass this important bill that will allow these crucial systems to grow while protecting American interests from potential foreign threats and monopolies."Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:* Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;* Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; and* Protect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.Click here to watch O'Halleran speak on the House floor in support of this bipartisan bill."To protect the privacy, data, and security of American consumers and companies, we need a national game plan to defend U.S. wireless systems from the next wave of cyber threats. Especially as more of our communities transition to high-speed 5G networks, we must build a smart strategy to defend against intrusions and prevent our networks from being compromised," said Spanberger. "Today, I was proud to see my Secure 5G and Beyond Act pass unanimously in the U.S. House, and I'm encouraged that my bill passed with 11 Republican and 16 Democratic cosponsors--showing that the long-term security of our telecommunications systems is not a partisan issue. As we witness the growing influence of foreign-based 5G companies like Huawei and ZTE, this bill would level the playing field for American tech companies and defend the online security of American families and businesses. I encourage my colleagues in the U.S. Senate to take up this legislation for a vote as soon as possible.""The United States needs to be proactive in preventing any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by our adversaries. In our increasingly interconnected world, that means protecting our telecommunications and infrastructure, and those of our allies, from malign foreign interference," said Rooney. "Today's passage of this critical bill, which I was honored to cosponsor, will assist in ensuring the safety, security, and freedom of the United States and in safeguarding our technology infrastructure.""Our economic competitiveness and our national security depend on a clear-eyed approach to China's influence in the 5G space," said Slotkin. "This bipartisan bill will requires an inter-agency strategy to mitigate this threat, protect U.S. companies and consumers, and prevent foreign influence in future telecommunications systems, and I'm proud it has passed the House today.""I'm proud to help pass this important bill to provide clarity and inter-agency strategy to secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States," said Stefanik. "Ensuring the United States remains a leading global competitor in both the economy and technology is critical to the future of our nation. This bipartisan legislation requires the President to implement a strategy to secure these systems and maximize their security. I look forward to the bills implementation, and to protecting the competitiveness of American companies and the privacy of American consumers."The legislation passed in the U.S. House last night is the companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6979750 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: January 13, 2020End of Document

U.S. HOUSE PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN THREATSStates News ServiceJanuary 8, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 909 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of Virginia Rep. Abigail Spanberger:The U.S. House of Representatives today voted 413 to 3 to pass a bipartisan bill led by U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger that would build a national strategy to protect 5G telecommunications systems in the United States and among U.S. allies.According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy.The Spanberger-led Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. This strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains reliable internet access. Spanberger introduced this bipartisan legislation in May 2019 alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21)."To protect the privacy, data, and security of American consumers and companies, we need a national game plan to defend U.S. wireless systems from the next wave of cyber threats. Especially as more of our communities transition to high-speed 5G networks, we must build a smart strategy to defend against intrusions and prevent our networks from being compromised," said Spanberger. "Today, I was proud to see my Secure 5G and Beyond Act pass in the U.S. House, and I'm encouraged that my bill passed with 11 Republican and 16 Democratic cosponsorsshowing that the long-term security of our telecommunications systems is not a partisan issue. As we witness the growing influence of foreign-based 5G companies like Huawei and ZTE, this bill would level the playing field for American tech companies and defend the online security of American families and businesses. I encourage my colleagues in the U.S. Senate to take up this legislation for a vote as soon as possible.""In our 21st century economy, access to reliable, high-speed internet is crucial for access to education, tele-health, and countless other resources, especially in rural communities like my district," said O'Halleran. "However, we must ensure that, as this necessary telecommunications infrastructure evolves, we continue to prioritize the security and privacy of all Americans. I was proud to join a bipartisan group to pass this important bill that will allow these crucial systems to grow while protecting American interests from potential foreign threats and monopolies.""The United States needs to be proactive in preventing any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by our adversaries. In our increasingly interconnected world, that means protecting our telecommunications and infrastructure, and those of our allies, from malign foreign interference," said Rooney. "Today's passage of this critical bill, which I was honored to cosponsor, will assist in ensuring the safety, security, and freedom of the United States and in safeguarding our technology infrastructure.""Our economic competitiveness and our national security depend on a clear-eyed approach to China's influence in the 5G space," said Slotkin. "This bipartisan bill will requires an inter-agency strategy to mitigate this threat, protect U.S. companies and consumers, and prevent foreign influence in future telecommunications systems, and I'm proud it has passed the House today.""I'm proud to help pass this important bill to provide clarity and inter-agency strategy to secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States," said Stefanik. "Ensuring the United States remains a leading global competitor in both the economy and technology is critical to the future of our nation. This bipartisan legislation requires the President to implement a strategy to secure these systems and maximize their security. I look forward to the bills implementation, and to protecting the competitiveness of American companies and the privacy of American consumers."The legislation passed in the U.S. House today is the companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; andProtect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.Click here to read the full bill text.BACKGROUNDSpanberger's bipartisan bill was passed in the House Foreign Affairs Committee in October 2019 and passed in the House Energy and Commerce Committee in November 2019.###Load-Date: January 9, 2020End of Document

Center for Strategic & International Studies: Ongoing Goings On - A News Update on WTOTargeted News ServiceFebruary 1, 2020 Saturday 5:17 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 3165 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Center for Strategic and International Studies issued the following report:* * *- A Challenging Road Ahead* * *Looking back, 2019 was a momentous year for the World Trade Organization (WTO). This year promises more tumult, especially ahead of the 12th Ministerial Conference (MC12) to be held in Kazakhstan in June. On e-commerce, at stake is the fate of the temporary moratorium on electronic transmissions customs duties, pitting developing states against established digital economies. After missing a self-imposed deadline, WTO negotiators will also look to ink an agreement on fisheries subsidies. Disputes may flare up over India's market access and tariffs on information and communication technology, while China faces salvos aimed at its agricultural and industrial subsidies. Finally, WTO members and leadership will try to build consensus on Appellate Body reform as the United States calls for deeper structural change.E-commerce Negotiation at WTOOn April 29, 2019, WTO Director-General Roberto Azevedo held an open workshop for member states to examine the implications of the electronic transmissions customs duties moratorium, focusing on the international development perspective. India and South Africa, however, issued a joint communique asking the WTO on June 4 to "revisit" issues relating to the moratorium renewal. Certain developing countries argue that the inability to place customs duties on electronic transmissions robs them of revenue and prevents them from producing globally competitive internet companies. The United States, European Union, other developed countries, and the international business community are proponents of extending the moratorium. They argue that the moratorium is necessary to prevent costly distortions in internet-driven commerce.By September, the International Chamber of Commerce announced its support for a permanent moratorium ahead of its scheduled years-end expiration, but India and South Africa remained unmoved, both encouraging a "rethink" of the ban in an internal document. Despite dissent from countries seeking to protect their local digital economies, WTO members temporarily extended the moratorium on December 10. In a positive turn, Indonesia, which had previously raised concerns over the moratorium, engaged in these talks along with major economies such as the United States, European Union, and Japan. However, the largest recent plurilateral trade agreement, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), leaves out a prohibition on e-commerce customs duties, suggesting wavering support at least within a large bloc of member states. Kicking the can down the road, states will have to rehash the issue at the June 2020 ministerial meeting in Kazakhstan.Several economies put forth proposals on e-commerce in 2019. The United States issued a statement that calls for an "enforceable" agreement with "the same obligations for all participants." Washington also prefers to address the issues of cross-border data flows and data localization in an e-commerce deal and will likely seek obligations in line with those in the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) or the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). In contrast, China has been more hesitant about setting rules on data flows and storage at the WTO, citing "divergent views" between developed and developing economies. The Chinese delegation seeks to "strike a balance" between international rule-making and the sovereign right to regulate, with a "reasonable level of ambition" in mind. Beijing's statements appear to be in line with its belief in "cyber sovereignty," as well as a recent doubling down on sweeping cybersecurity laws, data localization, and internet censorship.Brussels issued two broad proposals last year. Its April 2019 statement sets standards on electronic contracts and authentication, consumer protection, spam mitigation, open internet access, and market access conditioned on source code transfer. It also recommends an update of the WTO reference paper on telecommunication services to include the maintenance of market competition measures, the right for WTO members to self-define universal service obligations, and the obligation for members to create independent regulatory authorities for telecommunications. Finally, on market access, the proposal requests that members join the International Technology Agreement and its expansionary pact, provide national treatment for computer services, and liberalize telecommunications services. In its October 2019 proposal, the European Union endorsed replacing the WTO reference paper on telecommunication services with disciplines in individual WTO members' schedules. These disciplines cover competition protections, non-discriminatory interconnection practices, and autonomy for states to define their own universal service obligations.Sealing an e-commerce deal by MC12 may be too ambitious to be feasible. Instead, members will hope to show some concrete progress by the MC12 and set their sights on the 2022 ministerial conference to wrap up the deal. On January 24, 35 WTO trade ministers looked for common ground at the World Economic Forum meeting in Davos; after discussion, some members still claimed the need to "deepen their understanding of these issues" before taking a stance on the moratorium. MC12 could represent an important inflection point for businesses with a large stake in cross-border data flows and seamless e-commerce to weigh in with top trade officials from around the world. Concerted business advocacy at MC12 would help sustain momentum in the negotiations over the next few years.Fisheries Negotiation at WTOSpecial and differential treatment for developing countries remains a sticking point in fisheries subsidies negotiations. In early May 2019, Director-General Azevedo opened a trust fund to encourage greater participation in fisheries talks and support the costs of least-developed countries (LDCs) traveling to Geneva for negotiations. In a gesture of goodwill, Norway and Australia, both proponents of non-preferential treatment for LDCs, each contributed around $1 million.Members of the Negotiating Group on Rules, the forum in which fisheries negotiations take place at the WTO, met several times in May for negotiations, with some delegates looking to move forward a consolidated draft agreement before the group's August recess. By mid-June, four more groups submitted proposals. These texts included : a joint submission by 10 countries, including the United States, to prohibit illegal, unreported, and unregulated (IUU) fishing subsidies; an Australian proposal against overfishing; a Chinese proposal to cap government support programs with flexibilities for developing countries; and an Indian appeal for special treatment for LDCs. In March, the United States and Australia submitted a proposal to cap a WTO member's harmful fisheries subsidies based on that member's marine capture and exports. That proposal splits members into three tiers based on their marine capture and exports--each with its own subsidy cap rules--and omits special and differential treatment. At the July plenary session of the Global Review of Aid for Trade, Director-General Azevedo highlighted the need to reach an "ambitious" agreement on fishing subsidies.Talks stretched on through the fall. Meetings of the Negotiating Group on Rules in September yielded four more proposals, but without a sitting chairperson, the group lacked central leadership. Speakers at the Public Forum, the WTO's largest outreach event, reaffirmed the environmental urgency of reaching an agreement; the new chair of the Negotiating Group on Rules, Ambassador Santiago Wills of Colombia, also emphasized the value of a fisheries agreement for the body's credibility.Some positive signs emerged in November when members of the Committee on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures praised improvements in subsidy reporting rates by 17 of the 26 countries believed to most heavily subsidize their fishing fleets, signaling a greater level of cooperation from these states. However, members remained skeptical about reaching an agreement at the Negotiating Group on Rules, resolving to ignore the end-of-year UN deadline and instead hold six small group and plenary meetings ahead of MC12 in June 2020. In an internal report, Colombian Ambassador and Chair of the Negotiating Group on Rules Santiago Wills expressed his frustration about the "quite modest" progress made "at this late stage," blaming member states for refusing to budge on long-held points of contention. Talks resume this month and will continue through May 11.Countries Not Meeting Their Information Technology Agreement (ITA) ObligationsAfter years of complaints, three WTO members--the European Union, Japan, and Taiwan--all opened disputes against India in 2019 over tariffs on information and communications technology (ICT) goods, claiming that the tariffs breach India's ITA obligations. India claims the tariffs in question do not violate its ITA commitments because they cover products not envisioned under the agreement. In October, a Congressional Research Service report also cited India's ITA non-compliance as a major barrier to U.S.-India trade relations and a potential bilateral agreement.Although the United States and other members have raised similar concerns with China over tariffs on semiconductors thought to be covered by the ITA, Washington did not bring a case against Beijing in 2019. Meanwhile, semiconductors have acted as a punching bag for both sides of the U.S.-China trade spat.U.S.-EU-Japan Trilateral Yields ResultsAfter more than two years and a half-dozen meetings between trade officials from the three largest liberalized economies, the group announced a substantial set of agreements on January 14, 2020. The talks that began with a shared statement about "serious concerns for the proper functioning of international trade" during the 11th Ministerial Conference in Buenos Aires have now produced concrete methods of bolstering WTO rules on industrial subsidies. The release suggests that the burden of proof should fall on the accused WTO member to demonstrate that it does not offer certain types of harmful subsidies, such as those that are excessively large or prevent market exit for non-competitive firms. It also proposes several additions to the WTO Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures (ASCM), the document that enables WTO members to bring disputes against countries imposing unfair subsidies. The group supports beefing up provisions in the ASCM to:Expand the list of unconditionally prohibited subsidies to include unlimited guarantees, subsidies to entities that are insolvent or unable to obtain independent financing, and certain direct debt forgiveness;Identify examples of serious prejudice due to capacity distortions;Incentivize proper notification of subsidies;Recognize more government-directed subsidizing entities; andEmpower complainants to construct new prices in countervailing duty (CVD) cases against non-market economies.The initiative aims to fill gaps in WTO agreements that China has habitually exploited. For example, adding language to the ASCM to "describe the circumstances in which domestic prices can be rejected" would allow members to impose harsher countervailing duties against China or another perpetrator.The latest statement reaffirms priorities outlined in prior trilaterals, such as encouraging market-oriented conditions, improving WTO compliance, pushing China to relinquish its claim as a developing country, participating in international forums and rule-making platforms, and building consensus on combating forced technology transfer. All of these further opportunities for cooperation see China as at least one of the principal reasons for concern, if not the main reason.Especially compared to the limited gains of the bilateral Phase One Agreement between the United States and China, this resolution represents a major step of plurilateral action against unfair Chinese trade practices. However, the trilateral still leaves one major issue unresolved: the "public body" definition. To be eligible for countervailing duties through the ASCM, a subsidy must be provided by "a government or any public body"; private companies under heavy state influence in countries such as China have not fallen within this scope. The statement sets out to broaden the "public body" definition without outlining any specific criteria. The three economies have agreed on the offenses but not the offenders, limiting the utility of the new rules for now.More on the HorizonOn April 26, 2019, the dispute settlement body (DSB) accepted the panel report on Chinese agricultural subsidies; in May, China notified the DSB that it planned on meeting the set obligations. Both complainant and respondent agreed on an implementation deadline for China of March 31, 2020.Despite threats following its loss of Generalized System of Preferences (GSP) status, India has not filed a new WTO complaint against the United States. The Office of the U.S. Trade Representative revoked India's GSP status in March 2019 after an investigation found New Delhi to be preventing equitable market access for U.S. products. Eligibility for the GSP program, meant to forge trade ties between developing economies and the United States, requires open market access along with six other criteria. Bilateral talks to restore India's status have yet to bear fruit.Meanwhile, the year's most noteworthy event at the WTO was the dissolution of the Appellate Body (AB). As of December 11, the AB lacks a quorum to hear appeals, representing a major blow to the WTO's dispute settlement function and legitimacy. Despite exhortations by Director-General Azevedo to avert the crisis and the "law of the jungle" that would ensue without a rules-based dispute resolution system, the United States refused to allow nominees to be selected to fill vacancies. Just a few days before the deadline, members remained unsure whether any pending AB cases would be heard after it lost its quorum. The final three AB members have since disclosed that they will adjudicate on four pending cases before the body ceases to function. Without an AB to hear appeals, members that lose in the initial panel phase of WTO dispute settlement can still exercise their right to appeal, sending the dispute into limbo since action on the appeal could not be concluded. This dynamic may undermine the enforceability of WTO rules in a multilateral framework and erode the value of WTO commitments.The absence of an AB to hear future appeals has created divergent responses among the WTO membership. The United States claims that reports issued in the outstanding disputes that will receive an AB report are not technically "Appellate Body reports" as defined by WTO rules; however, the United States has not said that it will block the adoption of reports issued by the three former AB members who are working on a few cases that they had already begun working on prior to the expiration of their terms. Without a functioning AB to hear new appeals, the European Union has corralled a few members, including Norway and Canada, into an interim appellate system that mirrors the WTO's procedure, with former WTO AB members acting as judges. The legal value of those reports also remains unclear. Vietnam, Taiwan, and Indonesia have come up with another alternative in the absence of an AB. The three countries have agreed not to appeal the panel report in their complaint over an Indonesian steel safeguard without an AB quorum to hear it. Whether other countries agree to abstain from appealing other decisions remains to be seen.Going forward, Director-General Azevedo has launched consultations on how to relieve the "paralysis" at the AB. In November 2018, the European Union partnered with two separate coalitions to issue joint proposals for AB reform--one amending the Dispute Settlement Understanding, the other changing the body's structure and term limits--that were both rejected by the United States. Taiwan suggested in February 2019 that WTO members begin by clarifying guidelines for the next AB; in April, Honduras introduced an approach that would codify limits to the AB's ability to set legal precedent in its reports. Brazil's approach aligns more closely with the United States' stated interests, barring panel and AB reports from setting precedent and restricting AB members from working on appeals after their terms expire without special authorization. Additional communications from Japan, Chile, and Australia; Thailand; China; and the African Group all present cases for AB reform as well.Ambassador David Walker of New Zealand, facilitator of the AB reform process, issued several revised reports in mid-2019 outlining points of convergence among WTO members. These points sought to satisfy many U.S. demands by strongly articulating rules for outgoing AB members, obligating the AB to issue reports within 90 days, prohibiting the creation of precedent, and more. However, the United States remains dissatisfied with the sum of these reform efforts, accusing the changes of "papering over" systemic problems. Even with the new proposed language, the U.S. delegation asserts that some members will continue to flout WTO rules to the detriment of the United States. Therefore, it asks that members "engage in a discussion on how we have come to this point" before trying to reach a negotiated solution.Members will seek to resolve the AB impasse by MC12 in June. However, complaints over what reforms it will take for the United States to unblock the nomination process continue to frustrate WTO members. While the U.S. complaints about the AB are well-detailed, U.S. officials have yet to put forward detailed reforms, instead opting to ask members "why" the AB ultimately strayed from many of the requirements members laid out for it. A 2019 survey of WTO delegations reveals that while many members sympathize with the United States' position that the AB has "gone beyond its boundaries," most states support the general structure of the DSU and resent U.S. stonewalling tactics.Written by William ReinschWilliam Reinsch holds the Scholl Chair in International Business at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, D.C. Jack Caporal is an associate fellow with the CSIS Scholl Chair. Jonathan Lesh is an intern with the CSIS Scholl Chair.From time to time, CSIS Scholl Chair in International Business will be providing news updates about the World Trade Organization. You can find our 2019 update here (https://www.csis.org/analysis/ongoing-goings-news-update-wto).Download the report at https://csis-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/s3fs-public/publication/ReinschCaporalLesh_WTO_Update_WEB%20FINAL.pdf?8jaWlBts.Fbf5bQ_ivG8.Av_fgaGy39K[Category: Political]Copyright Targeted News Servicesnull-7004657 TeamManagerLoad-Date: February 1, 2020End of Document

The ghost of the coronavirus will disturb the GSMA throughout 2020, after the cancellation of the MWCCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 13, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1190 wordsBody"A Cause of Force Majeure" liquidated the 2020 edition of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona(MWC). The psychosis that unleashed the coronavirus throughout the mobile industry is the cause and the GSMA,the organizer of this fair, does not have to compensate the approximately 120 million euros in gross revenue and 75 million euros in net profits that attracts by the organization of this forum.This association may have to use its bank reserves and must tone its overall structure to meet its commitments throughout 2020. The impact of the coronavirus will take its toll on the GSMA, analysts said.The impacts of the epidemic originating in China does not stay in Barcelona,which in the last year saw an economic spill of 500 million euros for all industries of the city for maintaining the headquarters of the Mobile World Congress. The coronavirus could now infect the June regional forums of the GSMA in Shanghai or San Francisco,a possibility that forces the GSMA to do a reflection exercise to determine whether and how it reacted belatedly and how it spread a virus that in thirty days spread across twenty countries.The cancellation of the MWC in Barcelona again aroused rumors that within the organization there are non-conformities among Western partners who point to a preference for Chinese partners and an increasing weight of these in the control bodies or decision-making policies. Until one day before the forum was cancelled, more than 95% of the companies that withheld their participation were U.S. and European, and the departure of Facebook and Ericsson was the final notice for the partnership. And to push, from the industry you hear the voices that the organization has bureaucratized too much.Experts agree that technological development does not stop at the cancellation of the GSMAMWC this year and a time is opened for national regulatory bodies to reflect on public policies that help push 5G technology deployments, while operators could fine-tune more viable business models on this new standard of communication. If the cancellation of the Mobile World Congress is also part of all that plot that pits China against the United States in technological development, then coronavirus would only be a pretext within a geopolitical issue, because other major forums in the fashion sectors persist in Berlin and Milan.  "It's possible and maybe it's a little bit of everything," specialists said."Development continues... There were already real 5G pilots and demonstrations since 2017, although without clearly having business deployed (...) What has been there is a concern (from the West) that at every event Chinese industry, especially Huawei, has gone from being an outcast to taking entire pavilions, creating verticals for all its mobile businesses, networks, cloud and other solutions infrastructure and spectrum. Huawei has built its own ecosystem there of verticals that impact theindustry," said Rodrigo Ramírez Pinto, Chile's former vice-minister of telecommunications during Michelle Bachelet's second term.In 2019, Huawei's presence at the MWC in Barcelona was notable and the Chinese company felt called by mobile operators in the face of attacks by the U.S. government that year."The Chinese delegation has an important weight and hence conspiracy theories. Thus, the coronavirus could be an argument to send a signal to stop any advances in Chinese industry and give time, but it is not quick to make development. I don't know if there were all the conditions to suspend the MWC, because in Berlin and Milan there are still expos of significant fashion and automotive industries, but the overall focus was on the Mobile," Rodrigo Pinto said.For the internationalist Adolfo Laborde, researcher at Anahuac University,the cancellation first of companies of the West and then the definitive suspension of the festival follows an event of conjuncture such as the impact of coronavirus, whose appearance is framed in a moment of stretching and loosening between China-U.S.relations, with effects on world geopolitics. The problem is that the GSMA may have been affected."The situations are very important in the changes in power and in international relations, and this is one of those junctures (...) Of course, the entire critical mass of the United States, which also includes its technology companies, will take advantage of this juncture to try to reverse or shorten distances in that market, because we must remember who is becoming the masters of the Telecommunications. That there could be impacts on value chains or contracts; or Chinese suppliers could be blocked. Barcelona is far from China and I think it could ensure people' health... (...) This will serve as a springboard for recovering economic and technological ground; the question is whether they will make it," Laborde said.Even with voices of inhabitants the same Barcelona that rejected the organization of the Mobile World Congress of Barcelona of the GSMA, even in support of arguments that telecommunication networks are harmful to health, this forum was growing in economic importance for the city.According to estatista's data, taken up by the newspaper Expansión de España, the fair left an impact of 100 million euros for Barcelona in 2006; EUR 220 million in 2011, another EUR 430 million in 2015 and EUR 473 million in 2018. This data reveals the importance of the forum for brainstorming and as a space for doing business and demonstrations of technological advances.There is the site for the promotion of ideas, summed up Pedro Huichalaf Roa, former undersecretary in Chile's Subtel regulator. Therefore, the cancellation of the MWC will also harm the city by the temporary economies that are created.But, "this can give pause among countries that are already deploying technology in an accelerated manner compared to those that do not yet have defined a roadmap for their public policy orientation with 5G technology, which promises to be positive, because it will serve to multiple applications and services; and it is a pause for companies to focus on developing business models and deployments that are in line with public policies, which are obviously in the best interests of people; that bridged the gap between the connected and the disconnected," Pedro Huichalaf said.For Juan Gnius, analyst at Telracom,it is early to determine that the cancellation of the MWC is the result of the China-U.S. crossing and that it will depend on the GSMA itself how it manages to get around theeffects of bringing Mobile World Congress to 2021:"WCM suspension affects business more than technological development. What's lost is the business. It will then depend on the time it takes for this coronavirus epidemic to be controlled to claim that technological development was affected, that it sticks with that if it also affects marketing or whether they create barriers to commercialization with China. But suppose that a Chinese supplier is prohibited from exporting its technology for two months, that is not enough to supplant with equipment or to generate new technological development. This, in principle, is business."KgLoad-Date: February 14, 2020End of Document

Taiwan president urges voters to turn out, uphold democracyAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 10, 2020 Friday 2:03 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 768 wordsByline: By TAIJING WU and ELAINE KURTENBACH, Associated PressDateline: TAIPEI, Taiwan BodyTAIPEI, Taiwan (AP) - T aiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen urged her supporters to turn out at the polls in force as campaigning for national elections wrapped up Friday with last minute stumping and rousing rallies before this weekend's election."Every one of us must vote!" Tsai told a late night rally in downtown Taipei. "T his is for the sake of Taiwan's youth, for the sake of their future!"Tsai, of the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, was leading by a comfortable margin in most polls and was expected to triumph Saturday over her Nationalist Party rival, Han Kuo-yu, and James Soong, of the smaller People First Party.The Nationalists, however, were hoping to erode the DPP's 68-seat majority in the 113-member legislature, where Nationalists hold 35 seats. Minor parties and independents hold the rest of the seats.Taiwan elections are lively events that generally revolve around economic, public welfare and social justice issues, though China's threat to annex the self-governing island by force always looms large in the background.After losing badly in local elections 14 months ago, Tsai's party has gotten a boost from hostile words and actions from Beijing. Months of sometimes violent anti-government protests in Hong Kong have helped convince many in Taiwan that Beijing's "one country, two systems" formula for governing that city is untenable.Still it is likely that further deadlock and heightened pressure from China will result if Tsai wins a second, four-year term.At Tsai's rally, her backers waved pink and green flags and chanted, "2020, let's win!" and "Ing must triumph!"Tsai's campaign has focused on the need to protect the island's thriving democracy, which she says should be a model for Hong Kong, rather than the other way around."The young people of Hong Kong are watching you!" Tsai said. "Democracy must win, freedom must win ... Taiwan must win!"Tsai's cause has been helped, by a fortuitous rebound in Taiwan's high-tech economy. Stock prices have remained robust and wages have risen slightly, partly thanks to Taiwanese exporters relocating from China to cut costs and avoid the bruising effects of the U.S.-China trade war.In the southern port city of Kaohsiung on Friday, thousands of fans of her rival Han, who is the city's mayor, waved red and blue Taiwan flags, blew horns and chanted their support. Soong of the smaller People First Party, also planned a rally.Han has slumped in the polls following a series of gaffes and allegations of shady financial dealings. He has clung to a pro-China policy despite widespread distrust of the mainland and the backlash against Beijing's handling of the Hong Kong protests.Beijing has taken an especially hard-line against Tsai since her 2016 inauguration, infuriated by her refusal to endorse its claim that Taiwan and the mainland belong to a single China.Beijing cut off all formal ties with her government, restricted visits by Chinese tourists, excluded Taiwan's representatives from international gatherings and peeled away more of the island's dwindling diplomatic allies, leaving it with just 15.Stepping up its threats, Beijing has in recent months held military exercises across the Taiwan Strait, sailed both of its aircraft carriers through the waterway that divides Taiwan from the mainland and flown air patrols around the island.However, in an apparent effort to avoid antagonizing voters, Chinese leader Xi Jinping didn't renew the threat of using force against Taiwan during his annual New Year's Eve address, even though he reiterated China's firm opposition to Taiwan's formal independence. Chinese state media have been notably silent on the election.Analysts say the low-key approach masks a more subtle campaign to back Han and Nationalist candidates for the legislature through media manipulation and social media campaigns.Seeking to scupper such attempts, the legislature last month passed an anti-infiltration bill laying out fines and prison sentences for those seeking to manipulate Taiwan's political system on behalf of China or other foreign powers.In comments to the media on Thursday, Taiwan's Foreign Minister Joseph Wu said Tsai's government doesn't plan to rock the boat with a formal declaration of independence."Maintaining the status quo is in the best interest of everyone concerned. We will not provoke any conflict with China, but we are absolutely determined to defend Taiwan's democracy," Wu said.___Wu contributed from Kaohsiung, Taiwan. Associated Press journalists Ken Moritsugu, Johnson Lai, Tassanee Vejpongsa, Emily Wang and Yves Dam Van also contributed.Load-Date: January 11, 2020End of Document

History of Twitter: Facts and What's Happening in 2019TheStreet.comJanuary 2, 2020 Thursday 12:40 PM EDTCopyright 2020 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 3486 wordsByline: Jack MeyerHighlight: Today, Twitter is one of the most recognizable and influential platforms on the planet. How did it get there?BodyThese days, Jack Dorsey wakes up in his $10 million seaside home in San Francisco before starting his day as CEO of a social media company that attracts 326 million monthly active users who send out a staggering 500 million posts a day: Twitter.How this all came about can look painfully straightforward. Dorsey invented the platform, it turned out to be a hit, and with time and experience, he ascended to his rightful place as CEO. But in a company like Twitter  , which went through three CEOs in two years, the truth of the story may be darker than the bright blue bird would suggest.The truth may be that its evolution was not the linear, carefully-guided direction of one man, but a product of conflicts played out in boardroom clashes and backroom meetings, all while the site's true value became more apparent to its founders and the world, one tweet at a time.How Was Twitter Founded?On March 21, 2006, Twitter emerged from the ashes of another startup, Odeo. Evan Williams, flush with cash after agreeing to Google's  acquisition of his last startup, Blogger, agreed to enter a business venture with his neighbor, Noah Glass. The two worked on a platform supporting what they saw as the new radio, podcasting. Leaving Google and taking one of his co-workers and friends, Biz Stone, Williams secured funding and began work on the podcasting platform, Odeo.Along the way, a chance encounter led to a new employee, Jack Dorsey. Dorsey had been working in a coffee shop, writing basic code for a ticketing company, when Evan Williams walked in. Recognizing the the minor Silicon Valley celebrity and eager to find a more interesting line of work, Dorsey found William's email online and sent over his resume. A few back-and-forths and one interview later, Dorsey became part of the Odeo team.Despite the hype surrounding William's next venture, the platform gained little attention. Possibly from the timing of the service, possibly from its quality, or possibility from the increasing tension between the reserved and slow-moving leadership style of Evan Williams and the loud and frenetic style of Noah Glass, who didn't officially run the company but took on an increasingly outspoken role as it progressed. Whatever the reason, the company hit rock bottom once Apple  announced in 2005 that they would include podcasting in their juggernaut streaming service (  ), iTunes.Desperate to pivot from a now untenable situation, Williams held a series of hackathons among Odeo employees, in which they were told to put their normal tasks on hold and work on whatever side projects they had, with questions like "If you were to start a new company today, or reinvent Odeo, what would you build?" guiding their day.Part of Williams' motivations to hold these were from hearing conversations between Glass and Dorsey. Dorsey had been tossing around a concept he called "status." It came from his time using live blogging services where users would send "away" messages when they weren't active. They would usually include an update on what they were doing at the moment, their status. He saw a platform there, where people could text message their status to the public. He told Glass, who immediately championed the idea to Williams and any Odeo board members who would listen.On the last hackathon, Dorsey built and early vision of his platform. Once all the employee's projects were looked over, Williams decided Dorsey's looked the strongest and would be the one Odeo's resources would now go to. Noah loved the idea and even spent a day combing through the dictionary to find its name:1. The light chirping sound made by certain words.2. A similar sound, especially light, tremulous speech or laughter.3. Agitation or excitement; flutter.Twitter.But how would this platform, hacked together over a day in what was essentially a hail Mary pass, come to be one of the most popular and powerful websites on the planet?Twitter TimelineHere's some of what you should know to understand how Twitter got to where it is today.November 2004- Evan Williams leaves Google with co-worker Biz Stone to work with neighbor Noah Glass as CEO of Odeo. June 2005 - Apple  announces podcasting for iTunes, dooming Odeo's chances for success February 2006 - Dorsey and Glass discuss a "status" concept where people can send out text messages letting others know what they're doing. The idea is then discussed among Glass, Williams, and Stone. March 2006 - Dorsey hacks together an early version of Twitter (then - taking a cue from flickr--called twttr), sending the first tweet "just setting up my twttr." July 2006 - Motivated by increasing workplace tension and the support of Dorsey, Williams fires Glass. October 2006 - Williams, Stone, and Dorsey acquire the majority of assets from Odeo's investors and shareholders as the company pivots into Twitter. March 2007 - Twitter wins "best startup" at South by Southwest, making its first crack into mainstream recognition April 2007 - Twitter officially becomes its own company. Williams chooses Dorsey as its CEO. June 2007 - Twitter holds its first round of funding, raising $5 million and receiving a valuation of $20 million. August 2007 - The hashtag "#" makes its debut, supposedly started by user Chris Messina. October 2008 - With frustration over unaddressed server failures and the encouragement of Evan Williams, Twitter's shareholders remove Dorsey as CEO, replacing him with Williams. April 2009 - A Twitter feud between Ashton Kutcher and CNN over who would be the first to reach one million followers (Kutcher won) followed by Williams appearing on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" to set up her account leads to record-setting rates of new user sign ups. April 2009 - Dorsey travels with several tech entrepreneurs to Iraq as part of a U.S.-sponsored effort for Silicon Valley leaders to provide the new Iraq government advice on how to create a tech-friendly atmosphere. Also part of Dorsey's media campaign to cement his status as inventor and founder of Twitter. April 2009 - Twitter executives Evan Williams and Biz Stone are listed under Time's 100 most influential people in the world. Dorsey is not included. June 2009 - Twitter delays planned server maintenance while Iranian protesters use it to stage post-election demonstrations. This comes after a U.S. State Department official emails the company to encourage the delay. September 2009 - Dick Costolo is brought on board as COO to help Twitter's profitability, tweets joke, "First full day Twitter COO tomorrow. Task #1 undermine CEO, consolidate power." November 2009 Twitter changes "What's your status" to "What's happening." April 2010 - Twitter announces use of promoted tweets for advertising, creating its first clear avenue for consistent profitability. June 2010 - Twitter servers crash while Russian president Dmitry Medyedev visits offices for his first tweet, come back just in time for him to send it. October 2010 - Following a series of meetings with Jack Dorsey, the board removes Evan Williams as CEO, replacing him with Dick Costelo under the assumption that Dorsey will eventually take his place. July 2011 - The White House hosts a Twitter town hall with President Barack Obama and Jack Dorsey as moderator. June 2011 - Cofounder Biz Stone announces departure from his day-to-day role at Twitter. September 2011- Twitter reaches 100 million users. December 2011 - Twitter redesigns profile and timeline of Tweets, adding Home, Connect, and Discover tabs for a layout that brings many comparisons to Facebook  . June 2012 - Twitter modifies its logo, removing text to make the slightly redesigned blue bird its symbol. October 2012 - Twitter acquires Vine. December 2012 - Twitter passes 200 million monthly active users November 2013- Twitter releases its IPO, starting out with a valuation of $31 billion. November 2014 - Twitter announces instant timeline. December 2014 - Twitter releases new anti-harassment tools and announces that more effort will be put toward curbing online abuse. January 2015- Twitter acquires ZipDial. January 2015 - "While you were away" feature arrives. March 2015 - Twitter releases "Quality Filter" feature for iOS users to block bullying tweets from their feed. April 2015 - Twitter shares fall by 18%. May 2015- Google adds tweets to its search results. June 2015- Dick Costolo steps down as CEO with Jack Dorsey taking over. October 2015 - Twitter adds Twitter Moments. November 2015 - Twitter replaces favorite button and star symbol with like button and heart symbol. October 2016- Twitter lays off roughly 9% of its workforce, eliminating 350 jobs. October 2016 - Twitter discontinues the Vine app. January 2017- Twitter removes the Twitter dashboard feature and replaces "Moments" tab with "Explore" tab. November 2017 - Rogue Twitter employee on his last day deactivates President Donald Trump's account. Taken back online after 11 minutes. September 2018 - Jack Dorsey testifies before U.S. senate alongside Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg. November 2018 - Twitter expands from 140 to 280 word count. February 2019- Twitter replaces declining "monthly active users" metric with "monetizable daily active users" count. June 2019 - Twitter reveals data showing thousands of fake accounts linked to foreign governments like Iran and Russia. ProfitabilityFor all of Twitter's runaway success in attracting users, a question hounded it for years after its mainstream breakthrough: "How will it make money?" It could secure funding without a hitch, but year after year, its revenue held at a perfectly consistent $0.It's first brush with profitability came in 2009 when Twitter sold the right for its tweets to become viewable on the search engines of Bing and Google for the respective sums of $10 and $15 million.This, however, didn't offer a model for consistent profitability. The real question was how to introduce advertising in a way that wasn't over-obtrusive for users. The founders all adamantly wanted to avoid aping something as overtly-commercial as Facebook. The solution came in 2010 with promoted tweets.This continues to account for roughly 85% of Twitter's revenue, and it consists of a company paying so that a tweet, account, or trend (such as a particular hashtag) will show up on people's feeds, with money paid out on a per-click and per-retweet basis. In 2015, this model generated around $400 million in revenue.Twitter and VineIn October of 2012, Twitter made what looked at the time like a promising deal in  . The platform allowed for people to take 6-second clips capturing their daily lives and quickly became the internet's go-to spot for short-form videos.In 2013, the platform's dominant spot came under fire with Instagram's  . Snapchat  followed soon, allowing users to send 10-second clips to their friends. Vine failed to differentiate itself from the competition and soon found its users and advertisers shifting onto other newer platforms.Following changes of leadership, social media talent agencies, drafted and discarded plans for fusing Twitter and Vine, and a failed attempt at selling the platform, Twitter shut down Vine in October of 2016.Controversy"I Started This"After Williams fired him from Twitter, Noah Glass became effectively erased from the narrative of Twitter's founding. While some accounts of his erratic behavior at the time justified Williams' action, many employees also claim that no one in Odeo felt more passionately about the Twitter project than Glass and he was in many ways its spiritual leader.For a while his involvement remained largely unknown, not publicly available anywhere save for the caption on his now-inactive Twitter profile: "i started this." That is until a 2011 Business Insider piece tracked him and a host of former Odeo employees down to get the story.Following its publication, Williams tweeted "It's true that @Noah never got enough credit for his early role at Twitter. Also, he came up with the name, which was brilliant." Dorsey made no public comment on the story, but he later stated that he had no involvement in Glass' firing despite the reporting in Nick Bilton's "Hatching Twitter" claiming that he told Williams, "If Noah stays, I'm not going to work at the company."Clash of CEOsTwitter founders Evan Williams and Jack Dorsey had a fraught relationship to say the least. While beginning as friends, with Williams even choosing Jack as the person to lead Twitter, their relationship quickly soured. Williams became convinced that Dorsey lacked the experience to run the company. The consistent server crashes of the site's early years coupled with Dorsey taking time to pursue hobbies outside of work reportedly led Williams to take Dorsey aside and say, "You can either be a dressmaker or the CEO of Twitter."Williams convinced Twitter's shareholders that Dorsey couldn't run the company, and they, in turn, informed Dorsey that he would have to step down as CEO for an essentially ceremonial role as a silent board member with Evan as his replacement.The official narrative had been that a mutual agreement was reached where Dorsey would step down to perform other tasks in the company while the more-experienced Williams would steer the business side. In truth, Dorsey had no meaningful role at the company and was silently furious over it.He used the time to begin a new startup, Square  , and go on a media blitz to promote his own narrative. While not explaining the nature of his firing, Dorsey went on a wide press tour, accepting almost any interview opportunity that came his way to tell a story framing him as Twitter's sole inventor and the real mind behind the platform. This all came while attention exploded around founders and executives Evan Williams and Biz Stone as Twitter's popularity soared.As time passed and Twitter's shareholders changed, Dorsey eventually found people sympathetic to his side of the story. Beginning with Peter Fenton and ending with Dick Costolo, Dorsey, through a series of meetings unknown to Williams, won the majority of Twitter's board over to his side. This culminated in October of 2010 with the board informing a blindsided Williams that he would have to step down from his position as CEO. While some frustrations existed over Williams' lack of decisiveness in dealing with Twitter's slowing growth rate and lingering questions of profitability, the firing came mostly as a product of Dorsey's secret campaigning and as such came out of nowhere for the CEO.While the initial plan would have seen him completely removed from the company, an intervention from Biz Stone (who had been unaware of the coup) led Williams to taking on a role as director of product. But as it was with Dorsey, the former CEO discovered his position would be largely ceremonial, and in early 2011, Williams left his day-to-day operations at the company.The relationship between the two founders has reportedly softened in the years since then, with Williams tweeting support for Dorsey during his official return as CEO in 2015. In February of 2019, Williams sold his shares in the company, saying "I will continue rooting for the time as I work on other projects" (he began the web-publishing platform Medium in 2012). Dorsey tweeted "I appreciate you, Ev! You're the reason I joined Odeo in the first place."Political PressuresIn its inception, at least two of Twitter's founders, Evan Williams and Biz Stone, had a clear view for Twitter's political stance - nonexistent. In the same vein as their last project, Blogger, they envisioned an uncompromisingly neutral platform where anyone could publish anything without censorship.But even while these two founders were at the reign of the company, this vision didn't always appear to hold. During Iranian election protests in 2009, many viewed Twitter's choice to delay its scheduled server maintenance as influenced by an email they received from the U.S. State Department, and with that, an instance of them taking a political side.Whatever complaints about the political leanings of Twitter during the Evan Williams' years only grew under Jack Dorsey's leadership, a founder who, at least in its early years, never voiced an explicitly apolitical view of the company as his peers. A major example of their differences in philosophy came when, shortly following the departure of both Williams and Stone from their regular roles at the company, Dorsey accepted the role of moderator at a White House Twitter town hall with President Barack Obama.Now, with mounting complaints about online harassment and anxiety over governments and other organizations' use of Twitter as a tool of political manipulation, the pressure for Twitter to take some sort of stance has grown to a fever pitch. Several tools and policies have been put in place to address complaints, and more work than ever has gone into streamlining the process by which users can report tweets so that employees can determine whether what's been reported is allowed under its policy.Still, many have complained of biases in Twitter's enforcement of their policies, and others complain that the existence of any policy whatsoever evidence's Twitter taking on a political role that goes against the spirit of its founding.What's Happening in 2019?Presidential StatusNow, almost no day goes by where Twitter doesn't find itself somewhere in the headlines. This, of course, comes from President Donald Trump's use of the platform. His activity on Twitter has sparked commentary on all sides of the political spectrum. Some claim that his tweets fall under the categories of abuse outlined in Twitter's policy as bannable offenses, others defend it as an exercise of free speech to be preserved and defended.Jack Dorsey has remained markedly neutral on the subject, maintaining a narrative of firm belief in both the company's anti-harassment policies and the president's continued right to tweet within these parameters, despite others' objections that this line has already been crossed.Back in 2017, a Twitter employee on his last day deactivated the president's Twitter account (thinking it wouldn't actually go through). The employee was mistaken, and for 11 minutes, had accidentally erased the president's account. Though the president didn't comment on this after returning to the site, Dorsey has apologized for the incident, labeling it as a serious mistake.Trouble AbroadTwitter doesn't just make headlines in the U.S. Its role has come under increasing scrutiny across the globe.In Europe, where some of the strictest laws against the sharing of hate speech, violent content, and misinformation exist, Twitter has found itself in a struggle to balance its company's policies with the laws of the countries it operates in. The New York Times  reported that in 2018, Twitter received over 500,000 complaints about posts that violated German hate speech laws. Ten percent of the flagged posts were taken down, but the extent to which this comes from violation of Twitter or the country's rule remains an open question.Meanwhile, countries like Australia have gone one step further. Following the filmed murder of 50 people at a mosque in New Zealand, the country  and their executives if they failed to remove the video from its platform. Following this, the company announced it would experiment with ways of filtering out tweet replies from users' feeds.Another area that's put them in hot water is China. Officially, the site is blocked in the country. Despite this, many Chinese critics of the government circumvent the country's firewalls to communicate on the platform, often at great peril. Those caught using Twitter have been subject to interrogation, extended stays at detention centers, and forced deletion of their tweets and accounts. While Twitter has remained largely silent on China other than voicing its sadness at not being able to access the country, the company recently came under controversy after deactivating the accounts of over 100 Chinese political commentators days before the anniversary of the Tiananmen Square protest. Twitter apologized for the event, claiming it was an error in their programs designed to catch spam and inauthentic behavior. Chinese protesters, wary of the country's intensified censorship tactics around this anniversary, remain skeptical.Twitter StockTwitter has seen its ups and downs over the years, but for now, the company looks like  .Its shares  of 4.3% on June 13 after MoffettNathanson analyst Michael Nathanson doubled down on his criticisms of the company having a "stretched" valuation and not enough funding for its online security development. But a mixture of new user engagement initiatives, stable revenue growth, increasingly transparent user metrics, and competitive advantages over  (of whom enjoy higher valuations) suggest the company's future could still be looking bright.As of this writing, Twitter's  are around $37.18 per share.Load-Date: January 3, 2020End of Document

GBretaña: Huawei to be able to participate in high-speed networkCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 28, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 244 wordsBodyLONDON (AP) — The British government said Tuesday that Chinese technology company Huawei will be able to participate in its high-speed wireless network, but will be excluded from "core" parts of the system.The decision of the British National Security Council affects diplomatic relations with the United States and China.The infrastructure programme is seen as crucial to Britain's economic future as the country leaves the European Union. But it is a decision fraught with danger, as the United States opposes the contract due to fears of cyberespionage and has threatened to suspend security.The government said Tuesday that it is taking some steps that will allow it to "mitigate the potential risk to the supply chain and combat the range of threats, whether cybercriminals or state-sponsored attacks."Prime Minister Boris Johnson and President Donald Trump discussed the issue last week."There is no reason why we do not have technological progress in the UK, we allow consumers and businesses in the UK to have access to fantastic technology and communications, but at the same time protect our security interests and our societies crucial with other security powers around the world," Johnson said.It is an extremely difficult decision for the Johnson government, as it could engulf one of Britain's closest allies just when it needs a quick trade deal after Brexit. But London also doesn't want to offend Beijing, as it needs future trade deals with China.Load-Date: January 29, 2020End of Document

US accuses Huawei of extortion and theft of trade secretsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 13, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 448 wordsBodyThe US government's saga against Chinese telecoms company Huawei on Thursday added new elements of tension. Federal authorities included new allegations of extortion and conspiracy to steal trade secrets against the equipment manufacturer, two of its affiliates on this side of the Atlantic and its cfonor, Meng Wanzhou, awaiting extradition in Canada, where you are under house arrest.The additional charges are part of a criminal case already filed against Huawei in federal court in Brooklyn, New York, in January last year. But now Us prosecutors believe that the Chinese company stole intellectual property from at least six U.S. companies. Specifically, it is detailed that it achieved publicly unavailable material information related to robotics, mobile antenna technology, and Source Code of Internet routers.In this way, the US formally accuses the company of a total of 16 charges. The three new charges include conspiracy to steal trade secrets, conspiracy to commit electronic fraud, and organized crime conspiracy, under the Corrupt Organizations Act, RICO.The U.S. Department of Justice explained that Huawei allegedly implemented a policy that included a rewards program for employees who obtained confidential information from their competitors. This clause clearly determined, according to U.S. prosecutors, that workers who provided valuable information would be financially rewarded.The new indictment also states that the company violated sanctions against countries like North Korea and Iran by using local intermediaries to deliver their equipment. In one case, Iran is alleged to have used huawei-provided equipment to take strong action against mass demonstrations against the regime in 2009.Huawei denies mobile accessThe new charges come two days after the Wall Street Journal overcame US officials having determined that Huawei has been able to secretly access mobile phone networks through the use of "backdoors," which in the US only access ediff on a court permit. Huawei denied this information and said that not only has it never had secret access to telecommunications networks but it also has the capacity to do so.The US has banned the use of Huawei equipment on its networks and has encouraged its allies to do the same. Despite these warnings, the UK announced last month that the company would provide some equipment for facilitating its 5G network.On Tuesday, White House national security adviser Robert O'Brien recalled that the use of Huawei equipment in telecommunications networks around the world poses a risk to the security of the US and its allies, particularly if China offers build 5G networks for free in countries with fewer resources.Load-Date: February 14, 2020End of Document

Wall Street Set for Sharply Lower Open as Virus Outbreak Hits SentimentMT Newswires Live BriefsJanuary 27, 2020 Monday 9:12 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 339 wordsBody US stocks were set for sharp losses Monday as traders continued to evaluate the potential economic fallout from the fast-spreading coronavirus that emerged in China.Dow futures fell 1.6%, S&P futures declined 1.6% and Nasdaq futures decreased 1.9%.On Sunday, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed a fifth case of the virus in the United States.Oil prices fell, with global benchmark Brent Crude down 2.8% and US West Texas Intermediate down 2.9% recently, weighed down by concerns over the economic impact of the virus outbreak.At 10 am, data are expected to show US new home sales of 719,000 for December vs 719,000 in the previous month, according to Econoday.In equities, shares of Achillion (ACHN) were 17.6% higher pre-bell after the company said the US Federal Trade Commission granted early termination of the antitrust waiting period related to the company's sale to Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN).U.S. PRE-MARKET INDICATORS-Dow Jones Industrial down 1.6%-S&P 500 futures down 1.6%-Nasdaq 100 futures down 1.9%GLOBAL SENTIMENTNikkei down 2%Hang Seng market closed for holidayShanghai Composite market closed for holidayFTSE-100 down 2.2%DAX-30 down 2.3%PRE-MARKET SECTOR WATCH(-) Large cap tech: lower(-) Chip stocks: lower(-) Software stocks: lower(-) Hardware stocks: lower(-) Internet stocks: lower(-) Oil stocks: lower(-) Biotech stocks: unchanged to lower(-) Drug stocks: unchanged to lower(-) Financial stocks: lower(-) Retail stocks: lower(-) Industrial stocks: lower(-) Airlines: unchanged to lower(-) Autos: lowerUPSIDE MOVERS(+) NNVC (+42.7%) Closes $8.7 million stock offering(+) SXTC (+28.3%) Plans to boost production amid government plan for traditional Chinese medicines useDOWNSIDE MOVERS(-) BABA (-5.9%) Taobao removes listings of overpriced facemasks amid virus outbreak, report says(-) AAPL (-2.3%) Quarterhill's WiLAN unit wins $85.3 million judgement in Apple patent infringement case(-) TSLA (-4.5%) To use less water than initial estimate in planned factory in germany, report saysLoad-Date: January 28, 2020End of Document

HOW BRANDS CAN MAKE THE MOST OF TIKTOK; Take advantage of trends, connect with influencers and turn up the musicAdvertising AgeJanuary 13, 2020Print VersionCopyright 2020 Crain Communications All Rights ReservedSection: Pg. 9; Vol. 91Length: 929 wordsByline: Ilyse LiffreingBodyKind, Netflix, Chipotle and Walmart have hundreds of thousands of followers on TikTok. Red Bull, Radio Disney and the NBA have millions. Publishers including Complex, Group Nine and The Washington Post have joined because of the potential for engagement. On average, a user opens the app about nine times a day and spends more than 45 minutes on the platform, says Eric Jacks, chief strategy officer for Los Angeles-based studio Collab, which has helped brands jump-start their TikTok accounts.Perhaps because of that engagement, brands aren't yet apprehensive about the U.S. government's investigation into Chinese parent company ByteDance's collection of user data. It is examining whether China censors content seen by users in the U.S. or if the app could be used by foreign political interests.But succeeding on TikTok takes more than tossing around a few "OK, boomers." And music is almost an essential: When ByteDance bought Musical.ly and combined it with TikTok in 2017, Musical.ly's lip-synching elements quickly became popular. Now music, especially songs that go viral, drives content sharing. Here's how brands can make the most of TikTok.Embrace what's platform-intrinsicTikTok users don't want to see perfectly lit products set against filtered backgrounds, as they might on Facebook and Instagram. They want to see how people are really using a product-and sometimes singing along to it."If Instagram is all about your aspirational best life, super-polished and filtered, than TikTok is really about being raw, honest and filming in your bedroom," says Evan Horowitz, CEO of New York-based agency Movers and Shakers, which worked with e.l.f. Cosmetics for its first foray on the platform in October.Instead of licensing music or using songs that are already trending, in October e.l.f became the first brand to create its own TikTok song with its hashtag challenge #eyeslipsface. Users can select the song, sing along and share with the hashtag.The hashtag challenge received 1.7 billion views in just over a week, and 3.7 billion views to date for e.l.f, which has more than 8,000 followers on the platform. The effort broke several TikTok records, including having the most people participate in a branded hashtag challenge.Start with hashtag challengesTikTok offers five ad products, including brand takeovers, in-feed video, branded lenses and a "top-view" video. But most brands begin with branded hashtag challenges. According to a leaked TikTok pitch deck aimed at advertisers, hashtag challenges cost $150,000 a day.Chipotle, which has nearly 200,000 TikTok followers, has used hashtag challenges around key events the brand celebrates, including Cinco de Mayo and National Guac Day. Its #GuacDance hashtag challenge in July, for which users shared their own "guac dances," received 250,000 video submissions and 430 million views in six days.Chipotle's in-house team and its agency, Day One, can be in the restaurant and create content for the platform in 20 minutes, says Tressie Lieberman, VP of digital marketing and off-premise at Chipotle. "You don't have the time to perfect everything on this platform," she says.Using trending songs in posts can be just as beneficial as hashtags, says Arman Walia, director of social media at Complex. "With TikTok you use the music and there are certain songs that are going viral," he says. "So if you use that song, it'll get on that page everyone is using."TikTok's "For you" section, which appears when users open the app, is where trending content is highlighted. Popular TikTok songs include "The Nights" by Avicii, "iSpy" by Kyle and "Old Town Road" by Lil Nas X (TikTok is where the rapper got his start, after all). Music licensed for TikTok cannot legally be posted to other platforms.Influencers are everythingA major component of TikTok is the slew of creators who quickly amassed followings. Most brands that have launched hashtag challenges have also paid influencers to get the ball rolling.Jacks says influencers are key to getting people to talk about anything. "You have videos that are inspiring other videos and it feels more like a conversation," he says. "Rather than posting comments, people will see a video, and they will emulate that video with their own personal style or twist. That's really unique."Collab worked with Chipotle to find TikTok influencers who would provide a voice for its hashtag challenges. Chipotle has worked with TikTok influencers Zach King (27.2 million followers), Brent Rivera (16 million followers), David Dobrik (6.4 million followers) and Brittany Broski (2 million followers).And some brands have succeeded without even trying. Home Depot might not seem like a brand that would fit on TikTok, but it found an audience after its theme song went viral, with users creating their own dances using the brand's tune. The hashtag #homedepot has had 70 million views and counting, even though Home Depot does not have an account.Think beyond TikTokBrands are sharing TikTok content to expand campaigns off the platform. For the face of its holiday campaign "Aero Oneness," Aéropostale is using TikTok star Cameron Campbell @camodancer94, who has 74,800 followers. He appears throughout Aéropostale's site, and has his own dedicated page. E.l.f took its TiKTok song #eyeslipsface and expanded it into a regular song and placed it on Spotify.Kory Marchisotto, chief marketing officer of e.l.f., says the song has been streamed 1.5 million times outside of TikTok and is on 20,000 Spotify playlists. She says "the music has taken on a complete life of its own."Load-Date: January 16, 2020End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 8 of 56New details of China-U.S. deal reveal before signing in white house  Page 10 of 56Bay Street Seen Opening Higher  Page 12 of 56Bay Street Seen Opening Higher  Page 14 of 56CORONAVIRUS GENOME POSTED ON THE UCSC GENOME BROWSER  Page 17 of 56Wall Street Set for Rebound, but Virus Fears Linger  Page  of Maine US Senate candidate speaks out about tenure at Google  Page 20 of 564 things to know about the China coronavirus  Page 22 of 56ICYMI: ON C-SPAN'S "THE COMMUNICATORS," SPANBERGER CALLS FOR STRONGER U.S. RESPONSE TO FOREIGN-BASED CYBER THREATS, HIGHLIGHTS HER BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATI....  Page 24 of 56On C-SPAN's 'The Communicators,' Rep. Spanberger Calls for Stronger U.S. Response to Foreign-Based Cyber Threats, Highlights Her Bipartisan Bill to Build Nation....  Page 26 of 56U.S. HOUSE PASSES O'HALLERAN-BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN THREATS  Page 28 of 56U.S. House Passes Rep. O'Halleran-Bill to Build National 5G Strategy & Protect U.S. Telecommunications Networks Against Foreign Threats  Page 30 of 56U.S. HOUSE PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN THREATS  Page 35 of 56Center for Strategic & International Studies: Ongoing Goings On - A News Update on WTO  Page 38 of 56The ghost of the coronavirus will disturb the GSMA throughout 2020, after the cancellation of the MWC  Page 40 of 56Taiwan president urges voters to turn out, uphold democracy  Page 48 of 56History of Twitter: Facts and What's Happening in 2019  Page  of GBretaña: Huawei to be able to participate in high-speed network  Page 51 of 56US accuses Huawei of extortion and theft of trade secrets  Page 53 of 56Wall Street Set for Sharply Lower Open as Virus Outbreak Hits Sentiment  Page 56 of 56HOW BRANDS CAN MAKE THE MOST OF TIKTOK; Take advantage of trends, connect with influencers and turn up the music  