Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 3:00:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142630588Documents (77)1. BC-MUN-LIS LIST OF MAIN INFORMATIONS, HEADClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 20202. Doctors using TV and social media to sound the alarm: 'We need masks today'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 20203. iClick Interactive Asia Group Limited Reports Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2019 Unaudited Financial ResultsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 20204. The week in investor relations: Blacklists, misleading investors and human rightsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 20205. European Stocks Close Higher After Volatile SessionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 20206. EXCLUSIVE-US acts to cut global chip supply to HuaweiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 20207. EXCLUSIVE-US acts to cut global chip supply to HuaweiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 20208. Asian Stock Markets Resume Losses on COVID-19 Outlook; Hang Seng Drops 4.2%Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 20209. From beer to a mobile health app: Entrepreneurs who run for brands related to coronavirusClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202010. Wall Street in Red Zone Pre-Bell; Futures Hit 'Down Limit,' Europe Lower, Asia DownClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202011. Wall Street falls more than 1.5% with threats from Trump and tech bills. Amazon sinks 6%Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202012. Acorn International Suspends Quarterly Dividend Policy Indefinitely; Takes Defensive Measures Given Potential for Coronavirus Outbreak to Materially Impact its E-Commerce BusinessClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202013. Wrap up: The latest in technologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202014. Infodemia and the pandemicClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202015. Kadant Declares Cash DividendClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202016. The smart learning systems market was valued at USD 24.31 billion in 2019, and it is expected to reach a value of USD 82.58 billion by 2025, at a CAGR of 22.5%, during the forecast period (2020 - 2025);Schools and training centers are moving from the traditional blackboard approach to integrating smart technology into learning environments. The learning trend encompasses a broad range of activities, tools, and services, which are aiming to improve the educational outcomes of students and employees directly.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202017. Business HighlightsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202018. Kent State students donate medical masks to local hospitals, connect with international suppliersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202019. Section 232 Tariff Exclusion Process Hurting Essential U.S. Aluminum Workers;Commerce Department Must Reform System Encouraging Further Increases in Foreign, Flat-Rolled Aluminum ImportsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202020. New York Mayor De Blasio Issues Transcript on Appearance on the Brian Lehrer ShowClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202021. Coronavirus: Egypt quarantines passengers from Nile cruise boatClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202022. Cryptocurrencies: a possible option in the face of the global recession?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202023. MICT Enters Fintech Market with Acquisition of Global Fintech Holdings for $26 Million and Raises Up to $15 Million;-- Approximately $26 million of convertible securities (convertible into shares of MICT common stock) as consideration for the mergerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202024. Hackers Have Been Waiting for an Opportunity Like CoronavirusClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202025. Kadant Declares Cash Dividend;Raises Quarterly Dividend to $0.24 per ShareClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202026. Rep. Stewart Selected as a Member of the China Task ForceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202027. STEWART SELECTED AS A MEMBER OF THE CHINA TASK FORCEClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202028. Ambow Education Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial ResultsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202029. TRANSCRIPT: MAYOR DE BLASIO APPEARS LIVE ON THE BRIAN LEHRER SHOW - 27 MAR 2020Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202030. BATTLING THE 'PANDEMIC OF MISINFORMATION'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202031. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 06:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202032. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 06:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202033. Bright Scholar Strategic Investment in Linstitute to Expand Online Training CapabilitiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202034. LA-LB expect three more mega-ship calls to carry empties to AsiaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202035. LA-LB ports receiving more mega-ship calls to carry empties to AsiaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202036. Oil-Dri Announces Second Quarter and First Six-Months of Fiscal 2020 ResultsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202037. Sonim Technologies Reports 2019 Financial Results, Restructuring UpdateClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202038. Small businesses deserve support during COVID-19 outbreakClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202039. PENTAGON'S JOINT AI CENTER DIRECTOR CALLS FOR INDEPENDENT BUYING AUTHORITYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202040. Bright Scholar Schedules Unaudited Financial Results for FY2020 Second Fiscal Quarter Ended February 29, 2020Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202041. Ohio-Based Facemasks for All Secures Supply Chain to Provide Non-Medical Masks for Businesses Prepared to Reopen;Facemask demand is expected to exceed supply when employees begin returning to the workplace.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202042. FBI concerned about potential for hate crimes during coronavirus pandemicClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202043. FBI concerned about potential for hate crimes during coronavirus pandemicClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202044. Global Machine Control System Industry Report, 2020-2027: Geographic Information System (GIS) Collectors Projected to Exhibit Huge DemandClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202045. Trump signs bill to help telecoms replace Huawei equipmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202046. Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia: A Survey of Fintech Research and Policy DiscussionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202047. RUBIO APPLAUDS TRUMP ADMINISTRATION ON HONG KONG CERTIFICATIONClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202048. Sen. Rubio Applauds Trump Administration on Hong Kong CertificationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202049. Texas oil drops 3.36% from market correction and uncertaintyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202050. Disney's Shanghai park to reopen May 11, with masks;Company's Q1 took $1B operating income hitClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202051. EastWest think tank offers ICT supply chain security approach that goes beyond targeting specific countriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202052. Zoom will look for public comments on plan for better encryptionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202053. The Oppenheimer/China Report did not stop the coronavirus due to lack of a free pressClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202054. Drain Cleaning Equipment Market to 2027 - Global Analysis and Forecasts by Product ; Power Source ; End-user ; Sales Channel;The drain cleaning equipment market was valued at US$ 1. 72 billion in 2019 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6. 3% from 2020 to 2027 to reach US$ 2. 92 billion by 2027. According to data available at the United Nations, the African region is poised to witness a substantial increase in its population, especially the sub-Sahara African region, which is expected to double its population by 2050.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202055. Rubio specifies journalists for 'glee' in virus deathsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202056. Rubio specifies journalists for 'glee' in virus deathsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202057. China, the virus and the free pressClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202058. Bet on digital museums in coronavirus timesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202059. CDC UPDATES GUIDANCE FOR COVID-19 TESTING, HEALTH CARE PERSONNELClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202060. Jefferies Group CFO has died from coronavirus complications, becoming the first high-profile financial leader to fall victim to the pandemicClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202061. U.S. Senator Proposes Banning use of TikTok for Federal WorkersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202062. 10 things in tech you need to know todayClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202063. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 05:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202064. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 05:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202065. U.S. Senate Unanimously Passes Rep. Spanberger's Bipartisan Legislation to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect U.S. Telecommunications NetworksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202066. U.S. SENATE UNANIMOUSLY PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN THREATSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202067. U.S. charges Arkansas researcher over NASA funds, ties to ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202068. House Unanimously Passes Rep. Spanberger's Bipartisan Legislation to Build National 5G StrategyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202069. U.S. HOUSE UNANIMOUSLY PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, SENDS TO PRESIDENT TRUMP'S DESK TO BE SIGNED INTO LAWClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202070. With the spread of coronavirus came a surge in anti-Asian racism online, new research saysClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202071. With the spread of coronavirus came a surge in anti-Asian racism online, new research saysClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202072. NYC launches team to combat coronavirus discriminationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202073. NYC launches team to combat coronavirus discriminationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202074. Satellite images located Kim Jong-un's private train amid rumors of his deathClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202075. In Mexico, a cartel is taking over: Jalisco New GenerationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202076. Google plans to take 5 percent stake in Vodafone Idea Ltd: ReportClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 202077. British artists stand up for facial recognitionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Mar 01, 2020 to May 31, 2020

BC-MUN-LIS LIST OF MAIN INFORMATIONS, HEADCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 5, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1130 wordsBodyThe World Today: Top Information from The Associated Press-----------------------------------FIRST FLAT-----------------------------------MUN-MED CORONAVIRUSBANGKOK - The world prepares for months of disorder as the irremediable advance of the new coronavirus causes increasing contagion, economic consequences and massive containment measures. By Matt Sedensky. 500 words. AP Photo. Sent.Con: CORONAVIRUS-THE LAST; CORONAVIRUS-MIDDLE EAST; CORONAVIRUS-PANORAMA; CORONAVIRUS-LATINOAMERICA; CORONAVIRUS-VENECIA-FOTOGALERIA.AMN-POL USA-ELECTIONS-BIDENLOS ANGELES - Joe Biden regains his momentum: behind the hesitant and taciturn politician and a confident and confident candidate has emerged instead. By Bill Barrow. 400 words. AP Photo. Sent.With: US-ELECTION-BIDEN-PROTECCION; US-ELECTIONS-RUSSIA; US-ELECTION TRUMP.MUN-ECO OPEPVIENNA - OPEC countries are about to cut their production in order to shore up prices amid the reduced demand for the impact of the epidemic of a new coronavirus, but it is unquestioned whether other non-organizational producers, such as Russia , agree to do the same. By Kiyoko Metzler and David McHugh. 400 words. AP Photo. Sent.MOR-GEN ISRAEL-PALESTINOSJERUSALEM - Israeli troops destroy the homes of two Palestinians accused of taking part in a deadly attack in the West Bank last year. 230 words. AP Photo. Sent.-----------------------------------ONLY IN AP-----------------------------------REP-GEN SANDERS-LATINOAMERICAMIAMI - Bernie Sanders lountled his advisers when he fervently defended Evo Morales after his resignation from the presidency and his escape from Bolivia. It's the kind of pronouncement that his detractors say can cost him votes in places like Florida, where Cuban, Venezuelan and Nicaraguan exiles who escaped authoritarian governments have a lot of political strength. By Joshua Goodman. 1, 400 words. AP Photo.REP-GEN CHINA-UIGURES-FORCE WORKSNANCHANG, China - Determined to assimilate the Uighurs, the Chinese government sends many of them to the east of the country and imposes a forced labor regime on at least one factory that supplies Apple, Lenovo and other major technology companies, AP says. These workers are severely restricted from leaving the factory and cannot practice their Muslim faith. By Dake Kang and Yanan Wang. 975 words. AP Photo. Sent.-----------------------------------LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN-----------------------------------AMN-GEN MEXICO-VATICAN-ABUSOS AP EXPLICAMEXICO CITY - The arrival in Mexico of a special mission from the Vatican to gather data on cases of clerical pederastia and its cover-up could be a turning point in the second most Catholic country in the world, with a conservative society and where the Church maintains enormous power. But its significance will depend on whether that information translates into concrete actions, not only ecclesiastical but also judicial. By Maria Verza. 1,083 words. AP Photo. Sent.AMS-GEN CHILE-FRANCE EXTRADITIONSANTIAGO DE CHILE - A court kicks off the extradition trial to France of Chile's Nicolas Zepeda, accused of murdering and making his Japanese girlfriend disappear in 2016 in that European country. 318 words. AP Photo. AP Video. Sent.AMS-GEN ARGENTINA-INTELLIGENCEBUENOS AIRES - Argentine President Alberto Fernández cuts the tasks of the intelligence agency by considering that he developed spurious ties with justice and orders declassifying information about the attack on a Jewish center in 1994 sheltered by the espionage services.-----------------------------------StatesUnited-----------------------------------AMN-CLI TENNESSEE-TORNADOCOOKEVILLE, Tennessee - In Tennessee's community hardest hit by devastating tornadoes, the few houses that still stand have become beacons of hope. One of them belongs to Amy and Darrell Jennings. The Jennings have welcomed friends and neighbors into their home in Putnam County and are trying to help survivors recover some of their belongings from the rubble. By Travis Loller. 330 words AP Photo. Sent.-----------------------------------World-----------------------------------EUR-GEN FRANCE-TREN DESCARRILATIONPARIS - One of France's lauded high-speed trains derails during a trip to Paris, an incident that leaves the driver and 20 others injured. 300 words. AP Photo. Sent.EUR-GEN SPAIN-FRANC-TOMBMADRID - Descendants of General Francisco Franco appeal to the European Court of Human Rights against the Spanish government's decision to exhume and remove the remains of the dictator of a monumental mausoleum on the outskirts of Madrid. 230 words. AP Photo. Sent.-----------------------------------Sports-----------------------------------DEP-FUT PARAGUAY-RONALDINHO RETENIDOASUNCIÓN - Ronaldinho is under investigation in Paraguay after entering the country with alleged false Paraguayan documentation. The Prosecutor's Office has 24 hours to define a possible indicted allegation of the retired Brazilian football star and his brother. By Bethlehem Bogado. 400 words. AP Photo. Sent.DEP-CIC CORONAVIRUS-CICLISMOBRUSSELS - Cycling season is in chaos after Strade Bianche men's and women's races in Italy are cancelled due to the coronavirus outbreak. The Ineos team, to which the champion of the Tour de France, the Colombian Egan Bernal, withdraws from all the races that will be held in the next three weeks. By Samuel Petrequin. 400 words. AP Photo. Sent.-----------------------------------SPECTCULES AND CULTURE-----------------------------------ESP-LIB WINFREY-NOVELA TO TRIALTUCSON, Arizona - Critics of one of Oprah Winfrey's most recent readers' club selections puts its author and Winfrey herself on trial. By Hillel Italie. 1,756 words. AP Photo. Sent.ESP-MUS ENRIQUE IGLESIAS-RICKY MARTINLOS ANGELES - Ricky Martin and Enrique Iglesias will tour together for the first time and even the coronavirus won't be able to stop them. By Marcela Isaza. 350 words. AP Photo.ESP-MUS DAVID GUETTAMEXICO - David Guetta talks with AP about its evolution in electronic music, its relationship with Mexico and Latin music. To Berenice Bautista. 864 words. AP Photo. Sent.-----------------------------------YOU CAN CONTACT US AT:-----------------------------------Doubts and comments with the director of The Associated Press's Spanish-enespañol service, Eduardo Castillo, to email ecastillo@ap.org and/or by phone in Mexico City +5255 3300-7620.In case of any questions about sent dispatches, please call +5255 33007620 and/or +1212 621-1647 or write to emails msa@ap.org and SupervisoresLPA@ap.orgFor questions about sports coverage, write to deportes@ap.org and the photo thread at the email latamphotodesk@ap.org-----------------------------------ON TWITTER:-----------------------------------Follow us on our Twitter accounts: @AP_Noticias, @AP_Deportes and @AP_EspectaculosLoad-Date: March 6, 2020End of Document

Doctors using TV and social media to sound the alarm: 'We need masks today'CNN WireMarch 20, 2020 Friday 6:01 AM GMTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1514 wordsDateline: NEW YORK (CNN Business) BodyNEW YORK (CNN Business) --  A version of this article first appeared in the "Reliable Sources" newsletter. You can sign up for free right here.Right now I want to hear less from politicians, and much more from doctors.Covid-19 hospitalizations are surging, as expected. ER doctors, nurses and health care experts are using traditional media and social media to sound alarms about supply shortages and other serious problems. "DOCTORS SOUND ALARM AS A NATION STRUGGLES" is the banner headline in Friday's NYT.-- Dr. Megan Ranney to CNN's John King. "We need masks TODAY. We are pleading on social media, #GetMePPE, to keep me and my patients safe. The president may say that things are being produced, but they sure as heck are not showing up in my state or in the states of all of my colleagues across the country. We need those masks and gowns NOW."-- Pediatric surgery fellow Cornelia Griggs in an op-ed for the NYT: "The sky is falling. I say this not to panic anyone but to mobilize you." On Twitter Thursday night, she added, "Help us hack this pandemic. We need robots to help nurses. 3D printed supplies. Supply chain and pop up hospital fixes. Go!"-- Dr. Irwin Redlener, a newly signed NBC News analyst, on Thursday's NBC special report: "We need gowns, we need face masks, we need goggles, and we need gloves."-- ER doctor Stephen Anderson in Auburn, Washington, on ABC's "World News Tonight" Thursday: "We need ventilators. I have ventilators this morning, but the hospital up the street from me is out of ventilators at the moment.""Where is the military?"Reporters, experts and local officials have been asking four words: "Where are the tests?" Here are four new words: "Where is the military?"Here in NYC, the current epicenter of the outbreak, Mayor Bill de Blasio said Thursday that the city's hospital supplies will run out in two to three weeks. "We've got to be honest about the sheer extent of this problem," he told CNN's Erin Burnett. "And where is the federal government? Where is the military? Why won't the president give the order to mobilize our military to guarantee that these products are being produced through the Defense Production Act and get them to the American front in this war? Which is New York."The mayor continued: "What does it take to get some attention? What does it take for our president? Erin, he's from New York and he's betraying the city he comes from. Because all he has to do is order the military to active duty to fight this war, to fight this challenge, this enemy, and he's not doing it -- even though he activated the Defense Production Act, not a single factory that I know of has been mandated to go on 24/7 production of ventilators and surgical masks."Trump's inner circle needs to intervene, nowThe banner on CNN's "Cuomo Prime Time" cut to the chase: "GLOBAL SUPPLY SHORTAGE THREATENS LIVES."But the president still seems behind the eight-ball. Hospitals are in desperate need, but he doesn't seem to know or want to admit it. He wasted time at Thursday's briefing... ranting about the media... So here's what I said on CNN after the briefing: We know Trump is obsessed with news coverage. Well, in order to get good press right now, he needs to focus on health care and life-saving efforts. Tests, masks, ventilators -- not his grievances about the media. Republican leaders and members of his inner circle need to intervene immediately to get him back on message.FOR THE RECORD, PART ONE-- CNN.com's banner headline right now: "California governor orders 40 million to lock down" (CNN)-- Jay Rosen says newsrooms should run an editor's note like this: "Today we are switching our coverage of Donald Trump to an emergency setting..." (PressThink)-- Brianna Keilar said she viewed Trump's behavior at the briefing through the five-stages-of-grief prism: "I saw some bargaining. There was definitely anger there. There's been denial this whole time, although that's gotten a little better. But at times like this, leadership really calls for acceptance, right? Acknowledging and accepting what the problem is and then moving towards action."-- Jake Tapper's reaction to Trump saying, about the federal government, "we're not a shipping clerk" for the states: "That's what he said about the need to get supplies to doctors and nurses? Unbelievable."-- CNN analyst Asha Rangappa tweeted after the briefing: "I think it's time for the media to address the elephant in the room: Trump may be incapable of understanding the problem. It involves data, graphs, projections, connecting dots, conceptual thinking. I think he fundamentally cannot mentally grasp it."-- Jennifer Rubin argued that the W.H. press corps are being too "passive" during Trump's "shambolic" pressers...-- Don't miss Elaina Plott's latest for the NYT. "In the conservative suburbs of New Orleans," she wrote, "it wasn't until a 45-year-old, healthy man got coronavirus that many in the community realized this wasn't a hoax..."-- Peggy Noonan's newest WSJ column: "I just want to get out and help in some way. Isn't that what you feel? We all just want to pitch in."Trump wants the press to be like China'sOliver Darcy emails: Trump made one thing clear on Thursday: Even as he's trying to blame China for not being transparent about the coronavirus pandemic, he's yearning for it to be covered in the US the way it was in that authoritarian state. Speaking at the W.H., Trump praised right-wing conspiracy outlet One America News while simultaneously bashing credible news organizations as untrustworthy sources of information. He struggled to answer basic questions from reporters.It is true that Trump has taken questions regularly from reporters in the briefing room and been unmistakably more transparent than the Chinese government while combating the coronavirus. But his attitude, lashing out at critical press while pushing outlets that are all but propaganda, has a whiff of the authoritarian regime in Beijing, which has cracked down on journalists while pushing state-controlled media to its citizens -- all as it puts on its best face while combating the lethal virus. Read my full analysis here...This false claim ignores years of warnings:"That was the president today, yet again lying," Chris Hayes said on MSNBC Thursday night, after playing a clip of Trump saying "nobody in their wildest dreams would have ever thought that we'd need tens of thousands of ventilators." Hayes' reaction: "The idea that no one anticipated a shortage of ventilators is ridiculous.Many people saw precisely that eventuality."CNN's fact-check by Marshall Cohen, Holmes Lybrand and Tara Subramaniam says the same thing: "Medical experts and public health officials have said for years that the US would face a shortage of ventilators if there were ever a pandemic like Covid-19. Even during Trump's presidency, there were warnings that hospitals would run out of lifesaving equipment and resources would be strained because the US wasn't prepared for a pandemic."Carlson says Burr should explain or resignShot by NPR: Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr "Raised Virus Alarms Weeks Ago, Secret Recording Shows."Chaser by ProPublica: "Senator Dumped Up to $1.7 Million of Stock After Reassuring Public About Coronavirus Preparedness."CNN's Jeremy Herb has a detailed follow-up story here. Reporters are scouring the financial filings of other lawmakers for curious trades.As for Burr, he is being condemned by some right-wing commentators. Fox's Tucker Carlson said Thursday night: "Maybe there is an honest explanation for what he did. If there is, he should share it with the rest of us immediately. Otherwise, he must resign from the Senate and face prosecution for insider trading."FOR THE RECORD, PART TWO-- As was mentioned up above: "Doctors, nurses and others are rallying on social media with the hashtag #GetMePPE, referring to personal protective equipment like masks, gowns and face shields, to put pressure on elected leaders to get them more gear to guard against infection..." (NYT)-- With more and more people staying at home, "use of TV continues to climb, "Michael Mulvihill tweeted: Total viewing was up Wednesday "in every major city in the country by 7% to 29% compared to two Wednesdays prior..." (Twitter)-- The top 10 apps in Apple's App Store on Thursday: Zoom, TikTok, Google Classroom, News Break, Hangouts Meet by Google, Microsoft Teams, Gmail ,Disney+, Hangouts, and Instagram...-- Per Apptopia, The Washington Post and "news aggregation apps" are setting "record download numbers..."-- On a personal note, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm looking forward to tomorrow's Zoom conference call with all of my preschooler's classmates... -- "Marketplace" hosts Kai Ryssdal and Molly Wood are launching a new 10-minute podcast each weekday afternoon to make sense of the pandemic economy... (Apple Podcasts)-- The Seattle-based environmental news site Grist is launching a newsletter about the intersection of climate change and coronavirus... (Grist)TM & © 2020 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 20, 2020End of Document

iClick Interactive Asia Group Limited Reports Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2019 Unaudited Financial ResultsPR NewswireMarch 31, 2020 Tuesday 7:00 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 3326 wordsDateline: HONG KONG, March 31, 2020 BodyPR Newswire– Record Year with Historical High Gross Billing, Revenue, Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA –– First-ever Quarterly Adjusted Net Income in the Fourth Quarter of 2019 –iClick Interactive Asia Group Limited ("iClick") (NASDAQ: ICLK), an independent online marketing and enterprise data solutions provider in China, today announced unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2019.Jian "T.J." Tang, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of iClick noted: "2019 was a record year for iClick as we continue to migrate our services to an integrated Enterprise and Marketing Cloud Platform in China. Our business achieved record results in gross billings, revenues, gross profit and adjusted EBITDA. More importantly, for the first-time ever, we reported quarterly adjusted net income in the fourth quarter of 2019."A key highlight of 2019 was the launch of our Enterprise Solutions business. This is a major initiative that will serve to strengthen our company for years to come by diversifying our product offerings, providing new revenue opportunities that will also drive higher gross margins.  In our first full year of operations, our Enterprise Solutions division reported $10.4 million in revenues, which we project to increase substantially in 2020.Another key accomplishment was our recent announcement to get new credit facilities from HSBC and the introduction of new strategic and financial investors which shall support our future growth. Lastly, in 2019 we celebrated our tenth anniversary, which sees us transform from a small start-up to a cutting-edge marketing technology company in China. We are very proud of what we have achieved.""While we expect our business to continue growing rapidly, there is a unique set of macro challenges in 2020. We face not only the ongoing US-China trade conflicts but also the recent Coronavirus outbreak. Currently, we are doing everything we can to help protect the health and well-being of our employees. We are closely monitoring the outbreak's impact on our operations and financial results and our outlook remains cautiously optimistic. We are increasing our recently announced 2020 full-year revenue guidance range, from $240 million to $260 million range, primarily because we believe that more brands are seeing the greater importance of online-to-offline integration and we are confident that this will serve to increase the demand for our Enterprise Solutions in the second half of 2020."Fourth Quarter 2019 Results:Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2019 grew to US$56.7 million, up 43% from US$39.5 million for the same period of the prior year, attributable to the increase in contributions from existing marketing solutions and enterprise solutions, partially offset by a 4% decrease in the average exchange rate of Renminbi to the US dollar for the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to the same period in 2018.Revenue from marketing solutions grew to US$53.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, up 34% from US$39.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily as the result of growing market demand from marketers.Revenue from enterprise solutions was US$3.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2019.Gross profit for the fourth quarter of 2019 was US$17.2 million, representing a 46% increase compared with US$11.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, mainly due to continual expansion of the Company's marketing solutions and contribution from higher margin enterprise solutions.Total operating expenses were US$22.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, compared with US$22.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily attributable to the issuance cost of new convertible notes of US$4.6 million and operating expenses incurred for new business, partially offset by the reduction in share-based compensation expense of US$5.9 million.Operating loss was US$5.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, compared with an operating loss of US$10.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, as a result of reduction in share-based compensation expenses and strong growth in gross profit, partially offset by the issuance cost of new convertible notes of US$4.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2019.Net loss totalled US$6.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, compared with net loss of US$8.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2018. This was mainly attributed to the lower operating loss of US$5.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to operating loss of US$10.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. This decrease in operating loss was partially offset by fair value losses on convertible notes of US$0.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared with fair value gains on convertible notes of US$0.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, and the change from income tax benefits in the fourth quarter of 2018 to income tax expenses in the fourth quarter of 2019.Net loss attributable to the Company's shareholders per basic and diluted ADS for the fourth quarter of 2019 was US$0.1003, compared with a net loss per basic and diluted ADS of US$0.1455 for the fourth quarter of 2018.Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2019 was an income of US$2.5 million, compared with a loss of US$0.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, mainly resulting from the increase in gross profit. For a reconciliation of the Company's adjusted EBITDA from net loss, its most comparable GAAP measure, please refer to "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results."Adjusted net income/(loss) for the fourth quarter of 2019 was an adjusted net income of US$0.1 million, compared with an adjusted net loss of US$1.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. For a reconciliation of the Company's adjusted net income/(loss) from net loss, its most comparable GAAP measure, please refer to "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results."Gross billing[2] grew to US$223.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, up 128% from US$98.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. The increase was primarily a result of increasing marketers' demands, partially offset by the depreciation of Renminbi against the US dollar by 4% compared with the same period of the prior year. The gross billing would have increased by 136% on a currency-neutral basis at US$232.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with the same period of the prior year.As of December 31, 2019, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of US$36.9 million, compared with US$39.8 million as of December 31, 2018. Restricted cash and time deposit as of December 31, 2019 amounted to US$23.8 million and US$0.4 million respectively, compared with nil and nil as of December 31, 2018, respectively.Full Year 2019 Results:Revenue for 2019 was US$199.4 million, an increase of 25% from US$160.0 million in 2018, primarily as a result of the increase in contributions from existing marketing solutions and enterprise solutions, partially offset by a 5% decrease in the average exchange rate of Renminbi to the US dollar for 2019 compared to the prior year.Revenue from marketing solutions grew to US$189.0 million for 2019, up 18% from US$160.0 million for 2018, primarily as the result of growing market demand from marketers.Revenue from enterprise solutions was US$10.4 million in 2019.Gross profit increased by 45% to US$56.7 million in 2019 from US$39.1 million in 2018, mainly as a result of continual expansion of the Company's marketing solution and contribution from higher margin enterprise solutions.Total operating expenses were US$68.8 million for 2019, compared with US$66.6 million for 2018. The increase was resulted primarily from the increase in the operating expenses for new business developments and the issuance cost of new convertible notes in 2019, partially offset by the reduction in share-based compensation expenses of US$17.6 million.Operating loss for 2019 was US$12.1 million, compared with an operating loss of US$27.5 million for 2018, as a result of a reduction in share-based compensation expenses and strong growth in gross profit, partially offset by the expenses incurred on new business developments.Net loss totalled US$10.8 million for 2019, compared with US$32.6 million for 2018, mainly attributed to the decrease in share-based compensation expense and the strong growth in gross profit as described above. In addition, we recorded fair value gains on convertible notes of US$0.1 million for 2019, compared with fair value losses on convertible notes of US$4.8 million for 2018.Net loss attributable to the Company's shareholders per basic and diluted ADS for 2019 was US$0.1686, compared with a net loss per basic and diluted ADS of US$0.6126 for 2018.Adjusted EBITDA for 2019 was an income of US$5.9 million, compared with an income of US$1.6 million for 2018, primarily resulting from a substantial increase in gross profit. For a reconciliation of the Company's adjusted EBITDA from net loss, its most comparable GAAP measure, please refer to "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results."Adjusted net loss for 2019 was US$2.2 million, compared with US$4.7 million for 2018. For a reconciliation of the Company's adjusted net loss to net loss, its most comparable GAAP measure, please refer to "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results."Gross billinggrew to US$640.8 million for 2019, up 60% for 2018. The increase is primarily a result of increasing marketers' demands, partially offset by the depreciation of Renminbi against the US dollar by 5% in 2019.Share Repurchase ProgramIn November of 2018 we announced that our board of directors authorized us to purchase up to US$10 million of our own ADS in a twelve-month period up to November 27, 2019. As of December 31, 2019, we had purchased our ADSs in an aggregate value of approximately US$4.4 million.OutlookBased on the information available as of the date of this press release, iClick provided the following outlook for the first quarter of 2020 and the following outlook for the 2020 full year:First Quarter 2020:Revenue is estimated to be between US$46 million and US$50 million. Gross profit is estimated to be between US$12 million and US$14 million.Full Year 2020:Revenue is estimated to be between US$240 million and US$260 million. Gross profit is estimated to be between US$70 million and US$75 million. Adjusted EBIDTA is estimated to between $5 million and $8 million.The above outlook is based on current market conditions and reflects the Company's preliminary estimates of market and operating conditions, expected foreign exchange fluctuation, and customer demand, which are all subject to change. Please also refer to the factors set out under the section titled "Safe Harbor Statement."Currently, certain industry verticals such as the travel and hospitality sectors of our business have been adversely impacted by the coronavirus disease (COVID-19). However, some other sectors including e-commerce and online-gaming, have shown resiliency as homebound consumers shift more of their purchasing activities online. Based on the current commercial environment, we anticipate that brands may allocate more of their advertising budgets to mobile and online targeted marketing, with the potential to benefit our mobile and performance-focused Marketing Solutions business. Brands may also see the importance of online and offline consumer behavioural data integration and analysis, which may favour our Enterprise Solutions business in the long run.With iClick's diversified customer base of stable, top-tier brands, and the Chinese government's highly devoted efforts to contain the spread of the virus, we remain cautiously optimistic for the second half of this year. However, outbreaks of COVID-19 around the world may continue to impact market conditions and potentially trigger a longer period of global economic slowdown. This could affect the overall sentiment and advertising budgets of our branding customers, which in turn may impact our Marketing Solution business in the short term. The rapid development and fluidity of the current situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of COVID-19. Management will continue to closely monitor the outbreaks' impact on our operations and financial results this year and will particularly focus on business retention and accounts receivable recoverability.Conference CallThe Company will host an earnings conference call at 8:00 AM U.S. Eastern Time on March 31, 2020 (8:00 PM Beijing/Hong Kong time on March 31, 2020). A live and archived webcast of the conference call will be available on iClick's investor relations website athttp://ir.i-click.com.Dial-in details for the conference call are as follows:Participants please ask to join the iClick Interactive Asia Group Limited conference call.A replay of the conference call will be accessible by phone one hour after the conclusion of the live call at the following numbers, until April 7, 2020:About iClick Interactive Asia Group LimitediClick Interactive Asia Group Limited (NASDAQ: ICLK) is an independent online marketing and enterprise data solutions provider that connects worldwide marketers with audiences in China. Built on cutting-edge technologies, our proprietary platform possesses omni-channel marketing capabilities and fulfils various marketing objectives in a data-driven and automated manner, helping both international and domestic marketers reach their target audiences in China. Headquartered in Hong Kong, iClick was established in 2009 and is currently operating in ten locations worldwide including Asia and Europe. For more information, please visit ir.i-click.com.Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresThe Company uses adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income/(loss), and diluted adjusted net income/(loss) per ADS, each a non-GAAP financial measure, in evaluating the Company's operating results and for financial and operational decision-making purposes.The Company believes that adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income/(loss), and diluted adjusted net income/(loss) per ADS help identify underlying trends in the Company's business that could otherwise be distorted by the effect of the expenses and gains that the Company includes in net loss. The Company believes that adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income/(loss) provide useful information about the Company's operating results, enhance the overall understanding of the Company's past performance and future prospects and allow for greater visibility with respect to key metrics used by the Company's management in its financial and operational decision-making.Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income/(loss), and diluted adjusted net income/(loss) per ADS should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to net loss or any other measure of performance or as an indicator of the Company's operating performance. Investors are encouraged to review the historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income/(loss), and diluted adjusted net income/(loss) per ADS presented here may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures to the Company's data. The Company encourages investors and others to review the Company's financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure.For more information on these non-GAAP financial measures, please see the table captioned "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP results" set forth at the end of this press release.Additionally, currency-neutral gross billing is calculated using actual exchange rates in use during the comparative prior year period to enhance the visibility of the underlying business trends excluding the impact of translation arising from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. These non-GAAP financial measures were presented with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures together for facilitating a more comprehensive understanding of operating performance between periods.Safe Harbor StatementThis announcement contains forward-looking statements, including those related to the Company's business strategies, operations and financial performance. These statements constitute "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "confident" and similar statements. Such statements are based upon management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, including but not limited to the following: the Company's fluctuations in growth; its success in implementing its mobile and new retail strategies, including extending its solutions beyond its core online marketing business; its success in structuring a CRM & Marketing Cloud platform; relative percentage of its gross billing recognized as revenue under the gross and net models; its ability to retain existing clients or attract new ones; its ability to retain content distribution channels and negotiate favourable contractual terms; market competition, including from independent online marketing technology platforms as well as large and well-established internet companies; market acceptance of online marketing technology solutions and enterprise solutions; effectiveness of its algorithms and data engines; its ability to collect and use data from various sources; ability to integrate and realize synergies from acquisitions, investments or strategic partnership; the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and its potential impact on the Company's business and financial performance; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; and general economic conditions in China and other jurisdictions where the Company operates; and the regulatory landscape in China and other jurisdictions where the Company operates. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in the Company's annual report on Form 20-F and other filings with the SEC. All information provided in this press release and in the attachments is as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law.For investor and media inquiries, please contact: (financial tables follow)Adjusted net income/(loss) represents net loss before (i) share-based compensation, (ii) fair value losses /(gains) on convertible notes, (iii) other gains, net, (iv) convertible notes issuance cost, (v) net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, (vi) share of losses from an equity investee, (vii) cost related to new business setup or acquisitions, and (viii) cost related to filing of Form F-3. There is no material tax effects on these non-GAAP adjustments.The table below sets forth a reconciliation of the Company's adjusted net income/(loss) from net loss for the periods indicated:The diluted adjusted net income/(loss) per ADS for the periods indicated are calculated as follows: View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/iclick-interactive-asia-group-limited-reports-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-2019-unaudited-financial-results-301032379.htmlSOURCE iClick Interactive Asia Group LimitedLoad-Date: March 31, 2020End of Document

The week in investor relations: Blacklists, misleading investors and human rightsirmagazine.comMay 15, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 IR Media Group, LTD All Rights ReservedSection: REGULATIONLength: 375 wordsByline: Tim HumanBody- China is considering putting US companies on an 'unreliable entity list', reported Reuters. Companies that could be affected include Apple, Cisco Systems, Qualcomm and Boeing. The move would be in response to US plans to prevent Huawei from acquiring semiconductors made by US companies. The Reuters story is based on an article carried in the Global Times, a Chinese newspaper viewed as an unofficial mouthpiece for the Chinese government.- The SEC charged two companies over allegedly misleading investors about coronavirus-related products, noted the Wall Street Journal. 'Turbo Global Partners and Applied BioSciences were charged Thursday with having issued news releases that contained false and misleading information about finger-prick tests and thermal-scanning equipment used to detect the virus, according to complaints filed by the US SEC,' said the story.- The Financial Times (paywall) covered a report from ShareAction that claims many of the world's largest asset managers are talking a lot about human rights but not backing that up with action. 'As the Covid-19 pandemic shines a brighter light on the reality of labor market inequalities and imbalances in access to basic services, it also marks a critical opportunity for asset managers to step up and play their part in ensuring that human and labor rights are protected,' said Felix Nagrawala, senior analyst at ShareAction.- HC2 said it has reached a deal with activist MG Capital, according to the New York Times. Under the settlement, four new members will be added to the board. CEO Philip Falcone, himself a former hedge fund manager, will maintain his position as leader of the company. MG Capital had called for the whole board of HC2 to be replaced.- Ford Motor has appointed Henry Ford III, the great-great grandson of company founder Henry Ford, to lead the investor relations department, according to Bloomberg. Previously Ford III was director of corporate strategy at the automotive company. 'Investor relations is the best place you can put somebody you're trying to groom for leadership because [he/she is] going to be dealing with complaints all the time,' said Nell Minow, vice chair at ValueEdge Advisors. 'It will give him a real reality check.'Link to ImageLoad-Date: May 15, 2020End of Document

European Stocks Close Higher After Volatile SessionCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 15, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 693 wordsBody       European markets shrugged off a mid-session setback and recovered well to close on a positive note on Friday, as investors picked up stocks, digesting news about coronavirus infections, U.S.-China tensions and global economic data.   Despite weak euro area economic data, stocks found support thanks to fairly strong industrial production data from China and expectations of additional stimulus from U.S. and Chinese governments.  The pan European Stoxx 600 climbed up 0.47%. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 and Germany's DAX moved up 1.01% and 1.24%, respectively. France's CAC 40 edged up 0.11%, while Switzerland's SMI gained 0.37%. Among other markets in Europe, Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Greece, Iceland, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Russia, Sweden and Turkey ended higher.  Finland, Poland and Spain closed weak, while Ireland ended flat. In the U.K. market, BT ended more than 7.5% up on reports the group was in talks to sell a multi-billion-pound stake in its infrastructure arm Openreach. Carnival, Meggitt, Fresnillo, Anglo American, BHP Group, Rio Tinto, Whitbread and Bunzi were among the other major gainers. Spirax-Sarco Engineering declined more than 6.5%. Smith &Nephew;, Next, 3i Group, Ferguson, Taylor Wimpey, Imperial Brans and Associated British Foods lost 2.5 to 4.2%. Royal Bank, AstraZeneca and Lloyds Banking also ended weak. In Germany, Volkswagen, Deutsche Post, Thyssenkrupp, Continental, Allianz, Adidas, Siemens, RWE and Linde gained 2 to 4%. Daimler and Bayer moved up 1.4% and 1.8%, respectively.  Wirecard plunged more than 7.5%, while Deutsche Bank, Lufthansa and Fresenius lost 1.4 to 1.8%. In France, Valeo, ArcelorMittal and Publicis Groupe gained 3.6 to 4%. Renault, Dassault Systemes Group, Atos, Credit Agricole and Vivendi also closed notably higher. According to reports, French Finance Minister Le Maire would a meeting later in the day with the country's automobile executives. The government is said to be working on plans to support struggling industries including car manufacturing, tourism and aerospace.  Imerys soared and ended with a hefty gain after the company said it has reached an agreement to resolve legal liabilities regarding its North America talc unit. William Hill and GEA were some of the other stocks to move up sharply in Friday's session. In the currency market, the British pound hit the lowest level in over a month after EU's Brexit negotiator  Michel Barnier commented the third EU-UK negotiating round was "disappointing." Meanwhile, the British cabinet has stated that it would not be extending the Brexit transition deadline beyond December.  According to a flash estimate from Eurostat, the euro area economy contracted at the sharpest pace on record in the first quarter due to the measures taken to contain the spread of coronavirus. Gross domestic product fell 3.8% sequentially in the first quarter, in contrast to a 0.1% rise in the fourth quarter of 2019. This was the biggest fall since the series started in 1995 and in line with the estimate published on April 30. On a yearly basis, the economy shrank 3.2% after rising 1 percent in the fourth quarter. The rate was revised from -3.3%. This was the biggest decrease since the third quarter of 2009. Preliminary data from Destatis said the German economy contracted at the fastest pace since the global financial crisis in the first quarter, with GDP falling 2.2% sequentially, after falling 0.1% in the fourth quarter. On a yearly basis, GDP declined by calendar-adjusted 2.3% in the first quarter versus a 0.4% rise in the fourth quarter. Germany's producer prices declined at the fastest pace since mid-2016 largely due to easing energy prices, data published by Destatis revealed. Producer prices fell 1.9% year-on-year in April following a 0.8% fall in March. This was the third consecutive fall in prices. On a monthly basis, producer prices were down 0.7%, slightly slower than the 0.8% drop seen in March. France's consumer prices rose less than initially estimated in April, final data from the statistical office Insee showed. The core inflation was 0.3% in April versus 0.7% in the prior month.        Load-Date: May 16, 2020End of Document

EXCLUSIVE-US acts to cut global chip supply to HuaweiCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 15, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 233 wordsBodyBy David Shepardson and Karen FreifeldWASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government moved Friday to block semiconductor shipments to Huawei Technologies from global chipmakers, in an action that could raise tensions with China.Commerce announced the amendment of an export rule to "strategically target Huawei's acquisition of semiconductors that are a direct product of certain U.S. software and technology."Reuters reported the news prior to the department's communication, which stated that its "announcement slows Huawei's efforts to undermine U.S. export controls."Changing the rule is a setback for Huawei, the world's second largest mobile manufacturer, and Taiwan's Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd, a large chip producer for Huawei's HiSilicon unit, as well as its rivals in the telephony industry Apple Inc and Qualcomm Inc.TSMC announced Thursday that it will build a $12 billion chip factory in Arizona. On Friday he did not immediately comment on the news.Huawei, which needs semiconductors for its cell phones and telecommunications equipment, is engaged in the battle for global technological dominance between the United States and China.The company, which warned that the Chinese government would retaliate if the rule goes into effect, did not comment immediately on Friday. U.S. stock futures went back to negative after Reuters' report.(Edited in Spanish by Carlos Serrano)Load-Date: May 16, 2020End of Document

EXCLUSIVE-US acts to cut global chip supply to HuaweiCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 15, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 235 wordsBodyBy David Shepardson and Karen FreifeldWASHINGTON, May 15 (Reuters) - The U.S. government moved on Friday to block semiconductor shipments to Huawei Technologies from global chipmakers, in an action that could raise tensions with China.Commerce announced the amendment of an export rule to "strategically target Huawei's acquisition of semiconductors that are a direct product of certain U.S. software and technology."Reuters reported the news prior to the department's communication, which stated that its "announcement slows Huawei's efforts to undermine U.S. export controls."Changing the rule is a setback for Huawei, the world's second largest mobile manufacturer, and Taiwan's Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd, a large chip producer for Huawei's HiSilicon unit, as well as its rivals in the telephony industry Apple Inc and Qualcomm Inc.TSMC announced Thursday that it will build a $12 billion chip factory in Arizona. On Friday he did not immediately comment on the news.Huawei, which needs semiconductors for its cell phones and telecommunications equipment, is engaged in the battle for global technological dominance between the United States and China.The company, which warned that the Chinese government would retaliate if the rule goes into effect, did not comment immediately on Friday. U.S. stock futures went back to negative after Reuters' report.(Edited in Spanish by Carlos Serrano)Load-Date: May 16, 2020End of Document

Asian Stock Markets Resume Losses on COVID-19 Outlook; Hang Seng Drops 4.2%MT Newswires Live Briefs PROMarch 18, 2020 Wednesday 6:50 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 433 wordsBody Asian stock markets on Wednesday again retreated in the face of uncertain prospects presented by the COVID-19 pandemic that has infected more than 199,000 people worldwide and has left nearly 8,000 dead. Governments across Europe and North America are increasingly shuttering economic activity to slow the spread of the virus. Hong Kong, Shanghai and Tokyo all lost ground, while Sydney led regional decliners by sliding 6.4%. In Japan, the Nikkei 225 opened higher after overnight Wall Street gains but closed down by 1.7%, declining during afternoon trade after Wall Street stock-market index futures indicated a lower open in New York.  Japan has reported 882 cases of COVID-19 with 29 fatalities.The Nikkei 225 lost 284.98 to 16,726.55, as losing issues outnumbered gainers 136 to 87. It was the first time the index has closed below 17,000 since November 2016.Leading the upside was Fujifilm (FUJIY, 4901:Tokyo), up 15.4% following reports the Chinese government has confirmed efficacy of Avigan, an influenza drug developed by a Fujifilm affiliate to treat COVID-19 patients. Also gaining were chemical engineers Showa Denko (SHWDY, 4004:Tokyo), up 11.7%, and Tokai Carbon (TKCBF, 5301:Tokyo), up 11.5%.On the downside were tech financiers SoftBank (SFTBY, 9984:Tokyo), off 10.9%, and heavy equipment maker IHI (IHIVY, 7013:Tokyo), off 10.9%.In economic news, Japanese exports in February fell 1% year-over-year, on weaker exports of cars to the US and machinery to China, officials reported. February marked the 15th-straight month of declines in exports.The Hong Kong Hang Seng Index opened evenly but declined in trading, finishing off 971.19, or 4.2%, to 22,291.82, as losing issues outnumbered gainers 49 to zero.On the downside were smartphone components maker Sunny Optical Technology (2382:HK), dropping 11.9%, and telecom services company China Unicom HK (762:HK), falling 9.5%.Utility Power Assets (6:HK) ended flat. Losing less than the rest, Hang Seng Bank (11:HK) slipped 0.3%, and banking heavyweight HSBC (5:HK) pulled back 0.9%.On the mainland the Shanghai Composite fell 1.8% to 2,728.76.In economic news, China's GDP will likely grow by 5.2% in 2020 instead of the previously estimated 5.6%, due to economic disruptions caused by COVID-19, according to Fitch Solutions.On the other exchanges, the South Korean Kospi fell 4.%; the Taiwan TWSE declined 2.3%; the Singapore Straits Times Index fell 1.2%, but the Thai Set inclined 1.3%. In late trading in Mumbai, the Sensex was off 5.6%.The MSCI Asia Apex 50, a broad measure of Asian stock markets excluding Japan, fell 3.3%.Load-Date: March 18, 2020End of Document

From beer to a mobile health app: Entrepreneurs who run for brands related to coronavirusCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 23, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 946 wordsBodyThey say that in every crisis there is an opportunity and the expansion of the coronavirus would be no exception. The disease originating in Wuhan(China) and present in 169 countries has generated a series of changes in the habits of Chileans and not a few have seen a space to undertake.A week ago Fernando Caro Bruna (35), general manager of Haka Lab, a start-up of entrepreneurship, contacted the Medical College of Uble to comment on the idea of creating a mobile application or platform that would allow the follow-up of cases of COVID-19 quarantine and, at the same time, offered the opportunity for home monitoring of people under the confinement regime. The system could enable traceability of symptoms and even have the possibility of maintaining contact with a call-center for telemedicine."We are in a phase of almost releasing the first version of the application and the platform and we have talked with the authorities of Uble and to this day the Seremi of Sciences, mayor and the Medical College of Chillán, are seeing the possibility of implementation. This departed before the emergency came at us. We saw what was in Europe and saw that people are not complying with quarantines. In Chillán we have a tremendous focus and we have closed the city from twelve o'clock in the evening today," Caro told La Tercera PM.To implement the plan, the civil computer engineer of the University of Bío-Bío requested the Institute of National Industrial Property (Inapi) to register the brand: "Coronavirus Chile". In parallel, it also requested the registration of the web addresses appcoronaviruschile.cl and appcoronavirus.cl.The Uble region is one of the hotest-growing hotspots in recent days. One of the gymnasiums in Chillán, its regional capital, is one of the focal stations of the disease with 26 people infected, while a couple attended by a woman infected left six regional authorities quarantined.For the project to see the light requires server lease. "We estimate that for the first three months, we estimated between $60 million to $70 million to work perfectly. This was built non-profit, because we want to help, but we also require state aid for its maintenance," Caro said.The idea goes in line with the Chinese government's strategy to track the traceability of the virus and patients. An example of this is that in cities that are kept under quarantine, their citizens must scan QR codes with their phones when entering a store or getting on public transport.Another entrepreneur who has set an eye on the disease is Jaime Márquez Politeo (45). Last Tuesday he registered the domain coronaviruschile.cl, in order to strengthen the spread of its services in pest control through Orkin Chile, a franchise of the U.S. capital firm."We are on the front line to try to fight the virus. We do sanitization and the app uses a fifth generation quaternary, the same ones that China is using to try to control. We are actually applying this in supermarkets, pharmacies, offices and private homes. So, we're trying not to expand," Marquez explained.Marquez previously owned Mata Bichos Limited Pest Control, but decided to hand over control to his sister.Last mile masksMeanwhile, in the field of advertising and digital marketing, the Puzzle Agency registeredbeginning of February "coronavirus-info.cl". The firm uses social media monitoring software, called Social Studio. It is a platform that allows you to "listen" to all the trends that are setting trends. "Do you remember the government's Big-Data report? It was made with software similar to this and belongs to Salesforce," explains Ariel Jeria Canovas (39), general manager and partner of Agencia Rompecabeza, at the out entrance."To give you an idea, the license of this app starts at the basics at $1,000 per month. We found it relevant to place what is being talked about about coronavirus on social networks in Chile and that's why we created this website," he adds.To date, NICChile, a unit under the University of Chile that is responsible for the registration of web addresses with CL point, has 20 records alluding to coronavirus. Among them are: "cervezacoronavirus.cl" and "coronavirusbuenapersona.cl", made by Carlos Quilodrán and José Ignacio Pérez, respectively. The latter inscribed today the domain in reference to the phrase of Health Minister Jaime Mañalich, who in an interview with 24H of TVN held: "What if this virus mutates towards a more benign form? What if he mutates and gets a good person?" trying to explain why no more restrictions are placed on the quarantine petitions made by mayors and parliamentarians to deal with the crisis.Equally striking is the brand inscription that searches in Inapi, Patricio Moya Quinteros (50), which is awaiting the registration of the phrase: "Coronavirus comes from the city of Wuhan, China".Cesar Obach-Renner (45) is a Computer Engineer at Simón Bolivar University (Venezuela), registered the domain: "anticoronavirus.cl" and hopes soon to announce the surprise. It will be an e-commerce website and will offer products with information to deal with the crisis."Alcohol gel and masks can be found. Part of the content we're preparing is educating people to tell them how a mask helps them, because if they buy one, they must first know what helps them. The market today lends itself to selling you trash and abusing people in terms of costs. There are terrible things and we will not lend ourselves to abuse," explains the specialist in technological innovation and digital transformation."All of this will be totally e-commerce. We give it to you in two hours or you choose a place to go to retire," concludes the Venezuelan-Chilean.Load-Date: March 24, 2020End of Document

Wall Street in Red Zone Pre-Bell; Futures Hit 'Down Limit,' Europe Lower, Asia DownMT Newswires Live Briefs PROMarch 18, 2020 Wednesday 7:21 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 609 wordsBody Wall Street pre-bell Wednesday is leaning back, with US stock market index futures hitting "down limit." The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) indicates an opening bell down 6.25% from Tuesday's close. European bourses are trading sharply lower, and Asian exchanges closed down after Wall Street futures markets turned red. President Donald Trump is seeking a $1 trillion stimulus package from Congress, including a $1,000 check for American citizens. The COVID-19 pandemic has infected 198,170 globally and left 7,954 dead, including 6,534 and 116 deaths in the US, reported Johns Hopkins University. Bitcoin trades at $5,107, oil trades for $25.40, and 10-year US Treasuries offer 1.00% even.  On the economic calendar are the weekly MBA mortgage applications bulletin at 7 am ET, followed by the housing starts release at 8:30 am. The EIA domestic oil inventories release is slated for 10:30 am.General Mills (GIS) and IAA (IAA) report earnings pre-bell, among others.In the futures, the major index futures markets are at limit down.In Europe, the British FTSE 100 is off 4.93%, the French CAC is off 5.61%, and the German DAX is off 5.08%.Asian stock markets on Wednesday again retreated in the face of uncertain prospects presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. Governments across Europe and North America are increasingly shuttering economic activity to slow the spread of the virus. Hong Kong, Shanghai and Tokyo all lost ground, while Sydney led regional decliners by sliding 6.4%.In Japan, the Nikkei 225 opened higher after overnight Wall Street gains but closed down by 1.7%, declining during afternoon trade after Wall Street stock-market index futures indicated a lower open in New York.  Japan has reported 882 cases of COVID-19 with 29 fatalities.The Nikkei 225 lost 284.98 to 16,726.55, as losing issues outnumbered gainers 136 to 87. It was the first time the index has closed below 17,000 since November 2016.Leading the upside was Fujifilm (FUJIY, 4901:Tokyo), up 15.4% following reports the Chinese government has confirmed efficacy of Avigan, an influenza drug developed by a Fujifilm affiliate to treat COVID-19 patients. Also gaining were chemical engineers Showa Denko (SHWDY, 4004:Tokyo), up 11.7%, and Tokai Carbon (TKCBF, 5301:Tokyo), up 11.5%.On the downside were tech financiers SoftBank (SFTBY, 9984:Tokyo), off 10.9%, and heavy equipment maker IHI (IHIVY, 7013:Tokyo), off 10.9%.In economic news, Japanese exports in February fell 1% year-over-year, on weaker exports of cars to the US and machinery to China, officials reported. February marked the 15th-straight month of declines in exports.The Hong Kong Hang Seng Index opened evenly but declined in trading, finishing off 971.91, or 4.2%, to 22,291.82, as losing issues outnumbered gainers 49 to zero.On the downside were smartphone components maker Sunny Optical Technology (2382:HK), dropping 11.9%, and telecom services company China Unicom HK (762:HK), falling 9.5%.Utility Power Assets (6:HK) ended flat. Losing less than the rest, Hang Seng Bank (11:HK) slipped 0.3%, and banking heavyweight HSBC (5:HK) pulled back 0.9%.On the mainland the Shanghai Composite fell 1.8% to 2,728.76.In economic news, China's GDP will likely grow by 5.2% in 2020 instead of the previously estimated 5.6%, due to economic disruptions caused by COVID-19, according to Fitch Solutions.On the other exchanges, the South Korean Kospi fell 4.9%; the Taiwan TWSE declined 2.3%; the Singapore Straits Times Index fell 1.2%, but the Thai Set inclined 1.3%. In late trading in Mumbai, the Sensex was off 5.6%.The MSCI Asia Apex 50, a broad measure of Asian stock markets excluding Japan, fell 3.3%.Load-Date: March 18, 2020End of Document

Wall Street falls more than 1.5% with threats from Trump and tech bills. Amazon sinks 6%CE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 1, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 327 wordsBody       U.S. stock markets opened with a red light after Trump threatened new tariffs on China and technology bills did not tick off the market.                                                U.S. stock markets are down on Friday, May 1, for the second session in a row after President Donald Trump threatened to impose new tariffs on China because of the covid-19 pandemic, which in his view is Beijing's responsibility.Penalizing U.S. indexes is still the message of caution conveyed yesterday by tech giants Apple and Amazon about how the new coronavirus pandemic will affect their business.At this point, the Dow Jones industrial index slipped 1.31% to 24,017.36 points, while the tech Nasdaq lost 1.77% to 8,729.44 points. The S&P500; is down 1.81% to 2,860.17 points.This development comes after Trump threatened to resume the tariff war with China on Thursday at a time when the world economy is virtually stalled.In response to a question about whether he planned to cancel part of his debt obligations to the Chinese government, the Us President expressed, "We can do this with tariffs or in other ways."Donald Trump claimed that China could have contained covid-19, but let the disease spread, ensuring he saw evidence that the virus was created in a laboratory in Wuhan, a city in central China where the new coronavirus was spotted in late December."They [China] are a brilliant nation, scientifically and in other things. They could have saved it or stopped [the outbreak of the new coronavirus], but they didn't," Trump said at a press conference.Apple lost 0.94% to $291,042 after it revealed yesterday that it closed its fiscal second quarter with profits of $11.24 billion, or $2.55 per share, above the $2.26 average predicted by market consensus.Amazon sank 6.01% to $2,325.29 after it revealed that it posted profits of $2.535 million (2,314 million euros) in the first quarter of the fiscal year, 29% less than in the same period a year earlier.Load-Date: May 2, 2020End of Document

Acorn International Suspends Quarterly Dividend Policy Indefinitely; Takes Defensive Measures Given Potential for Coronavirus Outbreak to Materially Impact its E-Commerce BusinessPR NewswireMarch 2, 2020 Monday 6:30 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 734 wordsDateline: SHANGHAI, March 2, 2020 BodyPR NewswireAcorn International, Inc. (NYSE: ATV) ("Acorn" or the "Company"), announced that at its regularly scheduled meeting in February, 2020, the Company's board of directors voted to indefinitely suspend its quarterly dividend of US$0.0125 per ordinary share, or US$0.25 per ADS, due to current business impact and uncertainties concerning the potential longer-term impact of the 2019 novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak on the Company's e-commerce business.Discovered in Wuhan, China in December 2019, COVID-19 causes severe respiratory illness in humans. While it has begun to spread throughout the world, the vast majority of coronavirus cases are in mainland China, with over 78,000 diagnosed cases and over 2,700 deaths, based on the latest statistics from the World Health Organization as of the date of this release. Actions by the Chinese government to curtail the spread of the virus include limiting the transportation of people and goods within and outside of China. Many countries around the world have imposed travel bans to China and are quarantining travelers arriving from China."The outbreak of the coronavirus could have a material impact on our business in 2020. There has been disruption to our production capacity and our ability to deliver to customers in parts of China. There is also uncertainty about whether our ability to import raw material for our Acorn Fresh business will be affected materially. Finally, while we are adapting to work-from-home and flexible working arrangements, we have historically operated within a traditional office environment in Shanghai," said Mr. Jacob A. Fisch, CEO and President of Acorn International."Some of our online businesses appear to be experiencing increased demand, as customers prefer to shop from home. But we are concerned that the combination of supply-side disruption, delivery challenges and potential, long-term waning consumer demand caused by COVID-19, potentially exacerbated by other factors, could negatively impact our business. While we continue to monitor the situation, at this point it is difficult to assess the probable significance or duration of any disruption. As a result, we are taking a number of defensive measures to cut costs and conserve our cash resources, including salary reductions and the indefinite suspension of the quarterly dividend until we have more confidence concerning the current situation."About Acorn International, Inc.Acorn International is a leading marketing and branding company in China, leveraging a twenty-year direct marketing history to monetize brand IP, content creation and distribution, and product sales, through digital media in China. For more information visit http://www.acorninternationalgroup.com.Safe Harbor Statement           This news release contains forward-looking statements. These statements constitute "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "future," "going forward," "intends," "outlook," "plans," "target," "will," "potential," and similar statements. Such statements are based on current expectations and current market and operating conditions, and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Acorn's control, including the extent and duration of the adverse impact of COVID-19, which may cause actual results, performance, actions, or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties, or factors is included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.Investor Contacts: View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/acorn-international-suspends-quarterly-dividend-policy-indefinitely-takes-defensive-measures-given-potential-for-coronavirus-outbreak-to-materially-impact-its-e-commerce-business-301014114.htmlSOURCE Acorn International, Inc.Load-Date: March 2, 2020End of Document

Wrap up: The latest in technologyThe Johns Hopkins News-Letter: Johns Hopkins UniversityApril 18, 2020 SaturdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: SCIENCE-TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 1Length: 899 wordsBodyHopkins creates U.S.-specific map tracking COVID-19 testing and hospital capacityThe University launched a new map last week that adds to the institution's efforts to track the international outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19). The new map features data on the U.S. by county level, including local hospital capacities, population size and infection rate. The map was created by experts across multiple disciplines, building on the COVID-19 Global Tracking Map initially developed by Associate Professor Lauren Gardner and her team at the Hopkins Center for Systems Science and Engineering.The map also features data on county-level poverty rates and socioeconomic and demographic data. Associate Professor Jennifer Nuzzo of the Hopkins Center for Health Security spoke in a video press conference on April 14 about the implications of the data the new map provides, noting the potential for the data to guide public health officials and governments in decision making. Nuzzo stated that there are disparities in terms of which communities in the United States are suffering more from the pandemic."Not all communities are affected evenly, and not all communities are affected at the same time," she said in the press conference.In the first week, new app Quibi reaches over 1.7 million downloadsQuibi, a new streaming app which launched on April 6, hit 1.7 million downloads in the first week of its launch according to the company's CEO, Meg Whitman. The app rivals companies like Netflix by condensing shows into 10 minutes or less. It is currently only available on tablets and smartphones, but the company has mentioned plans to soon expand its reach to televisions.Whitman and Quibi's founder, Jeffrey Katzenberg, mentioned their aspirations for Quibi to compete with major entertainment services like Netflix, Disney+, TikTok and YouTube. With people spending more time at home due to social distancing and lockdown measures, several analysts felt that consumers would be more inclined to watch longer shows, which would negatively impact Quibi's ability to attract consumers. In an interview with CNBC, Whitman, who is also the former CEO of Hewlett Packard, disagreed. She noted that the COVID-19 pandemic had not hurt the company's launch."It turns out people have in-between moments at home," Whitman said. "We don't actually think it hurt us."China removes Animal Crossing after app was used for Hong Kong protestsChina removed the Nintendo game Animal Crossing: New Horizons from sale on websites in the country last week, after high-profile Hong Kong activists posted pro-democracy messages on the game.Animal Crossing: New Horizons is a popular simulation game which allows players to decorate the simulation with images and slogans. Activists supporting democracy in Hong Kong used the platform's customizing tool to post political material. Activist Joshua Wong posted on Twitter last week an image of his in-game decoration which included the words "Free Hong Kong, revolution now." In an interview with Wired UK, Wong explained why Animal Crossing had become a medium for activists in Hong Kong to advocate for democracy."Animal Crossing is a place without political censorship so it is a good place to continue our fight," Wong said. "Even lawmakers in Hong Kong are playing this game."No official announcement was made by the Chinese government regarding the game.Google and Apple collaborating to create contact tracing phone appsLast week, Google and Apple announced that they would be developing contact tracing apps for mobiles. The two tech companies teamed up on this project with a stated goal of preventing the spread of COVID-19 by identifying the contact information of individuals who test positive.Responding to public concerns, Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote in a tweet that the efforts would not infringe on user privacy."Contact tracing can help slow the spread of COVID-19 and can be done without compromising user privacy. We're working with [Google CEO Sundar Pichai] @sundarpichai & @Google to help health officials harness Bluetooth technology in a way that also respects transparency & consent," Cook wrote.In a press release on April 10, Apple also stressed its commitment to privacy and transparency during the development of contact tracing apps. The release includes links to various drafts of the design of the app, which the companies claim will be regularly updated. It also mentions the possibility of opting-out of involvement in contact tracing, noting that those who do not download the app will not be traced. Though it is an effort to maintain privacy of individuals, many epidemiologists believe this aspect of the design may result in a limitation to the app's overall effort to curb the spread of COVID-19.The contact-tracing project Covid Watch recently released an analysis noting that the apps would need about 50 to 70 percent of the population adopting them in order to be effective.However, even in the case of widespread adoption, some experts are concerned that the large quantities of data could overwhelm public health officials. In an interview with Wired, Associate Professor Jennifer Nuzzo of the Hopkins Center for Health Security raised the concern of false positives overloading health officials."Would it be so imperfect that it actually increases the workload for public health officials over traditional methods?" Nuzzo said.Load-Date: April 20, 2020End of Document

Infodemia and the pandemicCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 15, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 624 wordsBodyThe 2019 close brought with it the first cases of pneumonia in Wuhan, China; by the first week of 2020, the Chinese government reported that the cases of pneumonia presented in the province were not due to the SARS virus or the MERS, but to a new coronavirus, initially referred to by the World Health Organization (WHO) as 2019-nCoV , now known as Covid-19. Classified as a pandemic for its expansion around the world, in addition to concern for transmission levels.While in the world, as of March 12, 2020, there were 125 thousand 48 confirmed cases and 4,613 deaths, estimating an overall fatality rate of 3.96 percent. For Mexico, WHO had 15 cases, far below what was reported by the United States, with a thousand 596; Canada, with 152; Chile, with 33, and Argentina, with 17. So far, it is estimated that this pandemic is already present in 117 countries besides China: many of them have already implemented national measures and strategies to stop the speed of contagion and prevent future cases.Importantly, in February 2020, at the Security Conference in Munich, Germany, the Director-General of WHO warned that in addition to fighting an epidemic, a battle against infodemia was also taking place. This concept refers to the disinformation and dissemination of myths or fake news, through electronic platforms, traditional media and social networks. For the WHO owner, this infodemia was spreading faster and easier than the virus and was equally dangerous. So this international body urged governments, companies and media organizations and social networks such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, TikTok and Pinterest, to work together to properly report the level of alarm without falling into yellowing or panic.In this context, at the National Institute for Transparency, Access to Information and Protection of Personal Data (INAI), from our sphere of competence, we are convinced that access to information and the protection of personal data result to make effective and demand that the human rights of the population be respected, as well as to ensure an environment without misinformation and little certainty for society. In this respect, it is considered that truthful, accurate, timely and up-to-date information is essential to keep us safe, to provide us with the appropriate measures and the routes we must follow in the event of possible contagion. In this connection, access to reliable information, endorsed by recognized bodies such as the Secretary of Health or international health agencies, is recommended. As well as verification of the information, notes and messages we receive by social networks.In the area of personal data, this institute urges both public and private health institutions and providers to ensure that cases that have been reported in Mexico are treated with the utmost confidentiality of health information and seek strict security measures to prevent any access, theft, loss or unauthorized use. We should remember that information that gives an account of the present or future health status of an identified or identifiable person is considered in the Federal Law on the Protection of Personal Data in Possession of Individuals (LFPDPPP) and the General Law on the Protection of Individuals Personal Data in Possession of Obligated Subjects (LGPDPPSO), such as sensitive personal data.In order to know the recommendations of INAI for the proper processing of personal data before Covid-19, considering the different processing scenarios that may arise, I invite you to consult:http://inicio.ifai.org.mx/Comunicados/Comunicado%20INAI-085-20.pdf, as well as the different platforms of INAI Mexico where we will be attentive to this situation that everyone is responsible for.* INAI commissionerLoad-Date: March 16, 2020End of Document

Kadant Declares Cash DividendGlobeNewswireMay 13, 2020 Wednesday 1:56 PM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 705 wordsBodyWESTFORD, Mass., May  13, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kadant Inc. (NYSE: KAI) announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of $0.24 per share to be paid on August 6, 2020 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 9, 2020. Future declarations of dividends are subject to Board approval and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change.About KadantKadant Inc. is a global supplier of high-value, critical components and engineered systems used in process industries worldwide. Our products, technologies, and services play an integral role in enhancing process efficiency, optimizing energy utilization, and maximizing productivity in resource-intensive industries. Kadant is based in Westford, Massachusetts, with approximately 2,800 employees in 20 countries worldwide. For more information, visit www.kadant.com.Safe Harbor StatementThe following constitutes a "Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including forward-looking statements about our business, financial performance and cash dividend program. These forward-looking statements represent our expectations as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in Kadant's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2019 and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include risks and uncertainties relating to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operating and financial results; adverse changes in global and local economic conditions; the variability and difficulty in accurately predicting revenues from large capital equipment and systems projects; our customers' ability to obtain financing for capital equipment projects; international sales and operations; health epidemics; changes to government regulations and policies around the world; policies of the Chinese government; the variability and uncertainties in sales of capital equipment in China; levels of residential construction activity; reductions by our wood processing customers of their capital spending or production of oriented strand board; changes to the global timber supply; cyclical economic conditions affecting the global mining industry; development and use of digital media; currency fluctuations; demand for coal, including economic and environmental risks associated with coal; price increases or shortages of raw materials; dependence on certain suppliers; our acquisition strategy; failure of our information systems or breaches of data security and cybertheft; compliance with government regulations and policies and compliance with laws; implementation of our internal growth strategy; competition; soundness of suppliers and customers; changes in our tax provision or exposure to additional tax liabilities; our ability to successfully manage our manufacturing operations; disruption in production; future restructurings; economic conditions and regulatory changes caused by the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union; our debt obligations; restrictions in our credit agreement and note purchase agreement; substitution of an alternative index for LIBOR; loss of key personnel and effective succession planning; protection of intellectual property; fluctuations in our share price; soundness of financial institutions; environmental laws and regulations; climate change; environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; adequacy of our insurance coverage; anti-takeover provisions; and reliance on third-party research.ContactsInvestor Contact Information:Michael McKenney, 978-776-2000IR@kadant.comorMedia Contact Information:Wes Martz, 269-278-1715media@kadant.com Load-Date: May 13, 2020End of Document

The smart learning systems market was valued at USD 24.31 billion in 2019, and it is expected to reach a value of USD 82.58 billion by 2025, at a CAGR of 22.5%, during the forecast period (2020 - 2025); Schools and training centers are moving from the traditional blackboard approach to integrating smart technology into learning environments. The learning trend encompasses a broad range of activities, tools, and services, which are aiming to improve the educational outcomes of students and employees directly.GlobeNewswireMay 13, 2020 Wednesday 12:37 PM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 1056 wordsBodyNew York, May  13, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report "Smart Learning Systems Market - Growth, Trends, Forecasts (2020 - 2025)" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p05893130/?utm_source=GNW - Schools and training centers are moving from the traditional blackboard approach to integrating smart technology into learning environments. At the university level, institutions are adopting innovative methods, such as smart learning, to provide alternative pathways and opportunities for students to develop relevant and valuable skills in line with industry requirements.- Software solutions provide institutions with well-organized enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems that help faculty members build improved courses and manage classrooms and schools proficiently. Online education platforms create virtual classrooms, enabling teachers to manage a large audience without any budget constraint.- Moreover, in March 2020, Ellucian, a provider of software and services, announced that the Arkansas State University (ASU) System, a network of universities in Arkansas serving nearly 23,000 students, selected Ellucian Banner as its unified, cloud-based ERP solution. As part of the statewide effort to align higher education institutions, the ASU System would implement Banner to achieve a shared, scalable cloud platform designed to increase collaboration, combine resources, and support future growth among the system's schools.- The recent COVID-19 outbreak also impacted the global education industry. The pandemic is anticipated to have enormous economic consequences, and it is also having a devastating impact on global education. According to the latest figures released by the UNESCO, 1.3 billion learners around the world were not able to attend schools, as of March 23, 2020. Many schools, colleges, and universities are closed across the world.Key Market TrendsMobile Devices are Expected to Witness Significant Growth- Mobile devices are growing for smart learning due to their portability and convenience regarding accessing content and social interactions. The number of smartphone users is also increasing every passing day.- Owing to an exponential increase in ubiquity and computing capacity, today's smartphones provide endless possibilities for higher engagement, enhancement of student understanding, and extension of learning beyond the classroom. Smartphones also offer an easy way for teachers to "facilitate and inspire student learning and creativity" while increasing motivation.- Students and teachers communicate effectively and efficiently with simple clicks to obtain feedbacks. The learning outcomes for both ability and knowledge can be smartly measured and observed through the latest ICT technologies.- According to the latest survey by Learning House, 51% of respondents stated that they had used their phone or tablet device for reading required materials. Moreover, According to Open Colleges, 81% of teachers in the United States think tablets can enrich classroom learning, and 86% of students also believe that tablets can help them to study more efficiently.Asia-Pacific is Expected to Witness Significant Growth- Asia-Pacific countries contribute significantly to the growth of the smart learning market. The adoption of smart learning solutions is explicitly deployed in this region to determine the power of innovative learning methodologies; the intrinsic strength and rapid economic growth are aiding this region in becoming one of the fastest-growing education markets internationally.- India has the largest population in the world in the age bracket of 5-24 years, which presents a large number of opportunities in the education space. In a partnership with the Andhra Pradesh Government, Samsung announced setting up of Samsung Smart Class at 14 government colleges across Andhra Pradesh, India which offer Bachelors of Education (B.Ed) and Diploma in Education (D.Ed) courses- The Chinese government is funding technology initiatives that are aimed at narrowing the gap between the quality of education in rural and urban areas. There is a live-streaming network that connects hundreds of students spread across a vast area of China's countryside.- In 2018, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore (NTU Singapore) launched a new learning hub as part of the NTU Smart Campus vision. The learning hub is equipped with the latest technologies to support the flipped classroom pedagogy, wherein students learn the course content online before class and the face time with professors and classmates is devoted to collaborative learning.Competitive LandscapeThe smart learning system is highly competitive primarily owing to the presence of multiple players in the market operating in the domestic and international markets. The market appears moderately concentrated with small and large players offering learning strategies supporting smart learning, such as formal/informal, personalized, adaptive, social, and self-directed. The players in the market are adopting strategies like partnerships and expansions in order to increase their product functionality and expand their geographic reach.- Feb 2020 - Pearson and the Washington State University announced the renewal and expansion of their longstanding online degree partnership with the Carson College of Business. In an intensely competitive market, where general trends around MBA application volume are less and many programs are challenged to fight enrolment declines, Washington State University's online program continues to increase enrolment.- Mar 2019 - Blackborad Inc., launched the Instituto de EducaÃ§Ã£o Superior de BrasÃ­lia (IESB), a center for higher education located in Brasilia (Brazil) and implemented the company's flagship learning management system (LMS)- Blackboard Learn Ultra.?Reasons to Purchase this report:- The market estimate (ME) sheet in Excel format- 3 months of analyst supportRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05893130/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001Load-Date: May 13, 2020End of Document

Business HighlightsAssociated Press InternationalMay 28, 2020 Thursday 9:41 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; Business HighlightsLength: 841 wordsByline: By The Associated PressBody___41 million have lost jobs since virus hit, but layoffs slowWASHINGTON (AP) - Roughly 2.1 million people applied for U.S. unemployment benefits last week, a sign that companies are still slashing jobs in the face of a deep recession even as more businesses reopen and rehire some laid-off employees. About 41 million people have now applied for aid since the virus outbreak intensified in March, though not all of them are still unemployed. The Labor Department's report Thursday includes a count of all the people now receiving unemployment aid: 21 million. That is a rough measure of the number of unemployed Americans. The national jobless rate was 14.7% in April, the highest since the Great Depression.___Trump escalates war on Twitter, social media protectionsWASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump is escalating his war on social media companies, signing an executive order challenging the liability protections that have served as a bedrock for unfettered speech on the internet. He declared he was "fed up" with what he considers bias as prepared to sign the order on Thursday. Still, the move appears to be more about politics than substance, as the president aims to rally supporters after he lashed out at Twitter for applying fact checks to two of his tweets. Legal experts have expressed doubts Trump can do much by himself, without an act of Congress. And the order is certain to face legal challenges.___Hong Kong's business hub status imperiled by security lawHONG KONG (AP) - A security law proposed by China could imperil Hong Kong's status as one of the world's best places to do business. The law, approved Thursday in Beijing, led Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to say Washington will no longer treat Hong Kong as autonomous from Beijing. The Chinese government has not given details of its proposed law, which is aimed at suppressing secessionist and subversive activity in the former British colony. Businesses and experts say the uncertainty over Hong Kong's future may lead companies to shift operations elsewhere, while attracting and retaining talent in the city will be a challenge.---Wall Street's rally ends on fears about US-China tensionsNEW YORK (AP) - Wall Street's rally ran out of fuel in the last hour of trading on Thursday, and the market fell to its first loss in four days amid worries about rising U.S.-China tensions. The S&P 500 had been climbing for much of the day and was up as much as 1.1% at one point. But it all disappeared after President Donald Trump said he'll hold a news conference about China on Friday. That raised immediate worries among investors about possibly worsening relations between the world's largest economies, which had signed a deal earlier this year to at least pause their trade war.___US economy shrank at 5% annual rate in Q1WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. economy shrank at an even faster pace than initially estimated in the first three months of this year with economists continuing to expect a far worse outcome in the current April-June quarter. The Commerce Department reported Thursday that the gross domestic product, the broadest measure of economic health, fell at an annual rate of 5% in the first quarter, a bigger decline than the 4.8% drop first estimated a month ago. It was the biggest quarterly decline since an 8.4% fall in the fourth quarter of 2008 during the depths of the financial crisis.___Airlines increase job cuts as pandemic crushes air travelDALLAS (AP) - From Britain's EasyJet to American and Delta in the U.S., airlines are cutting even more jobs to cope with a crushing drop in air travel caused by the coronavirus. Easyjet said Thursday it will cut up to a third of its 15,000 employees, and the U.K. budget carrier estimates that it could take three years for demand to return to pre-pandemic levels. American Airlines says it will cut 30% of management and administrative jobs, about 5,000 jobs. And Delta Air Lines is announcing new programs to encourage even more employees to retire early. Global air travel is down about 90%.___NSA: Russian agents have been hacking major email programBOSTON (AP) - The U.S. National Security Agency says the same Russian military hacking group that interfered in the 2016 presidential election and unleashed a devastating 2017 malware attack has been exploiting a major email server program since last August or earlier. The timing of the intelligence agency's advisory is unusual considering that the critical vulnerability was identified 11 months ago and a patch was issued. The affected email program - Exim - is widely used though far less known than such commercial alternatives as Microsoft's proprietary Exchange. The NSA did not identify any targets of the Russian hacking group, which is known as Sandworm.___The S&P 500 ended the day down 6.40 points, or 0.2%, at 3,029.73. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 147.63, or 0.6% to 25,400.64. The Nasdaq composite fell 43.37, or 0.5%, to 9,368.99. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks shed 35.69 points, or 2.5%, to 14,000.67.Load-Date: May 29, 2020End of Document

Kent State students donate medical masks to local hospitals, connect with international suppliersThe Daily Kent Stater: Kent State UniversityApril 16, 2020 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: LATEST_UPDATES; Pg. 1Length: 1277 wordsByline: Jenna Borthwick, TV2 ReporterBodyMasks for Hope delivers medical supplies to local hospitals during the first drop-off on April 1. "The way I see it is that some of these masks could save lives," said Irvin Cardenas, a robotics researcher and computer science Ph.D. student at Kent State University. As the number of coronavirus cases grows in Ohio, some Kent State University students decided to address the shortage of personal protective equipment for health care workers by founding Masks for Hope.Led by Cardenas, the group started a GoFundMe page on March 25. They are using the donated money to purchase N95 masks, face shields and other supplies for local hospitals. Other organizers of the campaign include Tina Xu, a data scientist and graduate of Kent State, and Siera Terry, an entrepreneur and graduate student who helps with social media.  "We just wanted to start to help out because countries like Italy and China, and other countries like Iran were already feeling the high impacts in terms of the shortages," Cardenas said. Medical masks, such as the N95 mask, help keep health care professionals from being exposed to the coronavirus. The N95 mask prevents the wearer from airborne particles and liquid unlike cloth and knit masks, which may be used for additional protection.  "People get confused. They think that health care workers wear the cloth masks, that it is OK for them. But actually it is not. So they still need the medical masks," Xu said.Fallen tents at University Hospitals on March 20. Cardenas and Xu visited testing facilities and gathered field notes in order to better understand the coronavirus testing process. They first visited Cleveland Clinic and then University Hospitals.During their visit on March 20, there was a storm that caused about 200 people to leave University Hospitals without being tested. "When the storm was gone, they were the ones that actually stayed there putting up the tents, putting everything back together," Cardenas said. "These health care professionals, they are people just like us. They have families, friends, loved ones that are waiting for them, but they are sort of risking their lives to help our community through this crisis." Feeling motivated to help health care professionals, Cardenas started reaching out to friends and colleagues in his network, whether it was for donations or medical supplies. Through the contributions of people in the community and international manufacturing connections, Masks for Hope raised $4,565 of its $100,000 goal and donated about 4,000 medical masks and 140 face shields to the Cleveland Clinic and Summa Health. The group received its first order of supplies March 31 and delivered them April 1. Masks for Hope recently ordered another 535 medical masks and should receive them this week. To accomplish that, the team looked into the logistics and supply chain of securing PPE. For many hospitals and medical facilities, it is a long process that winds through financial offices, procurement offices and vendors in order to purchase supplies. Masks for Hope delivers supplies to local hospitals on April 1. "Any corporation you may think of - the bigger they are, the more complex it gets in terms of bureaucracy, interactions and policies. In the medical side, the same thing happens," Cardenas said.  If the company is a federally-based facility or private institution like a hospital, it is not necessary to pay for a product right away. Companies may discuss their payment terms on an invoice using "net 30," a trade credit that specifies the total amount of money that must be paid by the buyer in 30 days. Due to the low supply and high demand for medical masks, many companies are now asking, "What are your payment terms?" Cardenas said. Some hospitals are getting quoted anywhere between $3 to $9 for N95 masks. Before the pandemic, N95 masks would cost large corporations $1 or less. "They [suppliers] are not going to wait for this net 30 days to get paid if other countries, other cities, other individuals are paying up front," Cardenas said. According to the U.S. International Trade Commission, the U.S. imported 38.6 percent of its PPE and medical devices from China in 2019. Different suppliers and agencies have a specific cap on the number of health care items they can produce and export, especially now. "Countries like China and other European countries are kind of also monitoring in case COVID-19 cases spike up again. So, they're trying to be cautious," Cardenas said. Xu helps translate between Masks for Hope and international suppliers. She also translates documentation, which can include shipping details, customs and politics from the Chinese government. "I am originally from China, so my language barrier would be an advantage in this organization," she said. Boxes of medical supplies secured by Masks for Hope. Masks for Hope has one volunteer in Shanghai, China, who goes to factories himself and examines reports and prices of medical equipment. The group shares this information with other organizations and people looking to procure supplies for hospitals."As you can imagine, it's complex to get the interaction across different regions and language barriers," Cardenas said. Cardenas said it is important to build a trust network of manufacturers, suppliers, brokers or consultants to foster direct connections between hospitals. "Things have really degraded overall. And a lot of things have also disrupted this sort of logistics of the supply chain where you see people are trying to take the opportunity to make money off of this," he said.   As the concern for quality masks rises along with the demand, Cardenas ensures the supplies Masks for Hope acquired are Food and Drug Administration approved. The suppliers they work with provide the adequate certification, licenses and a virtual tour of their factories. "We procure a lot of the stuff from our friends," he said. "When we started looking into this, really it was about getting supplies to folks as soon as possible. ... We're trying to help them get the best prices with the safest guarantees."While Masks for Hope's main goal is immediacy, Cardenas does not want to be an intermediary in this process. Instead, he hopes the group can facilitate the direct connection between suppliers and hospitals. Cardenas and members of Kent State's Advanced Telerobotics Research Laboratory are still examining ways to optimize the coronavirus drive-thru testing process. "We're still working on the type of robotic kiosk that could facilitate the testing for coronavirus," Cardenas said. The group submitted a research proposal to the National Science Foundation.Masks for Hope is updating its website to share the information and data the group collects. "We personally feel that education is the key part so people understand what's happening, not just around coronavirus and COVID-19 and how it's spreading, but other things of what's happening, like the supply chain and logistics, how the industry has been disrupted," Cardenas said. Masks for Hope is partnering with local businesses such as HA!TEA in Kent and Slyman's Tavern and Cocky's Bagels in Cleveland. They will donate a portion of their sales to Masks for Hope's campaign. Cardenas noted the importance of staying home during this time and encourages people to be considerate of how the coronavirus is affecting people and businesses in our community."One of the things that we're trying to do is really also share a positive message of standing together," he said. "I think it's good to come together as a community and stand strong." Jenna Borthwick is the news director for TV2. Contact her at jborthw1@kent.eduLoad-Date: April 18, 2020End of Document

Section 232 Tariff Exclusion Process Hurting Essential U.S. Aluminum Workers; Commerce Department Must Reform System Encouraging Further Increases in Foreign, Flat-Rolled Aluminum ImportsGlobeNewswireApril 27, 2020 Monday 7:08 AM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 1200 wordsBodyARLINGTON, VA, April  27, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- In a recent letter to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, the Aluminum Association called for significant reforms to the Commerce Department's Section 232 aluminum tariff exclusion system. Under current rules set by the department, importers can request an exclusion from paying the 10 percent Section 232 tariff on specific aluminum products entering the United States. The Commerce Department has granted tariff exclusions for huge volumes of aluminum can stock, plate, sheet, foil and other products   far exceeding historical import volumes and U.S. market demand. This has created a market dynamic that gives foreign competitors an unfair advantage over domestic producers. The current system is a threat to the health of domestic aluminum manufacturers as the entire aluminum value chain is responding to the unprecedented impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Aluminum production, recycling and fabrication has been recognized as an essential industry in all guidance issued by the Department of Homeland Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Agency (CISA) as well as by most states."As resources are already strained with aluminum producers making the products to support health care, transportation, construction, defense, packaging, water purification, infrastructure and many other critical segments of the U.S. economy, firms are instead being forced to dedicate personnel to monitor and respond to a constant flow of Section 232 exclusion requests," said Tom Dobbins, president & CEO of the Aluminum Association. "At a time when the U.S. is looking to shore up domestic manufacturing supply chains, the Commerce Department's current approach encourages the opposite." Since the beginning of the program in 2018, the Commerce Department has granted more than 20 billion pounds of aluminum product exclusion requests, many of them over the objection of U.S. aluminum producers with the capability to make the product in question. Already in 2020, the Commerce Department has granted nearly 5 billion pounds of aluminum can sheet exclusions, including a sizable portion from China. The department has granted more than 8 billion pounds of can sheet exclusion requests since the program began. For context, the entire size of the domestic U.S. can sheet market is only about 3.8 billion pounds of which domestic producers have historically supplied about 97 percent. The exclusion system is encouraging increases in imports of flat-rolled aluminum products in particular. The Commerce Department has granted product exclusion requests for imports coming from China totaling more than 4.5 billion pounds, by far the most exclusions granted for any single country. Despite more than two years of broad Section 232 tariffs on aluminum imported into the U.S., the Chinese government continues to pursue industrial policies to expand its already massive aluminum overcapacity. And increasingly that overcapacity is being effectively exported to other foreign countries, further distorting markets.More data is available in the Aluminum Association's latest "Trends in 232 Product Exclusions" report."The current Section 232 exclusion process actively incentivizes companies to turn first to import aluminum products like sheet, plate and foil that are manufactured in abundance in the United States. Importers do not pay the regional transaction premium embedded in the cost of U.S. aluminum products, meaning every successful exclusion request forces a U.S. producer to compete for that sale with a foreign producer who suddenly has a built-in advantage," said Lauren Wilk, vice president for policy and international trade at the Aluminum Association. "There is a level of gamesmanship happening    importers are asking for huge volumes of exclusions, which are so large that no single domestic producer could possibly meet, and then using the granted exclusions as leverage in negotiations. U.S. aluminum manufacturers are now competing with both real and phantom imports. The system urgently needs reform."The Aluminum Association has provided detailed recommendations to the Commerce Department over the past two years, and we urge the department to initiate a variety of reforms to improve the Section 232 exclusion system including:• Market Review: Subject all exclusion requests to a comprehensive evaluation including market analysis to ensure that exclusion volumes requested are not disproportionate to historic import volumes.• Restrict Eligibility: Restrict eligibility for exclusion requests from importers who are not manufacturers, so that only importers who are in some way transforming the aluminum are eligible for an exclusion.  • Presumptive Denial: Adopt a stance of presumptive denial for aluminum and aluminum products manufactured in non-market economy countries like China.• Limit Exclusions: Allow exclusions only for products outside of the capability of domestic producers or for which there is no U.S. production. • Open Objection Process: Allow domestic producers (and trade associations) to oppose exclusion requests on these grounds (disproportionate volumes; non-market economy country).• Increased Analysis & Reporting: Analyze utilization of granted exclusion requests to understand the extent to which importers are using the granted exclusions and whether the volumes identified are unnecessarily large.• Improve Web Portal: Implement various technical fixes to ease use and analysis capabilities of the Commerce Department's exclusion request web portal."President Trump and Secretary Ross have repeatedly made clear their commitment to strong domestic aluminum manufacturing and pushing back on China's industrial policies that hurt American workers," added Dobbins. "Unfortunately, the Section 232 product exclusion system, as currently implemented, is actively undermining these goals. While we have long opposed the use of across-the-board tariffs on aluminum, we clearly should not be in the situation we are today where the policy is actively hurting the industry it is intended to help. The good news is that, with these reforms, the program can better achieve its stated policy goal of supporting U.S. manufacturing."###About The Aluminum AssociationThe Aluminum Association represents aluminum production and jobs in the United States, ranging from primary production to value added products to recycling, as well as suppliers to the industry. The Association is the industry's leading voice, providing global standards, business intelligence, sustainability research and industry expertise to member companies, policymakers and the general public. The aluminum industry helps manufacturers produce sustainable and innovative products, including more fuel-efficient vehicles, recyclable packaging, greener buildings and modern electronics.  In the U.S., the aluminum industry supports $174 billion in economic activity and nearly 700,000 jobs. For more information visit https://www.aluminum.org, on Twitter @AluminumNews or at Facebook.com/AluminumAssociation.     Attachment              • 232ExclusionSubReport 4-8-20              Matt Meenan Aluminum Association 703-358-2977 mmeenan@aluminum.org Load-Date: April 27, 2020End of Document

New York Mayor De Blasio Issues Transcript on Appearance on the Brian Lehrer ShowTargeted News ServiceMarch 30, 2020 Monday 8:51 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 6060 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: NEW YORK BodyNew York Mayor Bill de Blasio issued the following transcript of his appearance on the Brian Lehrer Show:Brian Lehrer: It's the Brian Lehrer show on WNYC. Good morning everyone and we'll begin as we usually do on Fridays with our weekly Ask the Mayor segment in just a minute. But there's one thing I want to do first today and that is to pay tribute to the New York City nurse who is now reported to be the first nurse to die from coronavirus. According to the New York Times, he is Kious Kelly, a 48-year-old assistant nurse manager at Mount Sinai West in Manhattan. His sister is quoted in the Times saying he had asthma, that would be irrelevant underlying condition, but he was working according to the Times sometimes without protective equipment. It says colleagues complained on social media that they did not have enough protective clothing or masks. Kelly's sister says his death could have been prevented. So, we pay tribute to, as far as we know, the first nurse on the front lines to die of coronavirus in New York and we say out loud the issues raised by his death.And with that we begin as we usually do on Fridays with our weekly Ask the Mayor segment -my questions and yours for Mayor Bill de Blasio at 2-1-2-4-3-3-WNYC, as our lines are open, 2-1-2-4-3-3-9-6-9-2, or you can tweet a question, just use the hashtag #AskTheMayor. Now callers, one word. We only have one-person screening calls today. We usually have two or three in normal times, but we're trying to have as few people as possible go into the studios. So please understand if the screener is moving fast to let you go after a segment ends or if we can't take your call within a segment, they're not being rude. It's the circumstance. There's a lot for one screener to do just to get enough calls ready to go on. So, thanks very much in advance for understanding. And good morning, Mr. Mayor. Welcome back to WNYC.Mayor Bill de Blasio: Brian, I want to thank you for paying tribute to the nurse we've lost because the healthcare workers are really going through such a tough time now. And we've got to make sure, and I'm saying this to all the people who run hospitals and everyone who's in the middle of this fight, we've got to make sure that the supplies we have get to the front-line workers. We do have supplies in this city. They don't have endless, you know, we can get through this weekend and next week, but we have supplies - got to make sure to get to the people doing the work, we have to protect them. So, it's very, very painful we've lost someone and we got to make sure that everyone is protected.Lehrer: Absolutely. I saw this stat tweeted by a Washington Post reporter, tell me if you can confirm this, that on Wednesday, in the city, there were 6,406 medical 9-1-1 calls - 6,406 in one day. And yes, that breaks the city record, which was set on September 11th, 2001. Is that where we are now?Mayor: Look, I know we've had a lot more volume. I cannot confirm that specific number. We can get that to you today. But what really matters is understanding there's a huge strain on our healthcare system and everything else that goes with it. Obviously our EMTs and the ambulances, our first responders in general, there's going to be a huge challenge and, you know, my job I think Brian, is to, you know, simultaneously remind people we will get through, because we will, you know, it'll be a rough, rough few months and then we're going to start to get better. But it's also to be honest that it's not going to be done. You know, we'd all like it to go away instantly. That's not going to happen. April is going to be really tough. I think May's going to be really tough and we desperately need help from outside to get through these next two months.Lehrer: And there's been so much attention on Elmhurst Hospital in Queens with that big Times article on the many deaths in one day and Queens in general is having the most cases. Why Queens? Why Elmhurst hospital?Mayor: Well, I think one of the most important things, most people wouldn't think this way about it but is just where hospitals are and Queens, you know, has the two big public hospitals, but you know, it's also a borough of 2.3 million people. So, to some extent this is a lot of people going to a few public hospitals sort of disproportionate to what you might see in other boroughs. That's definitely part of it. You know, we're trying to always understand what's going on with this disease. We've never confronted it before. It is clearly widespread over all five boroughs. The differences are not that intense from borough to borough really when you come down to it though, it's something we're facing everywhere, but it does not belittle what people are going through in Queens has obviously been really tough at particularly at Elmhurst Hospital.But I do think part of it is a very big community goes to Elmhurst specifically. Whereas in say, Manhattan or Brooklyn, people choose between more hospitals. The folks at Elmhurst are doing an amazing job. They're going through a really tough time, but it is an extraordinary hospital and it's a very, very strong hospital, very capable staff. We've been sending in constantly more and more four times in the last 10 days, we've sent more ventilators. We sent 40 over yesterday. We sent 56 additional staff over yesterday. We're going to keep doing that to help them through, but it's really tough. And we got to get some of these healthcare workers a break. They have been going to crazy hours. They're seeing a lot of death. Let's be blunt. I mean, you know, we're seeing - every healthcare worker has to deal with death sometimes, but these poor folks have been seeing a lot in a very concentrated period of time. We got to give them a break and get some other folks over to, you know, spell them and give them a chance to recover from what they've gone through.Lehrer: And we had a doctor write-in yesterday, I used this on the air yesterday, but I'm going to use it again today. He's in Massachusetts, but says in general in the hard-hit states, poor facilities that couldn't afford to stockpile personal protective equipment are experiencing severe shortages, while the workers at richer hospitals are better protected "socioeconomic divide" he writes, "doctors taking care of the poor being sacrificed." Can you say that that inequity is, or is not the case at Elmhurst or other city hospitals here?Mayor: No, it's not the case in the city hospitals. I really feel strong. I've had this conversation with the CEO of our public hospitals, Dr. Mitch Katz and constantly, and the - I mean the example that 40 ventilators went yesterday to Elmhurst is one of many that, you know, they will get what they need and we got to make sure, obviously that everyone in the management of every hospital, public and private gets everything that's been distributed to them, to the healthcare workers who need it. And that, you know, making sure that once it comes in the building, it gets to who needs it. And then it's constantly resupplied. But we do have enough supplies in the city this week and to get into next week after that, it gets really tough and I'm very, very worried, but I know we have them now. We got to make sure that fairness of that distribution happened the way it's supposed to happen, keeps going on. But no, I can say for a fact whenever our public hospitals have needed something, you know, that it goes from the warehouse to them. I've been seeing it with my own eyes.Lehrer: And I want to ask you before we go to the phones about the central issue of ventilators that we and you have been talking about every day, whether there will be enough for all the people whose lives could be saved by them in the hospitals. And I want to play soundbite from key member of the president's team that seems to take issue with the existence or extent of the potential shortage. Here is the president's top public health professional. Dr. Deborah Birx, who I gather is considered not a hack, but a real public health official with decades in global HIV leadership and appointed to her job by President Obama originally. Here's Dr. Birx at yesterday's White House briefing.Dr. Deborah Birx: Certainly many hospitals talk about this on a daily basis, but to say that to the American people, to make the implication that when they need a hospital bed, it's not going to be there or when they need that ventilator, it's not going to be there. We don't have an evidence of that right now and it's our job collectively to assure the American people - it's our collective job to make sure that doesn't happen. Right now, you can see these state, these cases are concentrated in highly urban areas. There are other parts of the states that have lots of ventilators and other parts of New York State that don't have any infections right now. So, we can be creative, we can meet the need by being responsive.Lehrer: Do you have a response to that?Mayor: Look. Dr. Birx, who I've spoken to, I want to say in general we obviously need her as one of the leaders of this fight. And Dr. Fauci, you know, who is a New Yorker who is doing amazing work. I appreciate their overall effort. I think the way she's saying it is not entirely fair. And I'll tell you why. It's one thing to say, Hey, if within a single state someplace needs a lot of ventilators, other place doesn't need many ventilators, shift them around. Okay, that's fair. But the problem is her assessment misses the shocking growth pattern that, you know, we've seen it in the city obviously where you know, somewhere between a quarter and a third of all the cases in the nation right now. But if you look in the suburbs and then that first horrible shock had in Westchester County, there's a lot of cases in Westchester, Nassau and Suffolk right now. And this is just the beginning. So I don't know how she says, you know, there's not evidence, there's tons of it, look, it's not just Elmhurst, it's happening at a number of hospitals in this city that the, the number of cases is shooting upward and that means a huge pressure not on the medical, only on the medical staff, on the need for ventilators. So I think maybe what she said it might be true for some places, it sure as hell is not the whole truth here.Lehrer: And as you urge the president to invoke the Defense Production Act to order companies to produce ventilators and personal protective equipment like masks, so we get more, faster, the president yesterday said this:President Donald Trump: For the most part, the companies, we don't need it. We say we need this and they say, don't bother. We're going to do it. I mean we were dealing with Ford, General Motors, 3M, we're dealing with great companies. They want to do this, they want to do this. They're doing things that frankly, they don't need somebody to walk over there with a hammer and say, do it. They are getting it done.Lehrer: Can you react to that idea that the private sector is doing it voluntarily?Mayor: Look, I've had this conversation with the president directly and I can at least understand - I'm going to be respectful because we need him to actually produce for New York City right now. So, I'll be respectful. But I also want to say that I understand some of this is just plain philosophical, ideological, you know, he believes the private sector is the solution to everything. I believe right now the private sector can play a crucial role and a lot of companies are stepping up, but they are not stepping up to the degree we need them to in many cases. Nor is it coordinated to ensure that what needs to be produced is produced on the most aggressive schedule and then distributed where it has to be. Nor is the military - has the military been brought in in the ways they need to be to pretty sure that those key supplies and equipment get where they need to get in the nation as quickly as humanly possible. The only force that can do that is the military. And we also need their medical personnel that they have a huge number of. There's something broken here because the country is really not being organized to fight this war. I mean, that's just the truth. You can't say, hey, that's a great company and they're producing a lot of stuff and think that's the end of discussion. Is the stuff getting where it needs to be and you know, is it being produced at the highest possible level? What happens when that supply runs out? Those are the basic questions you would ask in a war and we're not - they're just not being asked now. That's just the fundamental truth.Lehrer: All right. The first caller I want to take from you is Andy in Upper Manhattan and I think based on something I read just before you came on that you might have some good news for him. Andy in Upper Manhattan, you're on WNYC with Mayor de Blasio. Good morning.Question: Good morning Brian, good morning, Mr. Mayor, how are you doing?Mayor: Good, Andy, how do you feel?Question: I'm good, thank you. I'm in good shape. I'm in my forties, I'm not so afraid of getting sick. I'm trying to be safe and not doing anything stupid, but I live with my mother-in-law and I have a very young child and I'm much more worried about them. Why, if this is such a real emergency, am I going to work every day without protective equipment on luxury high rises? I haven't seen my boss in three weeks, we're sharing a port-a-potty. We're crammed into the man lift. We're given no protective equipment and I'm afraid I'm going to get sick and bring it home.Lehrer: You're a construction worker building luxury buildings. Is that it?Question: Yeah. Yeah, I thought you'd just say [inaudible]Lehrer: Mr. Mayor, I think we have -Question: I like what I do and I get paid well but we are not essential workers.Mayor: Right Andy, I agree with you. And the news that Brian was referring to. So, we've been talking to Governor's team, my team about how to address this issue. I think you're exactly right. And the Governor just announced based on what was absolute agreement between New York City in New York State, that non-essential construction will end, anything that is not directly part of the essential work of fighting coronavirus and the essential work of keeping the city running and the state running, any construction that's not about the public good is going to end. So, luxury condos will not be built until this is over, you know, office buildings are not going to be built so that work's going to end immediately. We need to protect people. I think you're right. This was one of the pieces that wasn't being addressed and you know, in the rush of things, you understand some things get missed in the first instance, but thank you for sounding alarm. Other people have too, and as of this morning that non-essential construction is being canceled.Lehrer: What took so long on this one? People have been calling us for over a week, Jumaane Williams was on I think Thursday last week saying this was outrageous as other things were being shut down. What took so long on this one?Mayor: Well, Brian, I want to be fair. And I know the Governor and his team were dealing with the same challenge. You know, a week ago it was not at all clear the stimulus bill was going to happen. In fact, you'll remember it sort of seemed to be coming together and then fell apart many times. And I think we're all grappling with, all of us in public service are grappling with the fact that people are just losing their [inaudible] deeply that there's fundamental problems like affording food, affording medicine. You know, it's - we're trying to deal with this immediate crisis, but if people are getting impoverished, there's another crisis that gets created.So, I think there was a real hesitation to take away work that might still be allowable because it was outdoor work, which is just fundamentally different in terms of this disease and how it functions than indoor. But now that the stimulus is there, to me, certainly that was a real part of feeling better about canceling all of this non-essential construction, knowing that people at least would have some kind of support and obviously we have to take every step for safety. So, I think there was a legitimate - because it was outdoors, because it wasn't clear if people are going to get any kind of real safety net from the federal government. There was hesitation. But now it's absolutely time to do it.Lehrer: [Inaudible] in Harlem. You're on WNYC with the Mayor. Hello, [inaudible].Question: Hello Brian. Thank you for taking my call. Mr. Mayor, I wonder if there's any plans to issue tickets to people who are congregating in the parks? You know, too close to each other. There's no social distancing. I live right across the street from St. Nicholas Park and there were about 15 or 20 people there yesterday, so I called the 26th Precinct and the officer desk said he couldn't do anything.Mayor: Well [inaudible], I'm really sorry you had that experience and I'm going to talk to the Police Commissioner to make sure that the commanding officer at the 26th Precinct understands that all the men and women under his command can never say they can't do anything, or, you know, the NYPD is supposed to serve people in the city in every situation. And I need you to give your information to WNYC so we can follow up about exactly who you talked to, so we can fix that situation. I want people to call 3-1-1, not their precinct. So, this is what I want to say to all New Yorkers, call 3-1-1 if you see people hanging out in the park, congregating, call 3-1-1. If you see a grocery store that's too full, if you see a line outside of pharmacy that people - are like a normal line instead of everyone's six feet apart from each other, call 3-1-1 that will lead to NYPD being alerted or Parks Department or Fire Department, whoever's got people nearest to come over and break it up.To your question about summonses, look, the right now we're not doing summonses. We're trying to educate and warn and break things up and move people along and get them used to a new reality. If we have to get a lot tougher in terms of penalties, we can do that, but the goal right now is to try to get people to understand how serious this is and show them consistent enforcement. I do think people are learning more every day. The thing's getting tougher and tougher. They're getting educated constantly by the media, but you know, the next step of course would be to up the ante and bring penalties into play if we have to do that and that may just be days away if we don't see people handle it better.Lehrer: And I've seen myself and heard complaints from others about people outside seemingly oblivious to the courtesy of six feet as they pass on the street. I've also seen some complaints online about runners who run closely past people assuming that the six feet doesn't matter or because they're moving by, but they're breathing relatively hard, presumably as they expend that energy. Part of Italy shutdown running and biking, could either of those things become necessary here?Mayor: Look, I think we've got to be - I continue to believe and have this conversation all the time with our public health folks, that there is a balance that has to be struck. This is going to be - I think April and May. All right now that's my best projection. I don't think it's realistic to say to 8.6 million people you can't get any exercise for two months. We've got to think people's health overall, this is - the coronavirus is a massive challenge, but you know, there's lots of other health challenges and telling people I can't get any exercise is actually going to be dangerous to a lot of people's health on many other levels. I do think you're right to say everyone's got to intensify their efforts to keep that distance. Now, I've been in many, many parts of the city the last few days that looked like a ghost town.So clearly it because of the, the rules that the State put together, which we agree with fully, there's a huge number of people home. You know, schools are shut down, all sorts of - everything, entertainment, recreation is shut down. So I think it's fair to say in a lot of cities there's very, very little activity compared to what used to be and a lot of people observing the rules. There's definitely some people who need, you know, to be corrected and enforced, [inaudible] and educated. It's not the norm from what is seeing. The norm is people taking this very seriously.And I think, you know, the goal right now is just constantly remind people, if you go outside, it's for as little time as you possibly can. Get to the grocery store, get to the pharmacy, if you need some exercise, go get it, but then go back home and, you know, everyone's got to be a part - this is another case, Brian, the government cannot do this all alone. Under perfect conditions, the government could not do this all along. People have to be vocal. If someone's not keeping distance, you have first of all, create the distance yourself, but remind people and we've all got to have that conversation with each other. There has to be an element of personal responsibility for us to get through a crisis this big.Lehrer: Listener asks on Twitter, why are so few streets being closed? There are more street closers on a typical summer weekend for street fairs. And for the context for that, I see that you're closing four streets to cars for four days to cut down on density in parks. So why not more than that?Mayor: Because of the challenge during enforcement. If you shut down the streets, you know, the optimized view of this is how you shut down the streets and you know, people have a new place to go and they spread out and that's great, then that would be wonderful. But the flip of that is you create a new place for people to congregate, but it doesn't have enforcement unlike, you know, parks and defined areas where we know we have to enforce. So, what we've done working with the City Council is to find a small group of streets to begin, added enforcement to them, and remember, every time you have to go enforce something else, you're stretching your resources. And if it works well, we can keep adding to it. But what I would hate to see is we think we're solving a problem and we create a brand-new problem of a place for people to hang out that doesn't have a police officer or a parks officer or someone to keep people separated.Lehrer: Alice in Brooklyn. You're on WNYC with Mayor de Blasio. Hi Alice.Question: Yes. Hello. My name is Alice. I teach at an elite college in New York City and the lot of Chinese students there, and one of my Chinese students, her mother actually in China, owns a number of factories that produce masks and protective gear. And because her daughter lives in New York, she wants to donate tens of thousands of these things to us. But there are surprisingly a lot of hurdles, for instance, the problems between the Chinese and American governments and trade and all sorts of things. So, I'm asking for your help to get these donations. She also knows other people in China who are producing the n95 masks that would be might very well be willing to sell them to New York at production costs, which is below wholesale cost. So really cheap.Lehrer: Mr. Mayor?Mayor: Thank you. Alice, will you please give your information at WNYC we're going to have our team follow up with you today. Yeah - what this whole crisis has pointed out is that the American people are belatedly at the mercy of foreign producers when it comes to medical equipment and supplies. And this is a situation that has to be fixed going forward is not the last health challenge, global health challenge, we're going to see. It's really, really striking that globalization has created a new dependency that's very, very dangerous and we used to talk about energy independence, healthcare independence is actually crucially important. We're going to have to really rework this and rebuild an industry in this country that can produce these things just like these amazing workers, and it was out of nowhere at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. And Brian really want to urge your listeners to go to my Twitter feed @NYCMayor and see this video of these folks at the Brooklyn Navy Yard who created their own factory from scratch, hand producing face shields to protect healthcare workers and first responders. I mean literally made by hand, they're going to have a 120,000 ready by next week because there is no industry here doing that that we can get a supply enough from.But to Alice's point, we'll have someone follow up with her today. We are finding some foreign suppliers that we can get through that maze that Alice is describing and get some of that here, but the problem is unless it's someone donating like the person Alice is talking about, you know, we're being outbid by other places in the country to other places in the world, and then we up our bids and get outbid again. It's become crazy. The private market is not functioning right now for all these supplies. That's part of why we needed the federal government so badly to step in. But we want whatever Alice's friend has, we want to get that here as quickly as possible. Our team will work on that today.Lehrer: Alice, hang on, we'll take your contact information. We did have success the other day, Mr. Mayor, when somebody like Alice called in and said his father had four ventilators and Brooklyn hospital got in touch with us just hearing that on the air and we heard that they did make an arrangement to transfer those four ventilators. So, listeners -Mayor: That makes a huge difference. Four ventilators, saves a lot of lives. That's really good news.Lehrer: It's four times how many - however many people use them over time. I see that obviously the schools are closed, but you opened the places called Regional Enrichment Centers for children of essential workers, I see are now expanding eligibility to grocery store and pharmacy workers, kids as well as the already included health care workers, kids and others. How far should this go? Should postal workers and FedEx and UPS workers in the new delivery economy, their children be eligible, you know, with their parents essential, what should this include?Mayor: It's something we're looking at all the time and, you know, willing to expand when we can assure people that we will have, you know, a space for their child. I want to be careful about if we're going to make a promise we have to be able to keep it. So, right now, what we're finding is there's been a lot of interest but not a lot of kids actually showing up. And I think, you know, there's a lot going on here obviously and families are in flux and a lot of family members are home and I think what's happening is that because there's such a massive number of people home, it probably has changed the minds of some essential workers that they do have some other options for the kids, they might not have had even a week ago.But yeah, right now we're not seeing the take up on it that we would have expected. So, so long as we know we will have space, we are open to expanding further. I think we need to give it a few more days to really see what's going on before can make a decision. But postal workers are a great example.Lehrer: If kids aren't going, I wonder if it's maybe because the parents don't trust that the people running the centers can really keep the kids six feet apart. How much can you guarantee that they can?Mayor: Look, first of all, I think there's a lot of concern and fear and confusion out there. And the central question, I know it as a parent, the first question is always going to be, is your child safe? And then obviously parents want to make sure their child is doing something constructive. The folks running these centers are very devoted to making sure that they're handled safely. And in fact, because there's not a lot of kids in them right now, there's certainly plenty of room. I'm sure parents are worried about that. They're there for essential workers. So, here's what it comes down to - so long as the essential worker, if they've got a better arrangement, that's fine. We just need to support them to make sure they can show up and doing the lifesaving work they're doing. If they don't have another arrangement, they can depend on these centers as a place where clearly social distancing is being practiced. There's a medical - a school nurse there. It's obviously all about protecting the kids so the essential workers can get to work. And I think if there's anyone who needs that, if they need that for their child, call 3-1-1, we'll give you the right location. They can obviously come take a look for themselves to be satisfied. But the most important thing is protecting the kids and making sure that worker can get to work.Lehrer: You were talking even this week about the possibility of schools reopening this term. Officially, they're only closed through April 20th, as of now. Do you want to announce that they'll have to remain closed for the semester?Mayor: It's not time for that, Brian. I couldn't have been blunter - I mean, you know, I hated closing the school. I thought, you know, it was going to cause all sorts of other problems, and of course it has. But I said, our first attempt will be April 20th, because, that's right, the Monday after the spring vacation that was already in place for the schools. That's a real tough goal right now. But when we got closer is the right time to make that final decision.Lehrer: And the tension between the public health threat and the economic and family pain in other ways, you know, President Trump is getting a lot of flack now for wanting to try to reopen sooner than later, maybe in some low-virus counties. But as you just indicated, you were reluctant at first to cancel schools, and Broadway, and the St. Patrick's Day Parade because of the economic pain. Was that balance a learning curve for you?Mayor: I think the whole godforsaken experience has been a learning curve. None of us have ever been through anything like this. The only possible comparison is what the country went through in the Depression and World War II. And, you know, my parents happened to have gone through that. They had me late in life and, you know, I got a lot of lessons from them, but nothing I think could prepare any of us for the speed and - this thing has been so fast, you know, from - I mean, March 1st, I think it was, we had one case. You know, it's just breathtaking. So, what I think we're learning in real-time, and that's so it matters, because, right now, the only thing I'm thinking about is how do we get through this week? How do we get to the next week? After next week, I get very, very worried. But my focus is, literally, how do we get through the immediate challenge. And then, you know, when we get - when we're sure this crisis is over, we all have to assess what it means for the future. But, right now, we've got to survive.Lehrer: Do you think reopening the economy in counties far from New York that aren't hard hit would be a threat to New York?Mayor: I don't think it's about a threat to New York. I think it's a threat to the people in those counties and it's a threat to their states. I think there is a, kind of, willful ignorance going on. You look at what has happened with this disease all over the world, it's pretty clear the way it spreads. If you start to open up new avenues for it to spread again - because if you "reopen the economy," what does that mean? People travel, you know, they go to meetings - there's all the things that will just exacerbate the spread. So, you take a place that right now have much, thank God, and you then guarantee it will start to have its own epidemic. And most places don't have a lot of health care on top of that, you know, which means they'll be hit even harder.Lehrer: One more call before we run out of time. Alison, in Manhattan, you're on WNYC with the Mayor. Hello, Alison.Question: Hi. Oh my God, I'm a little nervous. First of all, I have to say, I can't imagine running this wonderful city of which I am a native in this time. And I think you're doing a great job. Excuse my trembling voice.Mayor: Thank you, Alison.Question: I also love how [inaudible] but the journalist yesterday, at your briefing, I think you're pragmatic, I think you're giving us the facts. I love how you have your little book next to you. I think you're fabulous. So, with that said, I'm a neighbor of yours, I'm on the Upper East Side. Co-op boards - at least, mine and some others on Facebook pages seem to be, you know, putting down restrictions - who can visit, who can come in and who cannot come in. What is their jurisdiction? I'm a little offended at some of the choices. Some people have to use the service-garbage elevator. I mean, it's kind of an age-old problem with some co-ops. I'm not a Park Avenue co-op, it shouldn't really matter where you are -Mayor: And, Alison, forgive me for jumping in, but our time is running so short. Let me get a response to you from the Mayor about the jurisdiction of co-op boards to restrict who comes in, professional services or even friends I've seen in some cases of residents.Mayor: Yeah, Alison. It's a really good question. And, Alison, thank you for your kind statement and I really appreciate that personally. And please give your information to WNYC, because we - this as a good one. I'm going to actually get a bigger answer on this and tell the people of the city, because Alison asked the question, I'm sure lots of people are asking. So, I need to get a firm answer on the legal reality on how we avoid discrimination because I think Alison is pointing out that we cannot in this crisis allow people to fall back on the kind of discriminatory thoughts that often used to pervade who gets to use one elevator, who has to use another. We've got to be really smart and careful about that. But if Alison, give your information to WNYC, we'll follow up with you. And, Brian, I pledge, that I will get a bigger answer and give it to you and the people in the city.Lehrer: I know we're a couple of minutes over time. Can I sneak in one more from somebody who I think has a situation that deserves to be aired. Tracy, in Woodhaven. You're on WNYC with the Mayor. Hi, Tracy.Question: Hi. Good morning, Brian. Good morning, Mayor. I'm calling because I am a health care worker, but not one that is often mentioned. I work in a group home with developmentally disabled adults. I worked for an agency. And we're on the front lines and, like any other place, we are having so much trouble getting supplies, even things like toilet paper - our vendors are out - we can't get hand sanitizer, we can't get Lysol. How can this - I mean, the economics of this is incredible, but is there a way that the City can help agencies like ours? Because again, you have eight people living in a house and one of them is now positive. How do you quarantine? People share bedrooms. I mean, it's really a concern.Lehrer: Mr. Mayor, how bout for these? And many of these are City-linked, as you know, the group homes for developmentally disabled adults.Mayor: Sure. Tracy, thank you. This is also a really important topic that we need to get clear answers and guidance out. Please give your information to WNYC and we can at least immediately get you some help. And we need to get a bigger answer, because I think what we're finding is whole crisis is, you know, we started, the State started with the big strokes and now, you know, we're starting to see all these things that have not yet been answered, not yet been accounted for and we have to catch up while trying to manage this crisis. So, I'm really glad you called because the last thing we want to do is forget these folks, you know, your residents who have so many challenges, but also the people doing the work like you who are doing really noble work, we have to support you and get you supplies as well. So, my folks at Department of Health will be following up and we'll make sure we get you some supplies. Please give your information to WNYC.Lehrer: Mr. Mayor, thanks as always. Hang in there. Talk to you next week.Mayor: Thank you. You too, Brian. Take care.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7070959 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 30, 2020End of Document

Coronavirus: Egypt quarantines passengers from Nile cruise boatUPIMarch 7, 2020 Saturday 9:43 AM ESTCopyright 2020 U.P.I. All Rights ReservedLength: 445 wordsByline: SOMMER BROKAWDateline: Dec. 31 BodyOfficials in Egypt quarantined passengers from a cruise boat on the Nile river Saturday after 12 crew members tested positive for coronavirusEgyptian authorities were tipped off to the presence of the virus on the vessel after the World Health Organization said a dual Taiwanese-U.S. national tested positive after returning home from the cruise. The 12 crew members were asymptomatic.Cruise officials docked the ship near Luxor to disinfect it. has killed more than 3,400 people and infected over 100,000, mainly in China, as of Saturday morning, according to global data compiled by  University.Mainland China alone has 80,651 cases and 2,959 deaths, the global tracker shows.The Chinese government this week placed a ban on the consumption of wild animals. The coronavirus outbreak has been linked to a wildlife market in Wuhan, China. It's unclear which animal may have transferred the virus to humans.South Korea, Iran, Italy and Japan also have thousands of cases.Outside of China, South Korea has the most cases with 7,041, according to the global tracker, and 44 deaths. Iran has 4,747 cases and 124 deaths. Italy has 4,636 cases and the most deaths outside China at 197 deaths. Japan has 1,045 cases, including 706 cases linked to the Diamond Princess cruise ship, and 12 deaths.Italian officials, who earlier this week closed all schools and universities in reaction the outbreak, announced Saturday they will quarantine at least 10 million people in Lombardy and 11 provinces to the north and east of the country until at least April.Italy's co-ruling Democratic Party leader Nicola Zingaretti has tested positive for the coronavirus, and confirmed Saturday in a statement on Facebook that he is in self-isolation.U.S. Naval Forces Europe-Africa reported Saturday a U.S. Navy sailor in Naples has tested positive for the virus, and has restricted to their residence there.EUCOM said military health officials were investigating who the sailor might have been in contact with to determine whether any other service members were exposed. Those who have had close contact with the sailor have been in self-isolation.A former professional Denmark soccer player, Thomas Kahlenberg, who represented Denmark at the 2010 World Cup, has been quarantined after recently traveling to Amsterdam where he contracted the virus.In Hong Kong, 17 people tried to escape quarantine and leave the city, but Immigration Department staff stopped them at the borders, Secretary for Food and Health Sophia Chan said Friday. said he would make Sunday blessings through a streaming service inside the Vatican, instead of appearing in person at St. Peter's Square because of the outbreak.Load-Date: March 7, 2020End of Document

Cryptocurrencies: a possible option in the face of the global recession?CE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 22, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 570 wordsBodyMultilateral bodies such as the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and dozens of central banks around the world have made clear the coming economic crisis is comparable to the Great Depression of 1929. So far, a decline in the global economy is expected to be 3%.The world's governments have done all they can to try to appease the economic effects of the pandemic, but the truth is that, in some cases, measures taken by States to stimulate markets can subsequently trigger inflation, devaluation and other elements of an economic crisis.Capital injection, monetary issue and inflationThe most widely used measure so far is the injection of capital into the markets, which is nothing but monetary issuance. Printing money without backup to help cope with the crisis is a solution that can work in the short term.In the long run it is an inflation-generating measure that causes currencies to lose value.The equation is simple, the more amount of a good (money, for example) the less value it will have because the fact that there are more amount means that it is now easier to access it.Normally when a currency loses value, people seek to take refuge in another that is stronger. In Venezuela, for example, the devaluation of the bolivar has progressed so far that Venezuelans now trade more with US dollars than with their own currency.In fact, the dollar is not the only currency that has acquired greater use because of this. The volume of bitcoin trading in Venezuela on the LocalBitcoins exchange is the fourth highest in the world and the main reason is that it is more convenient to have bitcoin than bolivars despite the volatility.External factors: focusIn a crisis scenario, cryptocurrencies could be an option to protect your money. However, when it comes to crypto you have to take into account the factor of volatility. Any external event affecting the relationship could greatly affect the price of one or more cryptocurrencies.For example, in 2017 when the first bitcoin futures contracts were signed, there was a large increase in demand for the first cryptocurrency, bringing its price to $20,000 (its highest point so far). After that, its value began to fall because that amount was the result of a spike in demand generated by the news of the contracts that made people interested and bought.Fear influencesThe same has happened the other way around. External events have negatively affected causing the price to fall.In 2019, the Chinese government made public its intention to ban cryptocurrency mining in the country for the amount of resources it consumes this practice and the pollution it generates for many.This statement generated panic in the cryptocurrency world because China was the epicenter of bitcoin mining worldwide, which caused many to start selling their crypto holdings.This massive sale led to a collapse in the prices of both Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.ConclusionIn conclusion, cryptos could well be an option in the face of a possible devaluation of some fiat currencies.Still, it's important to note that this market is as sensitive as any other and if you're considering using digital currencies as a haven for the value of your money, it's a good idea to study the picture first, weigh several options and choose the one that makes you feel more comfortable.I learned all about cryptocurrencies: Click and watch the free conference"The 3 Crypto Secrets".Load-Date: May 23, 2020End of Document

MICT Enters Fintech Market with Acquisition of Global Fintech Holdings for $26 Million and Raises Up to $15 Million; -- Approximately $26 million of convertible securities (convertible into shares of MICT common stock) as consideration for the mergerPR NewswireApril 15, 2020 Wednesday 7:30 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1550 wordsDateline: MONTVALE, N.J., April 15, 2020 BodyPR NewswireMICT, Inc. (Nasdaq: MICT) ("MICT" or the "Company") announced today that it has entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger to acquire a wholly-owned subsidiary of Global Fintech Holdings Ltd ("GFH"), subject to certain closing conditions. Simultaneously, the Company has approved a private placement of convertible notes of up to $15 million, which shall be convertible into shares of MICT common stock at a conversion price of $1.10, consisting of $11 million of committed funding, with the ability to raise an additional $4 million on the same terms.The acquisition and fundraise follow MICT's strategic decision announced in 2019 to move into the rapidly growing global fintech sector. The Company plans to deploy the funds raised to, among other things, make further fintech related acquisitions and enter into partnerships that are contemplated to deliver immediate earnings growth and enhance long-term shareholder value, as well as to further develop GFH's online platforms.The GFH acquisition gives MICT ownership of a versatile proprietary trading technology platform designed to serve a large number of high growth sectors, as well as to interface with platforms used by strategic partners. Primary areas of focus include online brokerage for equities trading and sales of insurance products in several foreign markets. The early and primary focus will be on the provision of services in China, where the significant growth in the country's affluent class has driven a surge in demand for investment products and wealth management services. It is believed that this rapidly growing yet still nascent market offers a valuable opportunity for MICT, through its acquisition of GFH, to leverage its robust platform to serve Chinese investors who seek to participate in both their domestic financial market and in the established markets of London, New York, and Hong Kong.Online BrokerageOnline stock trading volumes quadrupled from $445 billion in 2018 to $1.8 trillion in 2019 in China. The country's burgeoning middle class are increasingly investing and trading online, driven by recent changes in the regulatory environment coupled with China's economic growth and development. GFH is at an advanced stage of launching its stock trading offering in China. Over the past 18 months, GFH has accumulated a significant database of several million active users who regularly trade stocks or transact in other financial services products that GFH intends to support in the future. It is believed that this database positions the Company strongly, and it is contemplated that the Company shall, through this database, enter into partnerships in the future with some of China's leading internet portals. GFH's platform is designed to serve both the B2B and B2C market.InsuranceWhile the explosive growth of Chinese stock trading is expected to continue, MICT's near-term  opportunities through its purchase of GFH also include the insurance sector, in which GFH has developed a number of key commercial relationships. GFH has recently been focused on launching certain online insurance brokerage platforms for retail and commercial clients. Although China's market for insurance products is still in its early stages of development, it has already experienced significant growth, with non-life premiums standing at $147 billion in 2017 and life premiums at $383 billion. By 2032, total insurance premiums in China are estimated to reach $2.36 trillion, overtaking the US market by almost $1 trillion. GFH is believed to have identified emerging segments of the Chinese insurance market characterized by high demand, where it is contemplated that the Company's platform shall be successful in making a suite of new insurance products broadly available.The post-merger MICT business is underpinned by what is believed to be GFH's competitive advantage in certain major global markets, including its technology platform which has already been deployed in China, and management's longstanding relationships with Chinese corporations and governments, as well as GFH's own substantial database. Leveraging these advantages, the Company plans to execute on numerous fintech sector and geographic growth and acquisition opportunities in the coming months.Effective April 2, 2020, Darren Mercer, CEO of GFH and board member of MICT, assumed the role of interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company. David Lucatz resigned from the position of President and CEO of MICT and will continue to serve on the Company's board of directors.Commenting on the fundraising and acquisition, Darren Mercer said:"GFH is the first major step for MICT into the fintech space and we anticipate that it will soon be followed by further important partnerships and acquisitions. This successful raising of substantial new capital in today's extremely adverse market conditions is testament to the huge potential of GFH as a platform for MICT's strategy. We believe that the GFH acquisition represents a unique opportunity for investors to participate in the rapidly expanding move of China's burgeoning middle class into financial services. The explosive growth of stock trading is expected to continue, while the insurance sector, in which GFH has a number of key commercial relationships, is developing apace as consumers accelerate their shift towards transacting via online platforms."David Lucatz added:"This transaction is expected to enable the Company to accelerate its strategy to become a global player in fintech. We believe that our enlarged resources and team have the experience, relationships and potential pipeline of deals to provide MICT with opportunities to significantly increase its earnings, and it is contemplated that further acquisitions will follow. The board of MICT is excited to begin this new chapter and we view the prospects for the Company and its shareholders, existing and new, with considerable confidence."About MICT, Inc.MICT, Inc. (NasdaqCM: MICT) operates through Micronet Ltd. ("Micronet"), a former subsidiary, in which the Company previously held a majority ownership interest that has since been diluted to a minority ownership interest. Micronet operates in the growing commercial Mobile Resource Management (MRM) market, mainly in the United States. Micronet designs, develops, manufactures and sells rugged mobile computing devices that provide fleet operators and field workforces with computing solutions in challenging work environments.Through its acquisition of GFH, the Company is pursuing a strategy to provide a fintech trading platform that represents a 'one-stop-shop' full-service solution to B2C and B2B customers in China and several other key markets in the world. The core platform utilizes proprietary technology to deliver an intuitive and innovative user-experience, which can be white-labeled by strategic partners and also interface with other platforms already used by those businesses.Forward Looking StatementsNote: This press release may contain forward-looking statements that are being made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information so long as those statements are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the statement. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those described or implied in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, general economic and business conditions; competition in the accessories markets, potential changes in customer spending; acceptance of product offerings and designs; the variability of consumer spending resulting from changes in domestic economic activity; any significant variations between actual amounts and the amounts estimated for those matters identified as critical accounting estimates, as well as other significant accounting estimates made in the preparation of financial statements; as well as geopolitical concerns. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. You are urged to consider all such factors. Any forward-looking statements relating to the transaction discussed above are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including the many variables that may impact or are related to consummation of the transaction, SEC regulatory review of our filings related to the transaction and the continuing determination of MICT's board of directors that the transaction is in the best interests of all stockholders. MICT and GFH assume no obligation for updating any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting such forward-looking statements. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mict-enters-fintech-market-with-acquisition-of-global-fintech-holdings-for-26-million-and-raises-up-to-15-million-301040917.htmlSOURCE MICT, Inc.CONTACT: MICT, Inc., info@mict-inc.com, +1 (201) 225-0190Load-Date: April 15, 2020End of Document

Hackers Have Been Waiting for an Opportunity Like CoronavirusGovernment TechnologyMarch 20, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Distributed by Tribune Content AgencySection: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWSLength: 1202 wordsByline: Lucas Ropek, Government TechnologyBodyMarch 20--     Mar. 20--As the novel coronavirus continues to panic people and markets and send governments into emergency response mode, hackers and foreign adversaries are capitalizing on the chaos to extort money and political gain.Attacks on government at the federal, state and local levels have come over the past two weeks --including a ransomware attack on a Illinois public health agency and what was likely a state-sponsored DDOS attack on the U.S. Health and Human Services department (HHS), the main federal agency responding to the outbreak.This is likely just the beginning of an uptick in such cyberattacks, as hackers look to exploit both public anxiety and disoriented bureaucracies to gain access into systems and networks.POTENTIAL RISE IN RANSOMWAREIn recent weeks, reports have shown that many ransomware hackers are taking advantage of public fears surrounding COVID-19, largely by using phishing emails disguised as informational PSAs or updates from health organizations like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) or World Health Organization (WHO). Other strategies are even more devious: fake coronavirus tracking apps or informational websites that are really just malware-ridden traps set for unsuspecting users.At the same time that lures are being tailored to the ongoing crisis, ransomware targeting of vulnerable companies and government agencies are likely to rise. As organizations roll out make-shift telecommuting arrangements to deal with social distancing, they put themselves in uniquely vulnerable positions. A number of governments, like state agencies in New Jersey and North Carolina, having recently reverted to work-from-home policies, and this trend -- which is almost certain to grow and bring with it elevated risks.As workers shift from professionally managed networks to home Wi-Fi setups, hackers will have expanded opportunities to ploy familiar tactics: the sudden flood of exclusively online interactions will enlarge the attack surface for social engineering efforts, and deployment of password stealing malware through malicious emails -- potentially dressed up like health advisories -- will be a means of infiltration.Brett Callow, a threat analyst with Emsisoft, said that a typical seasonal spike in ransomware attacks might be larger than usual this year as a result of the global pandemic."The number of successful attacks [typically] spikes in spring and summer and, this year, those spikes are likely to be exacerbated because hastily introduced work-from-home programs, key personnel being quarantined, etc., may result in security weaknesses," Callow said, speaking with Government Technology.At the same time, it is likely there will be an increase in the number of attacks on both health-care providers and health informational resources, since both will become high value targets amid the crisis. This is daunting, given the fact that some 764 health-care providers were hit with ransomware last year alone."The problem is exacerbated by the fact that the ransomware spikes may well coincide with the COVID-19 peak, creating a perfect storm," he said, referencing the predictions that the virus may peak during the mid-summer months, likely in July.OPPORTUNITIES FOR FOREIGN ADVERSARIESAs cybercriminals use the outbreak to advance their bottom line, nation state actors are also capitalizing on the crisis, using the chaos to conduct espionage, make intrusions or attack enemies. As an example, the incident at the HHS is believed to have been a state-backed attack, potentially stemming from Iran and designed to slow the U.S. response to the outbreak.James Yeager, public sector vice president at CrowdStrike, discussed with Government Technology how Chinese state-sponsored hacker groups, or advanced persistent threats (APTs), are taking advantage of many of the same social fears and anxieties surrounding the virus to advance their own interests."Nation state actors from China, who are primarily targeting government and political groups, have recently launched a remote access tool [RAT] that gains access to devices through a lure and decoy content campaign," said Yeager.An internal CrowdStrike memo shared with GT showed that this group -- known as APT 23, or "Pirate Panda" -- has been using a text file that displays "decoy content" designed to look exactly like the COVID-19-related daily reports from WHO. Once a user clicks on the file, however, it deploys the group's RAT, giving hackers access to a user's system and allowing for internal reconnaissance, data exfiltration or other espionage."Considering the public's concerns regarding the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, the creation of the exploit document was likely attempting to capitalize on the fear and monitoring of the virus outbreak," the memo reads.Yeager reiterated this: "The fear surrounding the rise of reported [COVID-19] cases is leading a lot of people to look to the WHO daily report, and so the Chinese have used this to their advantage to lure the consumer in and display this decoy content to distribute their remote access tool. This all conforms to the TTPs (tactics, techniques and practices) that we see and are known to see historically from this actor," he said.While evidence suggests the group is so far mostly using its RAT against political groups in Asia, similar techniques could easily be deployed using the same virus-based deceptions in the U.S.WHAT ORGANIZATIONS CAN DOYeager said there are a number of ways that newly remote workers can cut down on risk, including compartmentalizing responsibilities to make sure that only people who absolutely need access to certain data and files are the ones who get it. At the same time, organizations should invest in online monitoring, while also having incident response plans in place that can aid in the event of an attack, he said.Others organizations and officials have released their own recommendations for secure remote work, too. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) recently published a bulletin listing a number of suggestions for secure telework and remote access, while state governments like North Carolina have similarly issued their own policy guidelines for safe local government teleworking.U.S. Rep. John Katko, ranking member of the House cybersecurity sub-committee, recently published a "Cyber Guide" and other advice for teleworking, advising that organizations take basic steps like updating anti-virus software, following organization protocol and being vigilant against phishing emails.Much of these frameworks stress the same principles: the use of firewalls, VPNs, two factor authentification are all encouraged when possible; the development of over arching frameworks for telework; and educating staff about best practices in light of increased risks.Lucas Ropek is a staff writer for Government Technology. He has worked as a newspaper reporter and writer in Massachusetts and New York. He received his Bachelor's degree in English from Kenyon College in Ohio. He lives in Northern California.___ (c)2020 Government Technology Visit Government Technology at www.govtech.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.Load-Date: March 21, 2020End of Document

Kadant Declares Cash Dividend; Raises Quarterly Dividend to $0.24 per ShareGlobeNewswireMarch 3, 2020 Tuesday 1:20 PM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: DIVIDEND REPORTS AND ESTIMATESLength: 690 wordsBodyWESTFORD, Mass., March  03, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kadant Inc. (NYSE: KAI) announced today that its Board of Directors increased its quarterly cash dividend to stockholders to $0.24 per share to be paid on May 5, 2020 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 7, 2020. Future declarations of dividends are subject to Board approval and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change.Kadant Inc. is a global supplier of high-value, critical components and engineered systems used in process industries worldwide. Our products, technologies, and services play an integral role in enhancing process efficiency, optimizing energy utilization, and maximizing productivity in resource-intensive industries. Kadant is based in Westford, Massachusetts, with approximately 2,800 employees in 20 countries worldwide. For more information, visit www.kadant.com.The following constitutes a "Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including forward-looking statements about our business, financial performance and cash dividend program. These forward-looking statements represent our expectations as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in Kadant's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2019 and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include risks and uncertainties relating to adverse changes in global and local economic conditions; the variability and difficulty in accurately predicting revenues from large capital equipment and systems projects; our customers' ability to obtain financing for capital equipment projects; international sales and operations; health epidemics; changes to government regulations and policies around the world; policies of the Chinese government; the variability and uncertainties in sales of capital equipment in China; levels of residential construction activity; reductions by our wood processing customers of their capital spending or production of oriented strand board; changes to the global timber supply; cyclical economic conditions affecting the global mining industry; development and use of digital media; currency fluctuations; demand for coal, including economic and environmental risks associated with coal; price increases or shortages of raw materials; dependence on certain suppliers; our acquisition strategy; failure of our information systems or breaches of data security and cybertheft; compliance with government regulations and policies and compliance with laws; implementation of our internal growth strategy; competition; soundness of suppliers and customers; changes in our tax provision or exposure to additional tax liabilities; our ability to successfully manage our manufacturing operations; disruption in production; future restructurings; economic conditions and regulatory changes caused by the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union; our debt obligations; restrictions in our credit agreement and note purchase agreement; substitution of an alternative index for LIBOR; loss of key personnel and effective succession planning; protection of intellectual property; fluctuations in our share price; soundness of financial institutions; environmental laws and regulations; climate change; environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; adequacy of our insurance coverage; anti-takeover provisions; and reliance on third-party research.ContactsInvestor Contact Information:Michael McKenney, 978-776-2000mike.mckenney@kadant.comorMedia Contact Information:Wes Martz, 269-278-1715wes.martz@kadant.com Load-Date: March 3, 2020End of Document

Rep. Stewart Selected as a Member of the China Task ForceTargeted News ServiceMay 8, 2020 Friday 7:40 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 454 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Chris Stewart, R-Utah, issued the following news release:Congressman Chris Stewart (UT-02) was selected by Leader Kevin McCarthy (CA-23) to join the China Task Force. This committee was created to address the Chinese cross-jurisdictional threat by bringing together key members from the most relevant committees. China has been a geopolitical threat well before the coronavirus. The past few weeks have only increased the urgency to address the existing and emerging threats head-on.Following the announcement, both Rep. Stewart and Leader McCarthy issued the following statements:"We are witnessing a generational geopolitical realignment as the world begins to recognize the true intent of Chinese leadership's capabilities and ambitions. I look forward to serving on this important committee and developing a plan to ensure our future economic and national security." - Rep. Chris Stewart"As someone who earned the accolades of a distinguished Air Force Pilot and possesses firsthand entrepreneurial experience, Chris was a natural choice to serve on this task force. His knowledge and expertise will prove invaluable as we work together to tackle the national security challenges of the 21st century. Chris's work on our most important committees will allow us to work across jurisdictions and ensure our results are far-reaching and impactful." -- Leader Kevin McCarthyMore about the China Task Force:The task force will decide which issues to focus on including possibly:* Influence operations targeting U.S. and foreign governments and civil society, including think tanks, higher education, business, and media outlets.* Export control regimes and foreign investment screening mechanisms in the United States, and efforts to coordinate and harmonize these regimes with partners.* Chinese efforts to attain leadership positions and change norms at international organizations and standard-setting bodies.* Chinese economic coercion of governments and businesses in the United States and partner countries, including through the monopolization of critical supply chains.* China's role in the origin and spread of COVID-19.* China's use of US institutions to educate and train its citizens who then use their training to damage the national security of the United States.* Chinese efforts to gain the technological advantage (in areas including 5G, AI, quantum computing, and other emerging technologies that may or may not have military applications).The task force will meet regularly to receive briefings from experts and discuss appropriate recommendations. The end product will be a comprehensive report with legislative recommendations due by October 30.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7107323 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: May 8, 2020End of Document

STEWART SELECTED AS A MEMBER OF THE CHINA TASK FORCEStates News ServiceMay 7, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 446 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of Utah Rep. Chris Stewart:Today, Congressman Chris Stewart (UT-02) was selected by Leader Kevin McCarthy (CA-23) to join the China Task Force. This committee was created to address the Chinese cross-jurisdictional threat by bringing together key members from the most relevant committees. China has been a geopolitical threat well before the coronavirus. The past few weeks have only increased the urgency to address the existing and emerging threats head-on.Following the announcement, both Rep. Stewart and Leader McCarthy issued the following statements:"We are witnessing a generational geopolitical realignment as the world begins to recognize the true intent of Chinese leadership's capabilities and ambitions. I look forward to serving on this important committee and developing a plan to ensure our future economic and national security." Rep. Chris Stewart"As someone who earned the accolades of a distinguished Air Force Pilot and possesses firsthand entrepreneurial experience, Chris was a natural choice to serve on this task force. His knowledge and expertise will prove invaluable as we work together to tackle the national security challenges of the 21st century. Chris's work on our most important committees will allow us to work across jurisdictions and ensure our results are far-reaching and impactful." Leader Kevin McCarthyMore about the China Task Force:The task force will decide which issues to focus on including possibly:Influence operations targeting U.S. and foreign governments and civil society, including think tanks, higher education, business, and media outlets.Export control regimes and foreign investment screening mechanisms in the United States, and efforts to coordinate and harmonize these regimes with partners.Chinese efforts to attain leadership positions and change norms at international organizations and standard-setting bodies.Chinese economic coercion of governments and businesses in the United States and partner countries, including through the monopolization of critical supply chains.China's role in the origin and spread of COVID-19.China's use of US institutions to educate and train its citizens who then use their training to damage the national security of the United States.Chinese efforts to gain the technological advantage (in areas including 5G, AI, quantum computing, and other emerging technologies that may or may not have military applications).The task force will meet regularly to receive briefings from experts and discuss appropriate recommendations. The end product will be a comprehensive report with legislative recommendations due by October 30.Load-Date: May 7, 2020End of Document

Ambow Education Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial ResultsPR NewswireApril 22, 2020 Wednesday 4:35 PM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1394 wordsDateline: BEIJING, April 22, 2020 BodyPR NewswireAmbow Education Holding Ltd. ("Ambow" or the "Company") (NYSE American: AMBO), a leading national provider of educational and career enhancement services in China, today announced its audited financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2019."We are pleased to conclude fiscal year 2019 with solid fourth quarter results," said Dr. Jin Huang, Ambow's President and Chief Executive Officer. "Throughout the year, we continued our efforts and investment in new technology advancement and innovative education service offerings to strengthen our leadership in the career enhancement services market and further develop our cross-border education service platform. Looking ahead, by continuing to build and integrate our robust portfolio of international assets and partnerships, we believe we are well positioned to capture the opportunities in the underserved cross-border career education market between the U.S. and China.""We are closely monitoring the evolving situation brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, and have taken numerous safeguarding measures to protect our employees and support the communities in which we operate. Notably, we have rolled out new initiatives to support the Chinese government's plan of moving classroom school learning online during this period of prolonged school closures. Leveraging our expertise in online education, strong technology capabilities, and best-of-breed educational content, we promptly launched a series of online class programs, including our VIP classes focused on Big Data and Internet of Things ("IoT") taught by leading professionals from around the world. We have also added new career planning classes to enhance the competitive skills and knowledge that will be required by students in the more challenging job market emerging from the global business downturn. These initiatives underline our mission, which is to address critical demands in the education market and bridge the gaps between higher education and the career aspirations of students," concluded Dr. Huang.Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial HighlightsNet revenues for the fourth quarter of 2019 increased by 1.2% to US$24.9 million from US$24.6 million in the same period of 2018. This increase was mainly driven by higher student enrollment. Gross profit for the fourth quarter of 2019 decreased by 3.6% to US$8.0 million from US$8.3 million in the same period of 2018. Gross profit margin was 32.1%, compared with 33.7% for the fourth quarter of 2018. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2019 increased by 47.8% to US$10.2 million from US$6.9 million for the same period of 2018. The increase of operating expenses was primarily due to a one-time bad debt expense recovery and reversal of US$2.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders in the fourth quarter of 2019 was US$1.7 million, or US$0.04 per basic and diluted share, compared with a net income of US$4.5 million, or US$0.10 per basic and diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2018. As of December 31, 2019, Ambow maintained strong cash resources of US$35.3 million, comprised of cash and cash equivalents of US$22.6 million and short-term investments of US$12.7 million. As of December 31, 2019, the Company's deferred revenue balance was US$23.7 million, representing a 30.9% increase from US$18.1 million as of December 31, 2018, mainly attributable to the tuition and fees collected in the K-12 segment for the 2019-2020 academic year and tuition collected from our education service platforms.Fiscal Year 2019 Financial HighlightsNet revenues for fiscal year 2019 increased by 8.5% to US$83.9 million from US$77.3 million in 2018. This increase was mainly driven by higher student enrollment. Gross profit for the fiscal year 2019 decreased by 0.4% to US$28.0 million from US$28.1 million in 2018. Gross profit margin was 33.4%, compared with 36.4% in 2018. The decrease in gross profit margin was primarily due to additional investments in new programs and new technology deployment. Operating expenses for the fiscal year 2019 increased by 62.2% to US$42.0 million from US$25.9 million in 2018. The increase of operating expenses was primarily due to more marketing activities to promote student enrollment, additional investments in new programs and new technology deployment, increase in staff compensation and an impairment loss of goodwill and intangible assets of US$5.6 million recorded in 2019, and a one-time bad debt expense recovery and reversal of US$2.9 million in 2018. Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders for the fiscal year 2019 was US$14.4 million, or US$0.33 per basic and diluted share, compared with a net income of US$6.5 million, or US$0.16 per basic and diluted share, in 2018.The Company's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 financial and operating results can also be found on its Form 6-K and Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov.Exchange Rate InformationThis announcement contains translations of certain RMB amounts into U.S. dollars at a specified rate solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise noted, all amounts translated from RMB to U.S. dollars for the fourth quarter and the twelve months of 2019 are based on the effective exchange rate of 6.9618 as of December 31, 2019; all amounts translated from RMB to U.S. dollars for the fourth quarter and the twelve months of 2018 are based on the effective exchange rate of 6.8755 as of December 31, 2018. The exchange rates were according to the middle rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board.About Ambow Education Holding Ltd.Ambow Education Holding Ltd. is a leading national provider of educational and career enhancement services in China, offering high-quality, individualized services and products. With its extensive network of regional service hubs complemented by a dynamic proprietary learning platform and distributors, Ambow provides its services and products to students in 30 out of the 31 provinces and autonomous regions within China.Follow us on Twitter:@Ambow_EducationSafe Harbor StatementThis announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements.  Among other things, the outlook and quotations from management in this announcement, as well as Ambow's strategic and operational plans, contain forward-looking statements. Ambow may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its reports filed or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in its annual reports to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the following: the Company's goals and strategies, expansion plans, the expected growth of the content and application delivery services market, the Company's expectations regarding keeping and strengthening its relationships with its customers, and the general economic and business conditions in the regions where the Company provides its solutions and services. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in this press release is as of the date of this press release, and Ambow undertakes no duty to update such information, except as required under applicable law.For investor and media inquiries please contact:Ambow Education Holding Ltd.Tel: +86-10-6206-8000The Piacente Group | Investor RelationsTel: +1-212-481-2050 or +86-10-6508-0677E-mail:ambow@tpg-ir.com  View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ambow-education-announces-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-2019-financial-results-301045401.htmlSOURCE Ambow Education Holding Ltd.Load-Date: April 22, 2020End of Document

TRANSCRIPT: MAYOR DE BLASIO APPEARS LIVE ON THE BRIAN LEHRER SHOW - 27 MAR 2020States News ServiceMarch 27, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 6032 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: NEW YORK, NY BodyThe following information was released by the office of the Mayor of New York:Brian Lehrer: Its the Brian Lehrer show on WNYC. Good morning everyone and we'll begin as we usually do on Fridays with our weekly Ask the Mayor segment in just a minute. But there's one thing I want to do first today and that is to pay tribute to the New York City nurse who is now reported to be the first nurse to die from coronavirus. According to the New York Times, he is Kious Kelly, a 48-year-old assistant nurse manager at Mount Sinai West in Manhattan. His sister is quoted in the Times saying he had asthma, that would be irrelevant underlying condition, but he was working according to the Times sometimes without protective equipment. It says colleagues complained on social media that they did not have enough protective clothing or masks. Kellys sister says his death could have been prevented. So, we pay tribute to, as far as we know, the first nurse on the front lines to die of coronavirus in New York and we say out loud the issues raised by his death.And with that we begin as we usually do on Fridays with our weekly Ask the Mayor segment -my questions and yours for Mayor Bill de Blasio at 2-1-2-4-3-3-WNYC, as our lines are open, 2-1-2-4-3-3-9-6-9-2, or you can tweet a question, just use the hashtag #AskTheMayor. Now callers, one word. We only have one-person screening calls today. We usually have two or three in normal times, but we're trying to have as few people as possible go into the studios. So please understand if the screener is moving fast to let you go after a segment ends or if we can't take your call within a segment, they're not being rude. It's the circumstance. There's a lot for one screener to do just to get enough calls ready to go on. So, thanks very much in advance for understanding. And good morning, Mr. Mayor. Welcome back to WNYC.Mayor Bill de Blasio: Brian, I want to thank you for paying tribute to the nurse we've lost because the healthcare workers are really going through such a tough time now. And weve got to make sure, and I'm saying this to all the people who run hospitals and everyone who's in the middle of this fight, we've got to make sure that the supplies we have get to the front-line workers. We do have supplies in this city. They don't have endless, you know, we can get through this weekend and next week, but we have supplies - got to make sure to get to the people doing the work, we have to protect them. So, it's very, very painful we've lost someone and we got to make sure that everyone is protected.Lehrer: Absolutely. I saw this stat tweeted by a Washington Post reporter, tell me if you can confirm this, that on Wednesday, in the city, there were 6,406 medical 9-1-1 calls - 6,406 in one day. And yes, that breaks the city record, which was set on September 11th, 2001. Is that where we are now?Mayor: Look, I know we've had a lot more volume. I cannot confirm that specific number. We can get that to you today. But what really matters is understanding there's a huge strain on our healthcare system and everything else that goes with it. Obviously our EMTs and the ambulances, our first responders in general, theres going to be a huge challenge and, you know, my job I think Brian, is to, you know, simultaneously remind people we will get through, because we will, you know, it'll be a rough, rough few months and then we're going to start to get better. But it's also to be honest that it's not going to be done. You know, we'd all like it to go away instantly. That's not going to happen. April is going to be really tough. I think May's going to be really tough and we desperately need help from outside to get through these next two months.Lehrer: And there's been so much attention on Elmhurst Hospital in Queens with that big Times article on the many deaths in one day and Queens in general is having the most cases. Why Queens? Why Elmhurst hospital?Mayor: Well, I think one of the most important things, most people wouldn't think this way about it but is just where hospitals are and Queens, you know, has the two big public hospitals, but you know, it's also a borough of 2.3 million people. So, to some extent this is a lot of people going to a few public hospitals sort of disproportionate to what you might see in other boroughs. That's definitely part of it. You know, we're trying to always understand what's going on with this disease. We've never confronted it before. It is clearly widespread over all five boroughs. The differences are not that intense from borough to borough really when you come down to it though, it's something we're facing everywhere, but it does not belittle what people are going through in Queens has obviously been really tough at particularly at Elmhurst Hospital.But I do think part of it is a very big community goes to Elmhurst specifically. Whereas in say, Manhattan or Brooklyn, people choose between more hospitals. The folks at Elmhurst are doing an amazing job. They're going through a really tough time, but it is an extraordinary hospital and it's a very, very strong hospital, very capable staff. We've been sending in constantly more and more four times in the last 10 days, we've sent more ventilators. We sent 40 over yesterday. We sent 56 additional staff over yesterday. We're going to keep doing that to help them through, but it's really tough. And we got to get some of these healthcare workers a break. They have been going to crazy hours. They're seeing a lot of death. Let's be blunt. I mean, you know, we're seeing - every healthcare worker has to deal with death sometimes, but these poor folks have been seeing a lot in a very concentrated period of time. We got to give them a break and get some other folks over to, you know, spell them and give them a chance to recover from what they've gone through.Lehrer: And we had a doctor write-in yesterday, I used this on the air yesterday, but I'm going to use it again today. He's in Massachusetts, but says in general in the hard-hit states, poor facilities that couldn't afford to stockpile personal protective equipment are experiencing severe shortages, while the workers at richer hospitals are better protected socioeconomic divide he writes, doctors taking care of the poor being sacrificed. Can you say that that inequity is, or is not the case at Elmhurst or other city hospitals here?Mayor: No, it's not the case in the city hospitals. I really feel strong. I've had this conversation with the CEO of our public hospitals, Dr. Mitch Katz and constantly, and the I mean the example that 40 ventilators went yesterday to Elmhurst is one of many that, you know, they will get what they need and we got to make sure, obviously that everyone in the management of every hospital, public and private gets everything that's been distributed to them, to the healthcare workers who need it. And that, you know, making sure that once it comes in the building, it gets to who needs it. And then it's constantly resupplied. But we do have enough supplies in the city this week and to get into next week after that, it gets really tough and I'm very, very worried, but I know we have them now. We got to make sure that fairness of that distribution happened the way it's supposed to happen, keeps going on. But no, I can say for a fact whenever our public hospitals have needed something, you know, that it goes from the warehouse to them. I've been seeing it with my own eyes.Lehrer: And I want to ask you before we go to the phones about the central issue of ventilators that we and you have been talking about every day, whether there will be enough for all the people whose lives could be saved by them in the hospitals. And I want to play soundbite from key member of the president's team that seems to take issue with the existence or extent of the potential shortage. Here is the president's top public health professional. Dr. Deborah Birx, who I gather is considered not a hack, but a real public health official with decades in global HIV leadership and appointed to her job by President Obama originally. Here's Dr. Birx at yesterday's White House briefing.Dr. Deborah Birx: Certainly many hospitals talk about this on a daily basis, but to say that to the American people, to make the implication that when they need a hospital bed, it's not going to be there or when they need that ventilator, it's not going to be there. We don't have an evidence of that right now and it's our job collectively to assure the American people - it's our collective job to make sure that doesn't happen. Right now, you can see these state, these cases are concentrated in highly urban areas. There are other parts of the states that have lots of ventilators and other parts of New York State that don't have any infections right now. So, we can be creative, we can meet the need by being responsive.Lehrer: Do you have a response to that?Mayor: Look. Dr. Birx, who I've spoken to, I want to say in general we obviously need her as one of the leaders of this fight. And Dr. Fauci, you know, who is a New Yorker who is doing amazing work. I appreciate their overall effort. I think the way she's saying it is not entirely fair. And I'll tell you why. It's one thing to say, Hey, if within a single state someplace needs a lot of ventilators, other place doesn't need many ventilators, shift them around. Okay, that's fair. But the problem is her assessment misses the shocking growth pattern that, you know, we've seen it in the city obviously where you know, somewhere between a quarter and a third of all the cases in the nation right now. But if you look in the suburbs and then that first horrible shock had in Westchester County, there's a lot of cases in Westchester, Nassau and Suffolk right now. And this is just the beginning. So I don't know how she says, you know, there's not evidence, there's tons of it, look, it's not just Elmhurst, it's happening at a number of hospitals in this city that the, the number of cases is shooting upward and that means a huge pressure not on the medical, only on the medical staff, on the need for ventilators. So I think maybe what she said it might be true for some places, it sure as hell is not the whole truth here.Lehrer: And as you urge the president to invoke the Defense Production Act to order companies to produce ventilators and personal protective equipment like masks, so we get more, faster, the president yesterday said this:President Donald Trump: For the most part, the companies, we don't need it. We say we need this and they say, don't bother. We're going to do it. I mean we were dealing with Ford, General Motors, 3M, were dealing with great companies. They want to do this, they want to do this. They're doing things that frankly, they don't need somebody to walk over there with a hammer and say, do it. They are getting it done.Lehrer: Can you react to that idea that the private sector is doing it voluntarily?Mayor: Look, I've had this conversation with the president directly and I can at least understand I'm going to be respectful because we need him to actually produce for New York City right now. So, I'll be respectful. But I also want to say that I understand some of this is just plain philosophical, ideological, you know, he believes the private sector is the solution to everything. I believe right now the private sector can play a crucial role and a lot of companies are stepping up, but they are not stepping up to the degree we need them to in many cases. Nor is it coordinated to ensure that what needs to be produced is produced on the most aggressive schedule and then distributed where it has to be. Nor is the military has the military been brought in in the ways they need to be to pretty sure that those key supplies and equipment get where they need to get in the nation as quickly as humanly possible. The only force that can do that is the military. And we also need their medical personnel that they have a huge number of. There's something broken here because the country is really not being organized to fight this war. I mean, that's just the truth. You can't say, hey, that's a great company and they're producing a lot of stuff and think that's the end of discussion. Is the stuff getting where it needs to be and you know, is it being produced at the highest possible level? What happens when that supply runs out? Those are the basic questions you would ask in a war and we're not they're just not being asked now. That's just the fundamental truth.Lehrer: All right. The first caller I want to take from you is Andy in Upper Manhattan and I think based on something I read just before you came on that you might have some good news for him. Andy in Upper Manhattan, you're on WNYC with Mayor de Blasio. Good morning.Question: Good morning Brian, good morning, Mr. Mayor, how are you doing?Mayor: Good, Andy, how do you feel?Question: I'm good, thank you. I'm in good shape. I'm in my forties, I'm not so afraid of getting sick. I'm trying to be safe and not doing anything stupid, but I live with my mother-in-law and I have a very young child and I'm much more worried about them. Why, if this is such a real emergency, am I going to work every day without protective equipment on luxury high rises? I havent seen my boss in three weeks, we're sharing a port-a-potty. We're crammed into the man lift. We're given no protective equipment and I'm afraid I'm going to get sick and bring it home.Lehrer: You're a construction worker building luxury buildings. Is that it?Question: Yeah. Yeah, I thought you'd just say [inaudible]Lehrer: Mr. Mayor, I think we haveQuestion: I like what I do and I get paid well but we are not essential workers.Mayor: Right Andy, I agree with you. And the news that Brian was referring to. So, we've been talking to Governor's team, my team about how to address this issue. I think you're exactly right. And the Governor just announced based on what was absolute agreement between New York City in New York State, that non-essential construction will end, anything that is not directly part of the essential work of fighting coronavirus and the essential work of keeping the city running and the state running, any construction that's not about the public good is going to end. So, luxury condos will not be built until this is over, you know, office buildings are not going to be built so that work's going to end immediately. We need to protect people. I think you're right. This was one of the pieces that wasn't being addressed and you know, in the rush of things, you understand some things get missed in the first instance, but thank you for sounding alarm. Other people have too, and as of this morning that non-essential construction is being canceled.Lehrer: What took so long on this one? People have been calling us for over a week, Jumaane Williams was on I think Thursday last week saying this was outrageous as other things were being shut down. What took so long on this one?Mayor: Well, Brian, I want to be fair. And I know the Governor and his team were dealing with the same challenge. You know, a week ago it was not at all clear the stimulus bill was going to happen. In fact, you'll remember it sort of seemed to be coming together and then fell apart many times. And I think we're all grappling with, all of us in public service are grappling with the fact that people are just losing their [inaudible] deeply that there's fundamental problems like affording food, affording medicine. You know, it's we're trying to deal with this immediate crisis, but if people are getting impoverished, there's another crisis that gets created.So, I think there was a real hesitation to take away work that might still be allowable because it was outdoor work, which is just fundamentally different in terms of this disease and how it functions than indoor. But now that the stimulus is there, to me, certainly that was a real part of feeling better about canceling all of this non-essential construction, knowing that people at least would have some kind of support and obviously we have to take every step for safety. So, I think there was a legitimate because it was outdoors, because it wasn't clear if people are going to get any kind of real safety net from the federal government. There was hesitation. But now it's absolutely time to do it.Lehrer: [Inaudible] in Harlem. You're on WNYC with the Mayor. Hello, [inaudible].Question: Hello Brian. Thank you for taking my call. Mr. Mayor, I wonder if there's any plans to issue tickets to people who are congregating in the parks? You know, too close to each other. There's no social distancing. I live right across the street from St. Nicholas Park and there were about 15 or 20 people there yesterday, so I called the 26th Precinct and the officer desk said he couldn't do anything.Mayor: Well [inaudible], I'm really sorry you had that experience and I'm going to talk to the Police Commissioner to make sure that the commanding officer at the 26th Precinct understands that all the men and women under his command can never say they can't do anything, or, you know, the NYPD is supposed to serve people in the city in every situation. And I need you to give your information to WNYC so we can follow up about exactly who you talked to, so we can fix that situation. I want people to call 3-1-1, not their precinct. So, this is what I want to say to all New Yorkers, call 3-1-1 if you see people hanging out in the park, congregating, call 3-1-1. If you see a grocery store that's too full, if you see a line outside of pharmacy that people are like a normal line instead of everyone's six feet apart from each other, call 3-1-1 that will lead to NYPD being alerted or Parks Department or Fire Department, whoever's got people nearest to come over and break it up.To your question about summonses, look, the right now we're not doing summonses. We're trying to educate and warn and break things up and move people along and get them used to a new reality. If we have to get a lot tougher in terms of penalties, we can do that, but the goal right now is to try to get people to understand how serious this is and show them consistent enforcement. I do think people are learning more every day. The thing's getting tougher and tougher. They're getting educated constantly by the media, but you know, the next step of course would be to up the ante and bring penalties into play if we have to do that and that may just be days away if we don't see people handle it better.Lehrer: And I've seen myself and heard complaints from others about people outside seemingly oblivious to the courtesy of six feet as they pass on the street. I've also seen some complaints online about runners who run closely past people assuming that the six feet doesn't matter or because they're moving by, but they're breathing relatively hard, presumably as they expend that energy. Part of Italy shutdown running and biking, could either of those things become necessary here?Mayor: Look, I think we've got to be I continue to believe and have this conversation all the time with our public health folks, that there is a balance that has to be struck. This is going to be I think April and May. All right now that's my best projection. I don't think it's realistic to say to 8.6 million people you can't get any exercise for two months. Weve got to think people's health overall, this is the coronavirus is a massive challenge, but you know, there's lots of other health challenges and telling people I can't get any exercise is actually going to be dangerous to a lot of people's health on many other levels. I do think you're right to say everyone's got to intensify their efforts to keep that distance. Now, I've been in many, many parts of the city the last few days that looked like a ghost town.So clearly it because of the, the rules that the State put together, which we agree with fully, theres a huge number of people home. You know, schools are shut down, all sorts of everything, entertainment, recreation is shut down. So I think it's fair to say in a lot of cities there's very, very little activity compared to what used to be and a lot of people observing the rules. There's definitely some people who need, you know, to be corrected and enforced, [inaudible] and educated. It's not the norm from what is seeing. The norm is people taking this very seriously.And I think, you know, the goal right now is just constantly remind people, if you go outside, its for as little time as you possibly can. Get to the grocery store, get to the pharmacy, if you need some exercise, go get it, but then go back home and, you know, everyone's got to be a part this is another case, Brian, the government cannot do this all alone. Under perfect conditions, the government could not do this all along. People have to be vocal. If someone's not keeping distance, you have first of all, create the distance yourself, but remind people and we've all got to have that conversation with each other. There has to be an element of personal responsibility for us to get through a crisis this big.Lehrer: Listener asks on Twitter, why are so few streets being closed? There are more street closers on a typical summer weekend for street fairs. And for the context for that, I see that you're closing four streets to cars for four days to cut down on density in parks. So why not more than that?Mayor: Because of the challenge during enforcement. If you shut down the streets, you know, the optimized view of this is how you shut down the streets and you know, people have a new place to go and they spread out and that's great, then that would be wonderful. But the flip of that is you create a new place for people to congregate, but it doesn't have enforcement unlike, you know, parks and defined areas where we know we have to enforce. So, what we've done working with the City Council is to find a small group of streets to begin, added enforcement to them, and remember, every time you have to go enforce something else, you're stretching your resources. And if it works well, we can keep adding to it. But what I would hate to see is we think we're solving a problem and we create a brand-new problem of a place for people to hang out that doesn't have a police officer or a parks officer or someone to keep people separated.Lehrer: Alice in Brooklyn. You're on WNYC with Mayor de Blasio. Hi Alice.Question: Yes. Hello. My name is Alice. I teach at an elite college in New York City and the lot of Chinese students there, and one of my Chinese students, her mother actually in China, owns a number of factories that produce masks and protective gear. And because her daughter lives in New York, she wants to donate tens of thousands of these things to us. But there are surprisingly a lot of hurdles, for instance, the problems between the Chinese and American governments and trade and all sorts of things. So, Im asking for your help to get these donations. She also knows other people in China who are producing the n95 masks that would be might very well be willing to sell them to New York at production costs, which is below wholesale cost. So really cheap.Lehrer: Mr. Mayor?Mayor: Thank you. Alice, will you please give your information at WNYC we're going to have our team follow up with you today. Yeah what this whole crisis has pointed out is that the American people are belatedly at the mercy of foreign producers when it comes to medical equipment and supplies. And this is a situation that has to be fixed going forward is not the last health challenge, global health challenge, we're going to see. It's really, really striking that globalization has created a new dependency that's very, very dangerous and we used to talk about energy independence, healthcare independence is actually crucially important. We're going to have to really rework this and rebuild an industry in this country that can produce these things just like these amazing workers, and it was out of nowhere at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. And Brian really want to urge your listeners to go to my Twitter feed @NYCMayor and see this video of these folks at the Brooklyn Navy Yard who created their own factory from scratch, hand producing face shields to protect healthcare workers and first responders. I mean literally made by hand, they're going to have a 120,000 ready by next week because there is no industry here doing that that we can get a supply enough from.But to Alice's point, we'll have someone follow up with her today. We are finding some foreign suppliers that we can get through that maze that Alice is describing and get some of that here, but the problem is unless it's someone donating like the person Alice is talking about, you know, we're being outbid by other places in the country to other places in the world, and then we up our bids and get outbid again. It's become crazy. The private market is not functioning right now for all these supplies. That's part of why we needed the federal government so badly to step in. But we want whatever Alice's friend has, we want to get that here as quickly as possible. Our team will work on that today.Lehrer: Alice, hang on, we'll take your contact information. We did have success the other day, Mr. Mayor, when somebody like Alice called in and said his father had four ventilators and Brooklyn hospital got in touch with us just hearing that on the air and we heard that they did make an arrangement to transfer those four ventilators. So, listenersMayor: That makes a huge difference. Four ventilators, saves a lot of lives. That's really good news.Lehrer: Its four times how many however many people use them over time. I see that obviously the schools are closed, but you opened the places called Regional Enrichment Centers for children of essential workers, I see are now expanding eligibility to grocery store and pharmacy workers, kids as well as the already included health care workers, kids and others. How far should this go? Should postal workers and FedEx and UPS workers in the new delivery economy, their children be eligible, you know, with their parents essential, what should this include?Mayor: It's something we're looking at all the time and, you know, willing to expand when we can assure people that we will have, you know, a space for their child. I want to be careful about if we're going to make a promise we have to be able to keep it. So, right now, what we're finding is theres been a lot of interest but not a lot of kids actually showing up. And I think, you know, there's a lot going on here obviously and families are in flux and a lot of family members are home and I think what's happening is that because there's such a massive number of people home, it probably has changed the minds of some essential workers that they do have some other options for the kids, they might not have had even a week ago.But yeah, right now we're not seeing the take up on it that we would have expected. So, so long as we know we will have space, we are open to expanding further. I think we need to give it a few more days to really see what's going on before can make a decision. But postal workers are a great example.Lehrer: If kids aren't going, I wonder if it's maybe because the parents don't trust that the people running the centers can really keep the kids six feet apart. How much can you guarantee that they can?Mayor: Look, first of all, I think there's a lot of concern and fear and confusion out there. And the central question, I know it as a parent, the first question is always going to be, is your child safe? And then obviously parents want to make sure their child is doing something constructive. The folks running these centers are very devoted to making sure that they're handled safely. And in fact, because there's not a lot of kids in them right now, there's certainly plenty of room. I'm sure parents are worried about that. They're there for essential workers. So, here's what it comes down to so long as the essential worker, if they've got a better arrangement, that's fine. We just need to support them to make sure they can show up and doing the lifesaving work they're doing. If they don't have another arrangement, they can depend on these centers as a place where clearly social distancing is being practiced. There's a medical a school nurse there. It's obviously all about protecting the kids so the essential workers can get to work. And I think if there's anyone who needs that, if they need that for their child, call 3-1-1, well give you the right location. They can obviously come take a look for themselves to be satisfied. But the most important thing is protecting the kids and making sure that worker can get to work.Lehrer: You were talking even this week about the possibility of schools reopening this term. Officially, they're only closed through April 20th, as of now. Do you want to announce that they'll have to remain closed for the semester?Mayor: It's not time for that, Brian. I couldn't have been blunter I mean, you know, I hated closing the school. I thought, you know, it was going to cause all sorts of other problems, and of course it has. But I said, our first attempt will be April 20th, because, that's right, the Monday after the spring vacation that was already in place for the schools. Thats a real tough goal right now. But when we got closer is the right time to make that final decision.Lehrer: And the tension between the public health threat and the economic and family pain in other ways, you know, President Trump is getting a lot of flack now for wanting to try to reopen sooner than later, maybe in some low-virus counties. But as you just indicated, you were reluctant at first to cancel schools, and Broadway, and the St. Patrick's Day Parade because of the economic pain. Was that balance a learning curve for you?Mayor: I think the whole godforsaken experience has been a learning curve. None of us have ever been through anything like this. The only possible comparison is what the country went through in the Depression and World War II. And, you know, my parents happened to have gone through that. They had me late in life and, you know, I got a lot of lessons from them, but nothing I think could prepare any of us for the speed and this thing has been so fast, you know, from I mean, March 1st, I think it was, we had one case. You know, it's just breathtaking. So, what I think we're learning in real-time, and that's so it matters, because, right now, the only thing I'm thinking about is how do we get through this week? How do we get to the next week? After next week, I get very, very worried. But my focus is, literally, how do we get through the immediate challenge. And then, you know, when we get when we're sure this crisis is over, we all have to assess what it means for the future. But, right now, weve got to survive.Lehrer: Do you think reopening the economy in counties far from New York that aren't hard hit would be a threat to New York?Mayor: I don't think it's about a threat to New York. I think it's a threat to the people in those counties and it's a threat to their states. I think there is a, kind of, willful ignorance going on. You look at what has happened with this disease all over the world, it's pretty clear the way it spreads. If you start to open up new avenues for it to spread again because if you reopen the economy, what does that mean? People travel, you know, they go to meetings there's all the things that will just exacerbate the spread. So, you take a place that right now have much, thank God, and you then guarantee it will start to have its own epidemic. And most places don't have a lot of health care on top of that, you know, which means they'll be hit even harder.Lehrer: One more call before we run out of time. Alison, in Manhattan, you're on WNYC with the Mayor. Hello, Alison.Question: Hi. Oh my God, I'm a little nervous. First of all, I have to say, I can't imagine running this wonderful city of which I am a native in this time. And I think you're doing a great job. Excuse my trembling voice.Mayor: Thank you, Alison.Question: I also love how [inaudible] but the journalist yesterday, at your briefing, I think you're pragmatic, I think you're giving us the facts. I love how you have your little book next to you. I think you're fabulous. So, with that said, I'm a neighbor of yours, I'm on the Upper East Side. Co-op boards at least, mine and some others on Facebook pages seem to be, you know, putting down restrictions who can visit, who can come in and who cannot come in. What is their jurisdiction? I'm a little offended at some of the choices. Some people have to use the service-garbage elevator. I mean, it's kind of an age-old problem with some co-ops. I'm not a Park Avenue co-op, it shouldnt really matter where you areMayor: And, Alison, forgive me for jumping in, but our time is running so short. Let me get a response to you from the Mayor about the jurisdiction of co-op boards to restrict who comes in, professional services or even friends I've seen in some cases of residents.Mayor: Yeah, Alison. It's a really good question. And, Alison, thank you for your kind statement and I really appreciate that personally. And please give your information to WNYC, because we this as a good one. I'm going to actually get a bigger answer on this and tell the people of the city, because Alison asked the question, I'm sure lots of people are asking. So, I need to get a firm answer on the legal reality on how we avoid discrimination because I think Alison is pointing out that we cannot in this crisis allow people to fall back on the kind of discriminatory thoughts that often used to pervade who gets to use one elevator, who has to use another. We've got to be really smart and careful about that. But if Alison, give your information to WNYC, we'll follow up with you. And, Brian, I pledge, that I will get a bigger answer and give it to you and the people in the city.Lehrer: I know we're a couple of minutes over time. Can I sneak in one more from somebody who I think has a situation that deserves to be aired. Tracy, in Woodhaven. You're on WNYC with the Mayor. Hi, Tracy.Question: Hi. Good morning, Brian. Good morning, Mayor. I'm calling because I am a health care worker, but not one that is often mentioned. I work in a group home with developmentally disabled adults. I worked for an agency. And we're on the front lines and, like any other place, we are having so much trouble getting supplies, even things like toilet paper our vendors are out we can't get hand sanitizer, we can't get Lysol. How can this I mean, the economics of this is incredible, but is there a way that the City can help agencies like ours? Because again, you have eight people living in a house and one of them is now positive. How do you quarantine? People share bedrooms. I mean, it's really a concern.Lehrer: Mr. Mayor, how bout for these? And many of these are City-linked, as you know, the group homes for developmentally disabled adults.Mayor: Sure. Tracy, thank you. This is also a really important topic that we need to get clear answers and guidance out. Please give your information to WNYC and we can at least immediately get you some help. And we need to get a bigger answer, because I think what we're finding is whole crisis is, you know, we started, the State started with the big strokes and now, you know, we're starting to see all these things that have not yet been answered, not yet been accounted for and we have to catch up while trying to manage this crisis. So, I'm really glad you called because the last thing we want to do is forget these folks, you know, your residents who have so many challenges, but also the people doing the work like you who are doing really noble work, we have to support you and get you supplies as well. So, my folks at Department of Health will be following up and we'll make sure we get you some supplies. Please give your information to WNYC.Lehrer: Mr. Mayor, thanks as always. Hang in there. Talk to you next week.Mayor: Thank you. You too, Brian. Take care.Load-Date: March 28, 2020End of Document

BATTLING THE 'PANDEMIC OF MISINFORMATION'States News ServiceMay 8, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 1428 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: CAMBRIDGE, Mass BodyThe following information was released by the Harvard University Office of News and Public Affairs:Ubiquity of social media has made it easier to spread or even create COVID-19 falsehoods, making the work of public health officials harderBy Christina PazzaneseThis is part of our Coronavirus Update series in which Harvard specialists in epidemiology, infectious disease, economics, politics, and other disciplines offer insights into what the latest developments in the COVID-19 outbreak may bring.When a disease outbreak grabs the public's attention, formal recommendations from medical experts are often muffled by a barrage of half-baked advice, sketchy remedies, and misguided theories that circulate as anxious people rush to understand a new health risk.The current crisis is no exception. The sudden onset of a new, highly contagious coronavirus has unleashed what U.N. Secretary-General Antnio Guterres last week called a "pandemic of misinformation," a phenomenon that has not gone unnoticed as nearly two-thirds of Americans said they have seen news and information about the disease that seemed completely made up, according to a recent Pew Research Center study.What distinguishes the proliferation of bad information surrounding the current crisis, though, is social media. Kasisomayajula "Vish" Viswanath, Lee Kum Kee Professor of Health Communication at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, said the popularity and ubiquity of the various platforms means the public is no longer merely passively consuming inaccuracies and falsehoods. It's disseminating and even creating them, which is a "very different" dynamic than what took place during prior pandemics MERS and H1N1.The sheer volume of COVID-19 misinformation and disinformation online is "crowding out" the accurate public health guidance, "making our work a bit more difficult," he said."Misinformation could be an honest mistake or the intentions are not to blatantly mislead people," like advising others to eat garlic or gargle with salt water as protection against COVID-19, he said. Disinformation campaigns, usually propagated for political gain by state actors, party operatives, or activists, deliberately spread falsehoods or create fake content, like a video purporting to show the Chinese government executing residents in Wuhan with COVID-19 or "Plandemic," a film claiming the pandemic is a ruse to coerce mass vaccinations, which most major social media platforms recently banned.In order to be effective, especially during a crisis, public health communicators have to be seen as credible, transparent, and trustworthy. And there, officials are falling short, said Viswanath."People are hungry for information, hungry for certitude, and when there is a lack of consensus-oriented information and when everything is being contested in public, that creates confusion among people," he said."When the president says disinfectants ... or anti-malaria drugs are one way to treat COVID-19, and other people say, 'No, that's not the case,' the public is hard-pressed to start wondering, 'If the authorities cannot agree, cannot make up their minds, why should I trust anybody?'"Mainstream media coverage has added to the problem, analysts say. At many major news outlets, reporters and editors with no medical or public health training were reassigned to cover the unfolding pandemic and are scrambling to get up to speed with complex scientific terminology, methodologies, and research, and then identify, as well as vet, a roster of credible sources. Because many are not yet knowledgeable enough to report critically and authoritatively on the science, they can sometimes lean too heavily on traditional journalism values like balance, novelty, and conflict. In doing so, they lift up outlier and inaccurate counterarguments and hypotheses, unnecessarily muddying the water."That's a huge challenge," said Ashish Jha, K.T. Li Professor of Global Health and Director of the Harvard Global Health Institute, during an April 24 talk about COVID-19 misinformation hosted by the Technology and Social Change Research Project at the Shorenstein Center for Media, Politics and Public Policy."People are hungry for information, hungry for certitude, and when there is a lack of consensus-oriented information and when everything is being contested in public, that creates confusion among people.Kasisomayajula Viswanath"What I have found is a remarkable degree of consensus among people who understand the science of this disease around what the fundamental issues are and then disagreements about trade-offs and policies," said Jha, who is a frequent commentator on news programs. "The idea of covering the science in a two-sided way on areas where there really isn't any disagreement has struck me as very, very odd, and it keeps coming up over and over again."Then there is the problem of political bias. This has been especially true at right-leaning media outlets, which have largely repeated news angles and viewpoints promoted by the White House and the president on the progress of the pandemic and the efficacy of the administration's response, boosting unproven COVID-19 treatments and exaggerating the availability of testing and safety equipment and prospects for speedy vaccine development,.Tara Setmayer, a spring 2020 Resident Fellow at the Institute of Politics and former GOP communications director, said what's coming from Fox News and other pro-Trump media goes well beyond misinformation. Whether downplaying the views of government experts on COVID-19's lethality, blaming China or philanthropist Bill Gates for its spread, or cheering shutdown protests funded by Republican political groups, it's all part of "an active disinformation campaign," she said, aimed at deflecting the president's responsibility as he wages a reelection campaign.But turning around those who buy into false information is not as simple as piercing epistemic bubbles with facts, said Christopher Robichaud, senior lecturer in ethics and public policy at HKS who teaches the Gen Ed course "Ignorance, Lies, Hogwash and Humbug: The Value of Truth and Knowledge in Democracies."Over time, bubble dwellers can become cocooned in a media echo chamber that not only feeds faulty information to audiences, but anticipates criticisms in order to "prebut" potential counterarguments that audience members may encounter from outsiders, much the way cult leaders do."It's not enough to introduce new pieces of evidence. You have to break through their strategies to diminish that counterevidence, and that's a much harder thing to do than merely exposing people to different perspectives," he said.While Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube have all recently ramped up efforts to take down COVID-19 misinformation following public outcry, social media platforms "fall short" when it comes to curbing the flow, said Joan Donovan, who leads the Technology and Social Change Project at HKS.Since the national shift to remote work, many social media firms are relying more heavily on artificial intelligence to patrol misinformation on their platforms, instead of human moderators, who tend to be more effective, said Donovan. So many users suddenly searching and posting about one specific topic can "signal jam search algorithms, which cannot tell the difference usually between truth and lies."The public needs to more closely scrutinize and be "much more skeptical" about what they're reading and hearing, particularly online, and not try to keep up with the very latest COVID-19 research.Kasisomayajula ViswanathThese firms are reluctant to spark a regulatory backlash by policing their platforms too tightly and angering one or both political parties."So they are careful to take action on content that is deemed immediately harmful (like posts that say to drink chemicals), but are reticent to enforce moderation on calls for people to break the stay-at-home orders," said Donovan.Viswanath said public health officials cannot, and should not, chase down and debunk every bit of misinformation or conspiracy theory, lest the attention lends them some credence. The public needs to more closely scrutinize and be "much more skeptical" about what they're reading and hearing, particularly online, and not try to keep up with the very latest COVID-19 research. "You don't need to know everything," he said.Putting the onus entirely on the public, however, is "unfair and it won't work," said Viswanath. Institutions, like social media platforms, have to take more responsibility for what's out there.Load-Date: May 9, 2020End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 06:00 ETBriefing.comApril 13, 2020 Monday 6:05 AM ESTCopyright 2020 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 7542 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 13-Apr-20 06:00 ET06:03AZN AstraZeneca: Tagrisso Phase III ADAURA trial will be unblinded early after overwhelming efficacy in the adjuvant treatment of patients with EGFR-mutated lung cancer (44.66 )The ADAURA Phase III trial for Tagrisso (osimertinib) in the adjuvant treatment of patients with Stage IB, II and IIIA epidermal growth factor receptor-mutated (EGFRm) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with complete tumour resection will be unblinded early following a recommendation from an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) based on its determination of overwhelming efficacy.Co also announced that the FDA has approved the kinase inhibitor Koselugo (selumetinib) for the treatment of paediatric patients two years of age and older with neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) who have symptomatic, inoperable plexiform neurofibromas (PN).06:03WIRES On The WiresElbit Systems (ESLT) announced that it was awarded two contracts valued at a total of approximately $20 million from Latin American customers to upgrade the capabilities of their Hermes 900 Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Both contracts will be performed within a 12-month period.Phoenix Tree Holdings (DNK) announced its Model Room Center in Beijing has received the WELL Silver Certification for its healthy living environment from the International WELL Building Institute. Danke is the first co-living platform in the world to obtain the WELL certification for a co-living project.JinkoSolar Holding (JKS) announced two separate, significant developments in its defense against patent litigation initiated by Hanwha Q CELL. (1) U.S. International Trade Commission ALJ finds no infringement of Hanwha Q CELLS patent. (2) U.S Patent and Trademark Appeal Board institutes inter partes review of the patentability of Hanwha Q CELLS patent.06:03ESLT Elbit Systems provides COVID-19 update; some businesses have begun to experience disruptions (122.66 )Potential impact on financial results: Co's 2019 Year End Financial Results Press Release from March 25, 2020, indicated that the pandemic has not had a material impact on the Company. Subsequently some of the businesses have begun to experience disruptions. Co is monitoring these businesses closely and plan to update the market in due course. Co has initiated a series of cost control measures to help limit the financial impact on the Company.Liquidity: Elbit Systems has a healthy balance sheet, adequate levels of cash and access to credit facilities that provide liquidity when necessary. We have used part of our financial resources to fund our suppliers and build buffer stocks of inventory where required.06:02PATK Patrick Industries provides COVID-19 update (33.98 )The Company implemented cost containment and financial management measures prior to the initial suspension of certain operations including wage reductions for the entire Executive Management team and other salaried employees across the organization, furlough of certain team members at operations that have been shut down due to the stay at home orders, a reduction in quarterly fees paid to our Board of Directors, and a reduction in non-essential spending.06:02TPR Tapestry has extended store closures in North America and Europe for an additional two weeks (through April 24) (15.70 )As previously announced, employees at closed locations will continue to receive pay and benefits over this period. The Company will continue to reassess store closure decisions on a bi-weekly basis and will not reopen stores until safe to do so. Across all three brands, essentially all of the Company's stores in China have re-opened and results are slowly and steadily improving. Similarly in South Korea, all stores have resumed normal operating hours. Over the past weeks, as determined by local government guidelines and authorities, many other stores have been closed in the Asia Pacific region including all stores in Malaysia, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand and most recently in some prefectures in Japan.06:02SRE Sempra Energy receives all required governmental authorizations For $3.59 bln divestiture of Luz Del Sur In Peru (130.53 )Co also continues to move forward with the sale of its equity interests in its Chilean business, including its 100% interest in Chilquinta Energa S.A. and Tecnored S.A., to State Grid International Development Limited (SGID) for approximately $2.23 billion in total cash proceeds, subject to adjustments and satisfaction of closing conditions.In combination, Sempra Energy's planned sale of its South American businesses is expected to result in combined proceeds of approximately $5.82 billion in total cash proceeds, subject to adjustments and satisfaction of closing conditions.06:02AZRE Azure Power provides COVID-19 update (14.77 )As of April 10, 2020, our operating projects have not been materially impacted related to the COVID 19 outbreak. We remain comfortable with our revenue and operating megawatt guidance for fiscal years 2020 and 2021 that we provided on February 12, 2020. For fiscal year 2020, we expect revenues will be between INR 12,900 million - 13,000 million which is line with guidance of INR 12,770 -- 13,350 million and 1,808 MWs were operational, which is also in line with our guidance.06:02UMC United Micro reports March revenues +41% yr/yr to NT 14.6 bln (2.3 )06:02WIRES On The WiresHuami (HMI), announced a collaboration with China National Clinical Research Center of Respiratory Disease (NCRCRD) and Guangdong Nanshan Medical Innovation Institute, led by Dr. Nanshan Zhong, to establish a smart wearable joint laboratory. Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (ARWR) announced that it has filed an application for clearance to begin a Phase 1/2a clinical trial of ARO-ENaC, the company's investigational RNA interference (RNAi) therapeutic being developed as a treatment for patients with cystic fibrosis (CF), which is a rare disease caused by genetic mutations that lead to progressive deterioration in lung function due to poor clearance of mucus and associated recurrent infections. STERIS (STE) announces that the FDA has issued an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) for respirator decontamination. The EUA enables healthcare providers to decontaminate N95 Respirators on-site by utilizing certain STERIS V-PRO Low Temperature Sterilization Systems.Spirit Realty Capital (SRC) announces that the Company has closed on an incremental $100 million term loan under the accordion feature of its previously announced $200 million unsecured term loan facility. The additional $100 million term loan has a maturity date of April 2, 2022.MFA Financial (MFA) announces that it and its repurchase agreement counterparties holding a significant majority of its outstanding repurchase obligations entered into a Forbearance Agreement. On March 24, 2020, the Company had announced that due to the turmoil in the financial markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company was engaged in discussions with its financing counterparties regarding forbearance with respect to the Company's obligations under its repurchase agreement financing arrangements, which were approximately $9.5 billion as of March 20, 2020. BeiGene (BGNE) announces that its anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab has received approval from the China National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) as a treatment for patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) with PD-L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy.06:02AAPL Apple and Google (GOOG) partner on COVID-19 contact tracing technology (267.99 )Google and Apple are announcing a joint effort to enable the use of Bluetooth technology to help governments and health agencies reduce the spread of the virus, with user privacy and security central to the design.First, in May, both companies will release APIs that enable interoperability between Android and iOS devices using apps from public health authorities. These official apps will be available for users to download via their respective app stores.Second, in the coming months, Apple and Google will work to enable a broader Bluetooth-based contact tracing platform by building this functionality into the underlying platforms.06:02EPAM EPAM Systems sees Q1 revs above consensus; withdraws FY20 guidance due to COVID-19 (192.29 )Co issues upside guidance for Q1 (Mar), sees Q1 (Mar) revs of $649-653 mln vs. $640.57 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. In addition, the Company expects first quarter profitability to be consistent with or better than the outlook provided during its fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call on February 20, 2020. Due to heightened uncertainty related to the potential impacts of COVID--19 on the Company's second quarter and full year business results, EPAM is withdrawing its full year 2020 financial outlook.06:02TGI Triumph Group provides COVID-19 update (7.56 )Co provided an update on the current impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the business and the steps the Company is taking to mitigate it. To align capacity with short and medium-term customer demand, conserve cash and maintain long-term competitiveness, the following actions are underway: Given that Boeing (BA) has extended closure of its Washington state factories indefinitely, and closed its Charleston, South Carolina plant for 14 days, Triumph announced furloughs for approximately 2,300 employees across Triumph plants in the U.S. and Europe for two to four weeks to reduce capacity associated with Boeing Commercial Aircraft programs. These plants will remain operational and continue to support other customer demands. Triumph will provide one week of company pay and will cover the employee share of medical premiums during the furlough period. In addition to the previously announced 500-person reduction in force as part of its austerity measures, Triumph will eliminate approximately 200 full-time positions due to decreased demand. Triumph will pay severance to impacted employees consistent with existing policies. These reductions are expected to be completed by May 1, 2020. To reduce working capital requirements, the Company will also adjust its supply chain demand consistent with updated OEM production and aftermarket forecasts.06:02MD MEDNAX provides COVID-19 update (14.00 )Co has also implemented a number of actions to preserve its financial flexibility and partially mitigate the significant anticipated impact of COVID-19 on the Company. Steps taken to reduce expenditures include:Temporarily reduced executive and key management base salaries, including 50% reductions in salaries for the Company's most senior executive officers; MEDNAX's Board of Directors have agreed to forego their annual cash retainer and cash meeting payments, until further notice.06:02PRU Prudential to sell Prudential of Korea to KB Financial Group for $1.9 bln (58.70 )Under the terms of the agreement, Prudential Financial will sell 100% of its life insurance business in Korea for cash consideration of approximately 2.3 trillion Korean Won, or $1.9 billion.06:02ASX ASE Technology reports March +28.1% yr/yr to NT 37.9 bln (3.97 )06:01WIRES On The WiresPayPal Holdings (PYPL) is now providing access to small business loans through the U.S. Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program. This follows approval from the SBA for PayPal to participate in the program as one of the first non-bank institutions. On April 9, 2020, Overstock.com (OSTK), in connection with an equity offering program under which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of the Company's common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to $80 million (the "Offering"), the Company filed a prospectus supplement. In connection with the Offering, the Company entered into an amendment to its Capital on Demand Sales Agreement with JonesTrading Institutional Services as agent.Dr. Reddy's (RDY) received the Establishment Inspection Report from US FDA, for the Telangana, India facility, indicating closure of the audit and the inspection classification of this facility is determined as "Voluntary Action Indicated."Turkcell (TKC) releases presentation regarding the initial impacts of COVID-19 pandemic. Roaming income is at risk if situation extends beyond summer (rev share is <3%). Co has a robust balance sheet with strong liquidity: USD1.7Bn cash at hand (Dec-19). ProPetro Holding (PUMP) named Darin Holderness Chief Financial Officer, removing his previous interim title. Mr. Holderness will continue to serve as the Company's principal financial officer. Business First Bancshares (BFST) received regulatory approval from the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions to complete its previously announced merger with Pedestal Bancshares. The merger of Pedestal with and into Business First is expected to be completed on or about May 1, 2020.Groupon (GRPN) approved restructuring actions relating to the Company's previously announced planned exit of the Goods category and as part of cost cutting measures implemented in response to the impact of the novel coronavirus pandemic. Covid-19 has caused disruptions in the Company's day-to-day activities and impacted the ability of its staff to complete, within four business days, the procedures relating to the restructuring actions and disclosure thereof.Samsung Biologics and Vir Biotechnology (VIR) announced a manufacturing agreement under which Samsung Biologics will perform large scale manufacturing services for Vir's SARS-CoV-2 monoclonal antibody (mAb) program. Under the deal valued at approximately $362 million, Samsung Biologics is expected to commence its manufacturing as early as October with the first engineering run, with potential commercial batches to be manufactured starting in 2021 in Plant 3.Federal Trade Commission has closed its investigation into Johnson & Johnson's (JNJ) proposed acquisition of the fibrin sealant surgical patch TachoSil from Takeda Pharmaceutical Company.06:01COLB Columbia Banking announces that Aaron Deer has been appointed Columbia's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective on or before April 30, 202006:01SC Santander Consumer USA recently experienced a significant decline in origination of auto loans and leases (16.52 )Further, this significant decline in origination volume may adversely affect the co's ability to meet the key performance metrics under its agreement with FCA US, the U.S. subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCAU). This decline in volume may be exacerbated because FCA announced in March 2020 that it has suspended production of new vehicles at certain facilities across Europe and North America, which may reduce the availability of new vehicles for FCA dealers after dealerships re-open or consumer demand increases.06:01FOSL Fossil Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jeff Boyer has been appointed to the additional role of Chief Operating Officer (4.11 )Co established an Office of the Chairman to drive greater agility in responding to changing market conditions as well as develop Fossil Group's long-term strategic roadmap. The Company also announced that, effective immediately, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jeff Boyer has been appointed to the additional role of Chief Operating Officer and Greg McKelvey will expand his role as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer.06:01PLNT Planet Fitness determined it would implement a temporary furlough of all of its in-store staff at each of its corporate store locations (55.80 )The temporary furlough will not impact the Company's corporate store managers. For each furloughed employee who had previously elected to receive Company-sponsored benefits, the Company will continue to pay its portion of the benefits cost, and the employee portion of the benefits cost, as long as permitted by the Company's sponsored plans.06:01TSM Taiwan Semi reports March consolidated revs +21.5% sequentially and +42.4% yr/yr to NT$113.52 bln (48.33 )Revenues for January through March 2020 totaled NT$310.60 billion, an increase of 42.0 percent compared to the same period in 2019.06:01AAP Advance Auto withdraws guidance due to COVID-19 (106.86 )Given uncertainties related to the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including those related to a potential slowdown in economic activity, weaker demand, fewer miles driven, supply disruptions or constraints, and the spread of the pandemic and related governmental actions, the company is withdrawing the full year financial guidance it provided on February 18, 2020. Additionally, the company has suspended its share repurchase activity to further preserve cash. The company's first fiscal quarter comprises the sixteen weeks ending April 18, 2020. Quarter to date comparable store sales for the twelve weeks ended March 21, 2020 were down 3.2% compared to prior year, which was negatively impacted from COVID-19 by approximately 180 basis points during the last two weeks of that time frame. With shelter in place orders in effect across most of North America, the company's comparable store sales were down approximately 28% during both weeks-ended March 28, 20201 and April 4, 20201 compared to the same weeks in the prior year. COVID-19 has had a greater impact on the company's professional business than DIY omnichannel and has been particularly acute in major urban markets such as New York, Detroit and the San Francisco Bay Area.06:00USO OPEC+ agrees to cut production by 9.7 mb/d, starting on 1 May 2020, for an initial period of two months that concludes on 30 June 2020 (4.98 )"Adjust downwards their overall crude oil production by 9.7 mb/d, starting on 1 May 2020, for an initial period of two months that concludes on 30 June 2020. For the subsequent period of 6 months, from 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020, the total adjustment agreed will be 7.7 mb/d. It will be followed by a 5.8 mb/d adjustment for a period of 16 months, from 1 January 2021 to 30 April 2022. The baseline for the calculation of the adjustments is the oil production of October 2018, except for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and The Russian Federation, both with the same baseline level of 11.0 mb/d. The agreement will be valid until 30 April 2022, however, the extension of this agreement will be reviewed during December 2021."Release (potential related tickers: APA, CPE, CVX, XEC, CXO, DVN, EOG, XOM, NBL, OXY, OVV, PXD, TOT, BP, RIG, SU, USO, XLE)06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back on thin holiday tradeThe global equity markets are mostly lower with many of the major indices closed for public holiday. S&P futures down over 1% and hovering around the 2745 area. Although the overnight trading was relatively quiet, spoos saw more than a 100-point range with a high of 2819.50 and a low of 2718.25.In Asia, the major markets finished lower with China falling 0.5%, while Japan dropped 2.3%. China reported a 6-week high of new coronavirus cases and led to dampened sentiment in the Mainland. The Nikkei also saw steady declines after the yen rose against the dollar. This led to export stocks pacing the way lower with names such as Honda and Sony down 2-3%. Hong Kong was closed for public holiday.In Europe, the major bourses are closed for Easter Monday.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -34.010 yr Note: 0.734%USD/JPY: 107.99 -0.34EUR/USD: 1.0935 +0.0004Europe: FTSE CLOSED DAX CLOSED CAC CLOSEDAsia: Hang Seng CLOSED Shanghai -0.5% Nikkei -2.3%Gold (1741.10 -11.10) Silver (15.67 -0.39) Crude (22.70 -0.06)18:00WRAPX This week's biggest % gainers/losersThe following are this week's top percentage gainers and losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume)This week's top % gainers Healthcare: MNK (3.66 +115.29%), IMMU (19.64 +108.94%)Consumer Discretionary: EXPR (2.58 +95.45%), AGS (2.69 +86.81%), GCO (19.37 +86.25%)Financials: EFC (11.04 +183.08%), TRTX (6.55 +159.92%), LADR (8.14 +140.12%), IVR (4.42 +126.67%), MITT (3.44 +111.04%), GPMT (5.62 +110.49%), NYMT (2.24 +107.41%), TWO (4.91 +102.89%), ACRE (8.13 +94.03%), ABR (7.81 +92.36%)Energy: AR (1.47 +90.54%)This week's top % losers Healthcare: OMI (6.07 -10.47%), MRNA (31.86 -8.55%), DVAX (2.94 -7.26%), TDOC (146.66 -6.11%), GILD (73.51 -6.01%)Materials: SXC (3.06 -16.16%), SUZ (6.83 -7.45%)Information Technology: RNG (205.14 -8.32%), OSPN (15.59 -6.48%), EVBG (98.06 -6.14%)Financials: SQQQ (15.75 -26.61%), EHTH (115.01 -10.3%)Energy: BPT (4 -22.78%), HMLP (5.95 -11.33%), OAS (0.34 -8.82%), FLMN (2.42 -6.92%)Consumer Staples: SMPL (15.79 -15.88%), HAIN (25.4 -6.58%)17:19CLW Clearwater Paper appoints Michael J. Murphy as CFO, effective April 13 (21.01 +0.91)Mr. Murphy joins Clearwater Paper from NxEdge, where he served as CFO. Mr. Murphy succeeds Robert (Bob) G. Hrivnak, who will be leaving the company.17:16HIG Hartford Financial announces COVID-19 Personal Auto Payback Plan (41.88 +3.18)Recognizing the difficult time many customers are facing during the pandemic, The Hartford announced its COVID-19 Personal Auto Payback Plan, which will provide customers with a 15% refund on their April and May personal auto insurance premiums. Over the next two months, the company will distribute approximately $50 mln to its customers. The Hartford is working with state insurance departments to make these refunds as quickly as possible. The company intends to issue refunds over the next two months to all personal auto insurance customers with policies in force as of April 1, 2020. The refunds will be made by check or direct deposit into the account the customer used to pay their bill.17:04WWE World Wrestling to adjourn Annual Meeting of Stockholders due to COVID-19 (37.42 +1.15)World Wrestling Entertainment intends to convene and then immediately adjourn its Annual Meeting of Stockholders due to the rapidly evolving public health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental actions related thereto, including the State of Connecticut's Executive Order No. 7H dated March 20. The Annual Meeting is scheduled to occur at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 16. The Annual Meeting will be convened and then immediately adjourned to a time and place that will be announced at the meeting and by press release.16:59FRPT Freshpet comments on COVID-19 conditions; saw accelerated demand with the onset of the global health crisis (63.29 -5.42)The company is making notable investments designed to protect its team members so that they can address the surge in demand that exceeded its production capacity during the first quarter and rebuild trade inventories in the second quarter when consumers begin to draw down their pantry stock.Billy Cyr, Freshpet's CEO, commented, "One of the benefits of the pet food business is that it has very consistent consumption patterns -- which are continuing, but the current situation has distorted the buying behavior for that consumption. While it is not clear how long this crisis will last, the impact it will have on consumer shopping behavior going forward, or how long it will take retailers to return to their traditional activities, we are committed to helping our retail partners meet the needs of those whom they serve every day.""As we outlined at our Investor Day in February, our recent growth had been very robust such that we were playing catch up to fulfill demand. With the onset of the COVID-19 global health crisis, our demand continued to accelerate as pet parents prioritized shopping for their pets' needs. While we expect a trough in retail sales behind the surge, we remain diligent in ensuring that our manufacturing operations are safe through additional investments when necessary and believe all of our efforts demonstrate the strength of our organization, the business we have built and the merits of our mission and values that are focused on Pets. People. Planet."16:57IRTC iRhythm reports preliminary 1Q20 revenue inline with consensus and withdraws FY20 guidance (82.56 +2.56)Co reports inline preliminary revenue for 1Q20, sees revenue of $61-$62 mln vs the $61.7 mln S&P Capital IQ consensus.The company estimates an impact due to COVID-19 of approximately $2.0-$2.5 mln in revenue in the first quarter of 2020.Although the company cannot currently predict the extent or duration of the COVID-19 related impact to its financial results, the company does expect the impact of COVID-19 to be more significant in the near-term.IRTC is also withdrawing full-year 2020 guidance.16:55PII Polaris Industries enters into an incremental $300 mln unsecured term loan under existing credit facility to increase its liquidity position (56.00 +3.11)16:52IIPR Innovative Industrial Properties issues response to short-seller report (75.52 +6.37)Innovative Industrial Properties announced that it "is aware of a short-seller report released earlier today, which contains numerous false and misleading statements about IIP and its Executive Chairman, Alan Gold. The report is flawed and demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of IIP's business model. As such, most of the report's content does not warrant a response from IIP. Mr. Gold, however, strongly refutes any inference that he is not firmly committed to the long-term success of IIP."As of today, Mr. Gold beneficially owns, either directly or through his children's trusts, 377,086 shares of common stock of IIP valued at approx. $28.5 mln. Mr. Gold has not sold a single share of common stock in IIP since inception.16:50OMI Owens & Minor discloses update relating to the pending divestiture of its Movianto business for $133 mln in cash (6.07 +0.39)On April 6, Owens & Minor entered into an purchase agreement by and among Owens & Minor International Logistics, Owens & Minor, Walden Group SAS, and EHDH. The purchase agreement provides for the sale to Walden Group of the Owens & Minor's Movianto business, as well as certain support functions in the company's Dublin office. The total price payable by Walden Group for the divestiture is $133 mln in cash, which is based upon a locked box calculation. The company continues to believe that the divestiture will close in the first half of 2020. However, due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, there is a possibility that the closing will be delayed.16:48BCRX BioCryst Pharma opens enrollment into a clinical trial to assess galidesivir in patients with COVID-19 (2.07 +0.07)Co has opened enrollment into a clinical trial to assess galidesivir in patients with COVID-19. The trial (NCT03891420) is being funded by NIAID.Galidesivir is an investigational broad-spectrum antiviral drug that was safe and well tolerated in previously reported Phase 1 trials in healthy subjects. The trial will be conducted in Brazil under a U.S. investigational new drug application, and the protocol also has been approved by ANVISA and the Brazilian National Ethics Committee (CONEP).16:46SLP Simulations Plus reports 2Q20 EPS of $0.12 vs. the $0.14 two analyst estimate; revenue of $10.3 mln vs. the $9.9 mln estimate (35.95 +1.60)Commentary: "Our new business sales have slowed, as our customers deal with the Covid-related interruptions and uncertainty. To date, this has resulted in sales pipeline growth, as sales have been mostly delayed but not lost. To proactively contribute to solving this worldwide pandemic, we established the StrategiesPlus COVID-19 ACT Program to speed consulting assistance to any organization involved in coronavirus research."16:44FLR Fluor announces extension of LOGCAP IV contract with US Army (7.86 +0.58)Fluor announced today that the Army Contracting Command - Rock Island has extended Fluor's current Logistics Civil Augmentation Program (LOGCAP) IV contract, as the Army continues to implement the transition to LOGCAP V. Fluor will continue to provide forward operating support for Afghanistan through December 2020, for US Africa Command (AFRICOM) through June 2020 or as extended until Fluor begins work on LOGCAP V, and for US Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) through March 2021, or until it transitions to LOGCAP V.16:41REVG REV Group suspends dividend, furloughs employees (4.39 +0.14)Co has furloughed most salaried employees within its Recreation segment which, as previously disclosed, suspended normal production activities during the week of March 23.Co will suspend quarterly dividend beginning fiscal Q2.Co says it currently maintains strong liquidity with approximately $200 million of availability under its existing ABL credit facility including cash on hand.16:41ADT ADT announces that Jim DeVries, President and CEO, tested positive for the COVID-19 virus (5.35 +0.65)ADT announced to its employees that Jim DeVries, President and CEO, tested positive for the COVID-19 virus. Mr. DeVries showed mild symptoms and was tested on March 31. On April 7, he was informed that the test was positive. Mr. DeVries has continued to perform his responsibilities as President and Chief Executive Officer at all times, and has not shown any symptoms since April 5. The company maintains succession plans for all senior executives including temporary delegation of responsibilities to other leaders within the organization if necessary for any reason.16:33AERI Aerie Pharma withdraws 2020 guidance for net revenues and net cash used in operations (15.25 +1.85)Co provides a business update associated with the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on company operations.While Aerie volumes increased in 1Q20 compared to 4Q19 for both Rhopressa 0.02% and Rocklatan 0.02%/0.005%, the pace of volumes, as seen with the entire pharmaceutical market according to IQVIA data, has declined as the COVID-19 impact became elevated in late March and into April 2020 to date. There has been a positive partial offset from increasing 90-days' supply activity, but with many eye care professionals' offices closed or in the process of closing, new prescription growth has slowed.AERI is withdrawing its 2020 guidance for net revenues and net cash used in operations, which includes the net revenue guidance as a component. As would be expected, the company is currently experiencing travel and meeting expenses below original internal expectations. Guidance will be updated when there is clarity going forward.AERI has observed no disruptions to date in its supply chain for production of Rhopressa and Rocklatan. The company believes it has approximately three years of starting materials and active pharmaceutical ingredient in inventory, and adequate supply of finished product on hand to support its commercial efforts for at least the next six months, and production continues.16:30O Realty Income withdraws 2020 guidance; draws $1.20 bln on its revolving credit facility (56.68 +3.55)The company recently borrowed an additional $1.20 bln under its revolving credit facility, as to further strengthen its liquidity position and to enhance its financial flexibility. The total capacity of the revolving credit facility is $3.0 bln, of which, as of April 9, approx. $1.2 bln of capacity remains, excluding the revolving credit facility's $1.0 bln accordion feature.As of April 9, the company has a cash balance of $1.25 bln.Given the economic uncertainty and rapidly-evolving circumstances related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the company is withdrawing its previously issued 2020 guidance and is not providing an updated outlook at this time.16:27BOOT Boot Barn Holdings withdraws Q4 and FY20 guidance; furloughed approximately 40% of the employees at its central office location, distribution centers, and stores (15.98 +0.18)Co is withdrawing its guidance for Q4 and FY20 as management expects the COVID-19 outbreak to have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results.As a result of lower store traffic and temporary closures of certain stores due to the COVID-19 outbreak, the company has reduced its hours of operations and the hours of its store associates. Additionally, the company has furloughed approximately 40% of the employees at its central office location, distribution centers, and stores.Effective April 12, 2020, the base salaries of James Conroy, President and Chief Executive Officer, and all other named executive officers and other senior executives at the company, will be temporarily reduced 50% and 25%, respectively. The company has also deferred until no later than September 1, 2020, the payment of any annual cash performance bonuses to the management team for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020.16:27VVNT Vivint Smart Home provides COVID-19 business update (11.00 -0.80)Among other updates on operational changes taken due to COVID-19, the company notes:"Based on state and local government guidelines, we have temporarily paused all door-to-door sales activities across North America.""We are implementing business continuity plans intended to ensure the health, safety and well-being of our customers, employees and communities, and to protect the financial and operational strength of the company. We are trimming discretionary spending to preserve cash and improve our cost structure. We have also drawn down $100 million on our revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure to increase our cash position and preserve liquidity and financial flexibility in light of current uncertainty in the global markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.""We are making a change to our business in Canada. Each account sold in Canada has historically required a significant cash investment by the company. Effective June 10, 2020, Vivint Canada, Inc. will no longer sell new equipment or accounts through its door-to-door sales channel. We will continue to sell through online marketing and our inside sales channels. We remain committed to our customers in Canada and will continue to operate there with dedicated support and services. We will continue to adjust these plans in response to the global situation with COVID-19."16:23IVZ Invesco reports preliminary month-end assets under management for March of $1,053.4 bln, a decrease of 9.1% vs the prior month-end (9.86 +0.39)The firm achieved net inflows of $6.8 bln this month. Net inflows were driven by a $26.1 bln increase in money market AUM and net long-term inflows in the institutional business of $11.2 bln due to the funding of several large client mandates, including the partial funding of a previously disclosed Solutions win. Overall net long-term outflows were $10.5 bln, and non-management fee earning outflows were $8.8 bln. The decrease in AUM was negatively impacted by unfavorable market returns, which decreased AUM by $110 bln. FX decreased AUM by $4.2 bln. Preliminary average total AUM for the quarter through March 31 were $1,176.3 bln, and preliminary average active AUM for the quarter through March 31 were $889.3 bln.16:21WRAPX Closing Market Summary: Shortened Week Ends on Higher NoteThe stock market climbed to end the holiday-shortened week, but the Thursday affair saw some intraday volatility. The S&P 500 gained 1.5%, extending this week's advance to 12.1% while the Nasdaq (+0.8%) underperformed but still gained 10.6% for the week.The market climbed out of the gate after the release of another horrific weekly initial claims report was masked by news of more unprecedented action from the Fed to help none of the 16 million people who got fired over the past three weeks. Of course, the Fed would protest that direct support is not in its mandate, but neither is the ability to purchase junk bond ETFs or collateralized debt obligations, which can now be acquired by the Fed. The central bank also added another $2.30 trln in emergency lending capacity for businesses and municipalities. Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, said that the central bank will continue using its powers forcefully, proactively, and aggressively.In Europe, the Bank of England announced that it will begin directly financing the U.K.'s fiscal needs while German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, rejected Italy's demand for the issuance of joint euro debt.Also of note, the Japanese government will reportedly spend up to $2.20 bln to help Japanese manufacturers move their production facilities out of China.Equities backpedaled from their highs in the afternoon, but ten out of eleven sectors were able to finish in the green. The gains were paced by groups like financials (+5.2%), real estate (+5.2%), and utilities (+4.8%).The top-weighted technology sector (UNCH) lagged, which was also the case earlier in the week. The sector climbed 10.6% for the week while chipmakers also underperformed today. The PHLX Semiconductor Index lost 2.3%, narrowing this week's gain to 11.0%.Costco (COST 300.01, -5.96, -2.0%) reported a 12.1% jump in domestic comparable sales in March, but its stock finished lower since the market had already priced in strong March sales.The energy sector (-1.1%) turned negative in the afternoon amid volatility in crude oil. That volatility followed conflicting headlines from the OPEC+ meeting, where producers struggled to agree to a large output cut. The Wall Street Journal reported in the late afternoon that daily output in May and June will be reduced by ten million barrels. Crude oil ended the day lower by $2.30, or 9.1%, at $22.87/bbl.Treasuries finished near their highs, sending the 10-yr yield lower by four basis points to 0.73%.The U.S. Dollar Index fell 0.6% to 99.50, widening this week's loss to 1.0%.Reviewing today's economic data:It was another dismal initial claims report, with 6.606 million jobless claims filed for the week ending April 4 (Briefing.com consensus 5.000 million), bringing the three-week total to 13,476,307 after revisions. Continuing claims for the week ending March 28 hit a record high 7.455 millionThe key takeaway from the jobless claims data is that the number of filings is simply astounding and a true sign of the vast impact of the sudden economic stop. Unfortunately, it likely still doesn't capture the fullness of the impact as it's reasonable to assume that the system for filing claims is overwhelmed and not facilitating every effort to file for jobless benefitsThe preliminary reading for the University of Michigan's Consumer Sentiment Index for April plummeted to 71.0 (Briefing.com consensus 79.3) from 89.1 in March. This is the largest monthly decline on record The key takeaway from the report is that the more modest decline in the Expectations Index captures a feeling that the impact of the COVID-19 cases and death rates could soon peak, allowing for a restart of the economy The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.2% m/m in March (Briefing.com consensus -0.4%). Core PPI was up 0.2% (Briefing.com consensus -0.1%) The key takeaway from the report is that it doesn't fully reflect the impact of the COVID-19 shutdown measures as the pricing date for the survey was March 10 Wholesale inventories decreased by 0.7% in February (Briefing.com consensus -0.4%) after decreasing a revised 0.6% (from -0.4%) in JanuaryThere is no data scheduled for Monday.Nasdaq Composite -9.1% YTD S&P 500 -13.7% YTD Dow Jones Industrial Average -16.9% YTD Russell 2000 -25.3% YTD16:20WCC Wesco: Anixter shareholders vote to approve previously-announced merger (26.47 +1.64)WCC provides update regarding its previously announced merger with Anixter (AXE).Earlier today, Anixter held a special meeting of stockholders; The merger was approved by approximately 99.42% of the votes cast at the special meeting, which represented approximately 82.26% of the total outstanding shares of Anixter common stock. WESCO has obtained debt financing commitments from Barclays Bank. WESCO continues to expect to complete the transaction in the second or third quarter of 2020.16:20APAM Artisan Partners Asset Mgmt reports assets under management as of March 31 of $95.2 bln vs $111.7 bln at prior month-end (22.84 +1.33)16:18FOXF Fox Factory Holding expects Q1 sales to be slightly above low end of previous guidance range, adjusted EPS expected to be at or near low end of guidance range (50.46 +2.61)For 1Q20, the company now expects sales to be slightly above the low end of its previously provided guidance range of $182-$190 million, inline with the S&P Capital IQ consensus of $182.3 mln. Non-GAAP adjusted EPS is now expected to be at or near the low end of its previously provided guidance range of $0.55 to $0.60, pending the company's evaluation of costs associated with mandated closures, net of government benefits. The S&P 500 Capital IQ consensus is $0.58.Due to the rapidly evolving market conditions domestically and internationally in response to the continued spread of COVID-19, the company is suspending its full fiscal year 2020 guidance previously provided on March 3, 2020.The company's manufacturing facilities in North America have been affected by local and state "shelter in place" or "stay at home" orders including the temporary suspension of non-essential operations in certain facilities. Where local regulations permit, the company has limited its workforce to only essential production and maintenance.In response to the manufacturing slowdown caused by these various North American "shelter in place" or "stay at home" orders, the company is taking action to manage costs by enacting executive pay cuts and temporary furloughs, curtailing non-essential capital expenditures, and reducing expenses overall during this time.16:17LZB La-Z-Boy provides update on COVID-19 action plan (22.92 +2.03)With a continued focus on health, safety, and well-being, the company will continue to:Evaluate plans and timing to re-open the 155 company-owned La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries stores on a case by case basis; the company expects the cadence of store openings to vary.Evaluate plans and timing to re-start production at its US- and Mexico-based manufacturing facilities, in line with applicable federal, state, and local requirements and guidelines, as well as customer demand, with no firm date established; the company is monitoring health, safety, and market conditions continually and plans to open as conditions dictate.Operate its Regional Distribution Centers, adhering to safety guidelines, to deliver in-process orders.16:13CEMI Chembio Diagnostics collaborates with Stony Brook Medicine to identify coronavirus survivors (8.08 +0.64)Chembio Diagnostics today announced that its DPP COVID-19 serological point-of-care test for the detection of IgM and IgG antibodies has been selected for use in a Stony Brook Medicine effort to recruit patients who have recovered from COVID-19 infection. The study is intended to determine if convalescent blood plasma, the plasma from people who have recovered from COVID-19, can help treat hospitalized patients with active COVID-19 infection. In early April, Stony Brook University Hospital received FDA approval to offer convalescent blood plasma treatment to its patients through a randomized, controlled study and is expected to enroll up to 500 patients from the Long Island area. The Chembio DPP COVID-19 test is being used to confirm that patients were infected with COVID-19 and now have adequate levels of IgG antibodies to make them eligible to donate convalescent plasma.16:08HA Hawaiian Holdings discloses "sharp declines" in March traffic amid COVID-19; has reduced scheduled service systemwide by 95% through April (11.82 +0.61)Hawaiian Airlines, a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, saw sharp declines in its system-wide traffic statistics in March 2020 as government mandated restrictions on travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic became more numerous.Demand declines that began with US government restrictions on Chinese arrivals in late January accelerated in mid-March, when governments in Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, American Samoa and Hawai'i instituted requirements of self-isolation or quarantine for incoming arrivals. Hawaiian Airlines has responded to the diminishing demand by reducing its scheduled service systemwide by 95% through April 2020.In March, system-wide RPMs declined 40.9% yr/yr while ASMs fell 11.9% yr/yr; load factor was 58.0%, down from 86.4% one year ago. Passengers transported fell 45.4% yr/yr.16:07TXG 10x Genomics guides Q1 revenue in-line, withdraws full year guidance (65.92 +1.60)Co issues in-line guidance for Q1 (Mar), sees Q1 (Mar) revs of $71-72 mln vs. $71.04 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As the pandemic spread from China to countries worldwide, the company saw a significant reduction in customer activity other than research related to the virus. Social distancing and stay-at-home orders have temporarily closed many academic and government labs. Co currently believes that its existing cash position, along with cash generated from sales of its products, will be sufficient to meet its anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Co is withdrawing its previously announced annual revenue guidance for 2020.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: April 13, 2020End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 06:00 ETBriefing.comApril 13, 2020 Monday 6:05 AM ESTCopyright 2020 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 7542 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 13-Apr-20 06:00 ET06:03AZN AstraZeneca: Tagrisso Phase III ADAURA trial will be unblinded early after overwhelming efficacy in the adjuvant treatment of patients with EGFR-mutated lung cancer (44.66 )The ADAURA Phase III trial for Tagrisso (osimertinib) in the adjuvant treatment of patients with Stage IB, II and IIIA epidermal growth factor receptor-mutated (EGFRm) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with complete tumour resection will be unblinded early following a recommendation from an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) based on its determination of overwhelming efficacy.Co also announced that the FDA has approved the kinase inhibitor Koselugo (selumetinib) for the treatment of paediatric patients two years of age and older with neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) who have symptomatic, inoperable plexiform neurofibromas (PN).06:03WIRES On The WiresElbit Systems (ESLT) announced that it was awarded two contracts valued at a total of approximately $20 million from Latin American customers to upgrade the capabilities of their Hermes 900 Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Both contracts will be performed within a 12-month period.Phoenix Tree Holdings (DNK) announced its Model Room Center in Beijing has received the WELL Silver Certification for its healthy living environment from the International WELL Building Institute. Danke is the first co-living platform in the world to obtain the WELL certification for a co-living project.JinkoSolar Holding (JKS) announced two separate, significant developments in its defense against patent litigation initiated by Hanwha Q CELL. (1) U.S. International Trade Commission ALJ finds no infringement of Hanwha Q CELLS patent. (2) U.S Patent and Trademark Appeal Board institutes inter partes review of the patentability of Hanwha Q CELLS patent.06:03ESLT Elbit Systems provides COVID-19 update; some businesses have begun to experience disruptions (122.66 )Potential impact on financial results: Co's 2019 Year End Financial Results Press Release from March 25, 2020, indicated that the pandemic has not had a material impact on the Company. Subsequently some of the businesses have begun to experience disruptions. Co is monitoring these businesses closely and plan to update the market in due course. Co has initiated a series of cost control measures to help limit the financial impact on the Company.Liquidity: Elbit Systems has a healthy balance sheet, adequate levels of cash and access to credit facilities that provide liquidity when necessary. We have used part of our financial resources to fund our suppliers and build buffer stocks of inventory where required.06:02PATK Patrick Industries provides COVID-19 update (33.98 )The Company implemented cost containment and financial management measures prior to the initial suspension of certain operations including wage reductions for the entire Executive Management team and other salaried employees across the organization, furlough of certain team members at operations that have been shut down due to the stay at home orders, a reduction in quarterly fees paid to our Board of Directors, and a reduction in non-essential spending.06:02TPR Tapestry has extended store closures in North America and Europe for an additional two weeks (through April 24) (15.70 )As previously announced, employees at closed locations will continue to receive pay and benefits over this period. The Company will continue to reassess store closure decisions on a bi-weekly basis and will not reopen stores until safe to do so. Across all three brands, essentially all of the Company's stores in China have re-opened and results are slowly and steadily improving. Similarly in South Korea, all stores have resumed normal operating hours. Over the past weeks, as determined by local government guidelines and authorities, many other stores have been closed in the Asia Pacific region including all stores in Malaysia, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand and most recently in some prefectures in Japan.06:02SRE Sempra Energy receives all required governmental authorizations For $3.59 bln divestiture of Luz Del Sur In Peru (130.53 )Co also continues to move forward with the sale of its equity interests in its Chilean business, including its 100% interest in Chilquinta Energa S.A. and Tecnored S.A., to State Grid International Development Limited (SGID) for approximately $2.23 billion in total cash proceeds, subject to adjustments and satisfaction of closing conditions.In combination, Sempra Energy's planned sale of its South American businesses is expected to result in combined proceeds of approximately $5.82 billion in total cash proceeds, subject to adjustments and satisfaction of closing conditions.06:02AZRE Azure Power provides COVID-19 update (14.77 )As of April 10, 2020, our operating projects have not been materially impacted related to the COVID 19 outbreak. We remain comfortable with our revenue and operating megawatt guidance for fiscal years 2020 and 2021 that we provided on February 12, 2020. For fiscal year 2020, we expect revenues will be between INR 12,900 million - 13,000 million which is line with guidance of INR 12,770 -- 13,350 million and 1,808 MWs were operational, which is also in line with our guidance.06:02UMC United Micro reports March revenues +41% yr/yr to NT 14.6 bln (2.3 )06:02WIRES On The WiresHuami (HMI), announced a collaboration with China National Clinical Research Center of Respiratory Disease (NCRCRD) and Guangdong Nanshan Medical Innovation Institute, led by Dr. Nanshan Zhong, to establish a smart wearable joint laboratory. Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (ARWR) announced that it has filed an application for clearance to begin a Phase 1/2a clinical trial of ARO-ENaC, the company's investigational RNA interference (RNAi) therapeutic being developed as a treatment for patients with cystic fibrosis (CF), which is a rare disease caused by genetic mutations that lead to progressive deterioration in lung function due to poor clearance of mucus and associated recurrent infections. STERIS (STE) announces that the FDA has issued an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) for respirator decontamination. The EUA enables healthcare providers to decontaminate N95 Respirators on-site by utilizing certain STERIS V-PRO Low Temperature Sterilization Systems.Spirit Realty Capital (SRC) announces that the Company has closed on an incremental $100 million term loan under the accordion feature of its previously announced $200 million unsecured term loan facility. The additional $100 million term loan has a maturity date of April 2, 2022.MFA Financial (MFA) announces that it and its repurchase agreement counterparties holding a significant majority of its outstanding repurchase obligations entered into a Forbearance Agreement. On March 24, 2020, the Company had announced that due to the turmoil in the financial markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company was engaged in discussions with its financing counterparties regarding forbearance with respect to the Company's obligations under its repurchase agreement financing arrangements, which were approximately $9.5 billion as of March 20, 2020. BeiGene (BGNE) announces that its anti-PD-1 antibody tislelizumab has received approval from the China National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) as a treatment for patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) with PD-L1 high expression whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy.06:02AAPL Apple and Google (GOOG) partner on COVID-19 contact tracing technology (267.99 )Google and Apple are announcing a joint effort to enable the use of Bluetooth technology to help governments and health agencies reduce the spread of the virus, with user privacy and security central to the design.First, in May, both companies will release APIs that enable interoperability between Android and iOS devices using apps from public health authorities. These official apps will be available for users to download via their respective app stores.Second, in the coming months, Apple and Google will work to enable a broader Bluetooth-based contact tracing platform by building this functionality into the underlying platforms.06:02EPAM EPAM Systems sees Q1 revs above consensus; withdraws FY20 guidance due to COVID-19 (192.29 )Co issues upside guidance for Q1 (Mar), sees Q1 (Mar) revs of $649-653 mln vs. $640.57 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. In addition, the Company expects first quarter profitability to be consistent with or better than the outlook provided during its fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call on February 20, 2020. Due to heightened uncertainty related to the potential impacts of COVID--19 on the Company's second quarter and full year business results, EPAM is withdrawing its full year 2020 financial outlook.06:02TGI Triumph Group provides COVID-19 update (7.56 )Co provided an update on the current impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) on the business and the steps the Company is taking to mitigate it. To align capacity with short and medium-term customer demand, conserve cash and maintain long-term competitiveness, the following actions are underway: Given that Boeing (BA) has extended closure of its Washington state factories indefinitely, and closed its Charleston, South Carolina plant for 14 days, Triumph announced furloughs for approximately 2,300 employees across Triumph plants in the U.S. and Europe for two to four weeks to reduce capacity associated with Boeing Commercial Aircraft programs. These plants will remain operational and continue to support other customer demands. Triumph will provide one week of company pay and will cover the employee share of medical premiums during the furlough period. In addition to the previously announced 500-person reduction in force as part of its austerity measures, Triumph will eliminate approximately 200 full-time positions due to decreased demand. Triumph will pay severance to impacted employees consistent with existing policies. These reductions are expected to be completed by May 1, 2020. To reduce working capital requirements, the Company will also adjust its supply chain demand consistent with updated OEM production and aftermarket forecasts.06:02MD MEDNAX provides COVID-19 update (14.00 )Co has also implemented a number of actions to preserve its financial flexibility and partially mitigate the significant anticipated impact of COVID-19 on the Company. Steps taken to reduce expenditures include:Temporarily reduced executive and key management base salaries, including 50% reductions in salaries for the Company's most senior executive officers; MEDNAX's Board of Directors have agreed to forego their annual cash retainer and cash meeting payments, until further notice.06:02PRU Prudential to sell Prudential of Korea to KB Financial Group for $1.9 bln (58.70 )Under the terms of the agreement, Prudential Financial will sell 100% of its life insurance business in Korea for cash consideration of approximately 2.3 trillion Korean Won, or $1.9 billion.06:02ASX ASE Technology reports March +28.1% yr/yr to NT 37.9 bln (3.97 )06:01WIRES On The WiresPayPal Holdings (PYPL) is now providing access to small business loans through the U.S. Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program. This follows approval from the SBA for PayPal to participate in the program as one of the first non-bank institutions. On April 9, 2020, Overstock.com (OSTK), in connection with an equity offering program under which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of the Company's common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to $80 million (the "Offering"), the Company filed a prospectus supplement. In connection with the Offering, the Company entered into an amendment to its Capital on Demand Sales Agreement with JonesTrading Institutional Services as agent.Dr. Reddy's (RDY) received the Establishment Inspection Report from US FDA, for the Telangana, India facility, indicating closure of the audit and the inspection classification of this facility is determined as "Voluntary Action Indicated."Turkcell (TKC) releases presentation regarding the initial impacts of COVID-19 pandemic. Roaming income is at risk if situation extends beyond summer (rev share is <3%). Co has a robust balance sheet with strong liquidity: USD1.7Bn cash at hand (Dec-19). ProPetro Holding (PUMP) named Darin Holderness Chief Financial Officer, removing his previous interim title. Mr. Holderness will continue to serve as the Company's principal financial officer. Business First Bancshares (BFST) received regulatory approval from the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions to complete its previously announced merger with Pedestal Bancshares. The merger of Pedestal with and into Business First is expected to be completed on or about May 1, 2020.Groupon (GRPN) approved restructuring actions relating to the Company's previously announced planned exit of the Goods category and as part of cost cutting measures implemented in response to the impact of the novel coronavirus pandemic. Covid-19 has caused disruptions in the Company's day-to-day activities and impacted the ability of its staff to complete, within four business days, the procedures relating to the restructuring actions and disclosure thereof.Samsung Biologics and Vir Biotechnology (VIR) announced a manufacturing agreement under which Samsung Biologics will perform large scale manufacturing services for Vir's SARS-CoV-2 monoclonal antibody (mAb) program. Under the deal valued at approximately $362 million, Samsung Biologics is expected to commence its manufacturing as early as October with the first engineering run, with potential commercial batches to be manufactured starting in 2021 in Plant 3.Federal Trade Commission has closed its investigation into Johnson & Johnson's (JNJ) proposed acquisition of the fibrin sealant surgical patch TachoSil from Takeda Pharmaceutical Company.06:01COLB Columbia Banking announces that Aaron Deer has been appointed Columbia's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective on or before April 30, 202006:01SC Santander Consumer USA recently experienced a significant decline in origination of auto loans and leases (16.52 )Further, this significant decline in origination volume may adversely affect the co's ability to meet the key performance metrics under its agreement with FCA US, the U.S. subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCAU). This decline in volume may be exacerbated because FCA announced in March 2020 that it has suspended production of new vehicles at certain facilities across Europe and North America, which may reduce the availability of new vehicles for FCA dealers after dealerships re-open or consumer demand increases.06:01FOSL Fossil Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jeff Boyer has been appointed to the additional role of Chief Operating Officer (4.11 )Co established an Office of the Chairman to drive greater agility in responding to changing market conditions as well as develop Fossil Group's long-term strategic roadmap. The Company also announced that, effective immediately, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jeff Boyer has been appointed to the additional role of Chief Operating Officer and Greg McKelvey will expand his role as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer.06:01PLNT Planet Fitness determined it would implement a temporary furlough of all of its in-store staff at each of its corporate store locations (55.80 )The temporary furlough will not impact the Company's corporate store managers. For each furloughed employee who had previously elected to receive Company-sponsored benefits, the Company will continue to pay its portion of the benefits cost, and the employee portion of the benefits cost, as long as permitted by the Company's sponsored plans.06:01TSM Taiwan Semi reports March consolidated revs +21.5% sequentially and +42.4% yr/yr to NT$113.52 bln (48.33 )Revenues for January through March 2020 totaled NT$310.60 billion, an increase of 42.0 percent compared to the same period in 2019.06:01AAP Advance Auto withdraws guidance due to COVID-19 (106.86 )Given uncertainties related to the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including those related to a potential slowdown in economic activity, weaker demand, fewer miles driven, supply disruptions or constraints, and the spread of the pandemic and related governmental actions, the company is withdrawing the full year financial guidance it provided on February 18, 2020. Additionally, the company has suspended its share repurchase activity to further preserve cash. The company's first fiscal quarter comprises the sixteen weeks ending April 18, 2020. Quarter to date comparable store sales for the twelve weeks ended March 21, 2020 were down 3.2% compared to prior year, which was negatively impacted from COVID-19 by approximately 180 basis points during the last two weeks of that time frame. With shelter in place orders in effect across most of North America, the company's comparable store sales were down approximately 28% during both weeks-ended March 28, 20201 and April 4, 20201 compared to the same weeks in the prior year. COVID-19 has had a greater impact on the company's professional business than DIY omnichannel and has been particularly acute in major urban markets such as New York, Detroit and the San Francisco Bay Area.06:00USO OPEC+ agrees to cut production by 9.7 mb/d, starting on 1 May 2020, for an initial period of two months that concludes on 30 June 2020 (4.98 )"Adjust downwards their overall crude oil production by 9.7 mb/d, starting on 1 May 2020, for an initial period of two months that concludes on 30 June 2020. For the subsequent period of 6 months, from 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020, the total adjustment agreed will be 7.7 mb/d. It will be followed by a 5.8 mb/d adjustment for a period of 16 months, from 1 January 2021 to 30 April 2022. The baseline for the calculation of the adjustments is the oil production of October 2018, except for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and The Russian Federation, both with the same baseline level of 11.0 mb/d. The agreement will be valid until 30 April 2022, however, the extension of this agreement will be reviewed during December 2021."Release (potential related tickers: APA, CPE, CVX, XEC, CXO, DVN, EOG, XOM, NBL, OXY, OVV, PXD, TOT, BP, RIG, SU, USO, XLE)06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back on thin holiday tradeThe global equity markets are mostly lower with many of the major indices closed for public holiday. S&P futures down over 1% and hovering around the 2745 area. Although the overnight trading was relatively quiet, spoos saw more than a 100-point range with a high of 2819.50 and a low of 2718.25.In Asia, the major markets finished lower with China falling 0.5%, while Japan dropped 2.3%. China reported a 6-week high of new coronavirus cases and led to dampened sentiment in the Mainland. The Nikkei also saw steady declines after the yen rose against the dollar. This led to export stocks pacing the way lower with names such as Honda and Sony down 2-3%. Hong Kong was closed for public holiday.In Europe, the major bourses are closed for Easter Monday.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -34.010 yr Note: 0.734%USD/JPY: 107.99 -0.34EUR/USD: 1.0935 +0.0004Europe: FTSE CLOSED DAX CLOSED CAC CLOSEDAsia: Hang Seng CLOSED Shanghai -0.5% Nikkei -2.3%Gold (1741.10 -11.10) Silver (15.67 -0.39) Crude (22.70 -0.06)18:00WRAPX This week's biggest % gainers/losersThe following are this week's top percentage gainers and losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume)This week's top % gainers Healthcare: MNK (3.66 +115.29%), IMMU (19.64 +108.94%)Consumer Discretionary: EXPR (2.58 +95.45%), AGS (2.69 +86.81%), GCO (19.37 +86.25%)Financials: EFC (11.04 +183.08%), TRTX (6.55 +159.92%), LADR (8.14 +140.12%), IVR (4.42 +126.67%), MITT (3.44 +111.04%), GPMT (5.62 +110.49%), NYMT (2.24 +107.41%), TWO (4.91 +102.89%), ACRE (8.13 +94.03%), ABR (7.81 +92.36%)Energy: AR (1.47 +90.54%)This week's top % losers Healthcare: OMI (6.07 -10.47%), MRNA (31.86 -8.55%), DVAX (2.94 -7.26%), TDOC (146.66 -6.11%), GILD (73.51 -6.01%)Materials: SXC (3.06 -16.16%), SUZ (6.83 -7.45%)Information Technology: RNG (205.14 -8.32%), OSPN (15.59 -6.48%), EVBG (98.06 -6.14%)Financials: SQQQ (15.75 -26.61%), EHTH (115.01 -10.3%)Energy: BPT (4 -22.78%), HMLP (5.95 -11.33%), OAS (0.34 -8.82%), FLMN (2.42 -6.92%)Consumer Staples: SMPL (15.79 -15.88%), HAIN (25.4 -6.58%)17:19CLW Clearwater Paper appoints Michael J. Murphy as CFO, effective April 13 (21.01 +0.91)Mr. Murphy joins Clearwater Paper from NxEdge, where he served as CFO. Mr. Murphy succeeds Robert (Bob) G. Hrivnak, who will be leaving the company.17:16HIG Hartford Financial announces COVID-19 Personal Auto Payback Plan (41.88 +3.18)Recognizing the difficult time many customers are facing during the pandemic, The Hartford announced its COVID-19 Personal Auto Payback Plan, which will provide customers with a 15% refund on their April and May personal auto insurance premiums. Over the next two months, the company will distribute approximately $50 mln to its customers. The Hartford is working with state insurance departments to make these refunds as quickly as possible. The company intends to issue refunds over the next two months to all personal auto insurance customers with policies in force as of April 1, 2020. The refunds will be made by check or direct deposit into the account the customer used to pay their bill.17:04WWE World Wrestling to adjourn Annual Meeting of Stockholders due to COVID-19 (37.42 +1.15)World Wrestling Entertainment intends to convene and then immediately adjourn its Annual Meeting of Stockholders due to the rapidly evolving public health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental actions related thereto, including the State of Connecticut's Executive Order No. 7H dated March 20. The Annual Meeting is scheduled to occur at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 16. The Annual Meeting will be convened and then immediately adjourned to a time and place that will be announced at the meeting and by press release.16:59FRPT Freshpet comments on COVID-19 conditions; saw accelerated demand with the onset of the global health crisis (63.29 -5.42)The company is making notable investments designed to protect its team members so that they can address the surge in demand that exceeded its production capacity during the first quarter and rebuild trade inventories in the second quarter when consumers begin to draw down their pantry stock.Billy Cyr, Freshpet's CEO, commented, "One of the benefits of the pet food business is that it has very consistent consumption patterns -- which are continuing, but the current situation has distorted the buying behavior for that consumption. While it is not clear how long this crisis will last, the impact it will have on consumer shopping behavior going forward, or how long it will take retailers to return to their traditional activities, we are committed to helping our retail partners meet the needs of those whom they serve every day.""As we outlined at our Investor Day in February, our recent growth had been very robust such that we were playing catch up to fulfill demand. With the onset of the COVID-19 global health crisis, our demand continued to accelerate as pet parents prioritized shopping for their pets' needs. While we expect a trough in retail sales behind the surge, we remain diligent in ensuring that our manufacturing operations are safe through additional investments when necessary and believe all of our efforts demonstrate the strength of our organization, the business we have built and the merits of our mission and values that are focused on Pets. People. Planet."16:57IRTC iRhythm reports preliminary 1Q20 revenue inline with consensus and withdraws FY20 guidance (82.56 +2.56)Co reports inline preliminary revenue for 1Q20, sees revenue of $61-$62 mln vs the $61.7 mln S&P Capital IQ consensus.The company estimates an impact due to COVID-19 of approximately $2.0-$2.5 mln in revenue in the first quarter of 2020.Although the company cannot currently predict the extent or duration of the COVID-19 related impact to its financial results, the company does expect the impact of COVID-19 to be more significant in the near-term.IRTC is also withdrawing full-year 2020 guidance.16:55PII Polaris Industries enters into an incremental $300 mln unsecured term loan under existing credit facility to increase its liquidity position (56.00 +3.11)16:52IIPR Innovative Industrial Properties issues response to short-seller report (75.52 +6.37)Innovative Industrial Properties announced that it "is aware of a short-seller report released earlier today, which contains numerous false and misleading statements about IIP and its Executive Chairman, Alan Gold. The report is flawed and demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of IIP's business model. As such, most of the report's content does not warrant a response from IIP. Mr. Gold, however, strongly refutes any inference that he is not firmly committed to the long-term success of IIP."As of today, Mr. Gold beneficially owns, either directly or through his children's trusts, 377,086 shares of common stock of IIP valued at approx. $28.5 mln. Mr. Gold has not sold a single share of common stock in IIP since inception.16:50OMI Owens & Minor discloses update relating to the pending divestiture of its Movianto business for $133 mln in cash (6.07 +0.39)On April 6, Owens & Minor entered into an purchase agreement by and among Owens & Minor International Logistics, Owens & Minor, Walden Group SAS, and EHDH. The purchase agreement provides for the sale to Walden Group of the Owens & Minor's Movianto business, as well as certain support functions in the company's Dublin office. The total price payable by Walden Group for the divestiture is $133 mln in cash, which is based upon a locked box calculation. The company continues to believe that the divestiture will close in the first half of 2020. However, due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, there is a possibility that the closing will be delayed.16:48BCRX BioCryst Pharma opens enrollment into a clinical trial to assess galidesivir in patients with COVID-19 (2.07 +0.07)Co has opened enrollment into a clinical trial to assess galidesivir in patients with COVID-19. The trial (NCT03891420) is being funded by NIAID.Galidesivir is an investigational broad-spectrum antiviral drug that was safe and well tolerated in previously reported Phase 1 trials in healthy subjects. The trial will be conducted in Brazil under a U.S. investigational new drug application, and the protocol also has been approved by ANVISA and the Brazilian National Ethics Committee (CONEP).16:46SLP Simulations Plus reports 2Q20 EPS of $0.12 vs. the $0.14 two analyst estimate; revenue of $10.3 mln vs. the $9.9 mln estimate (35.95 +1.60)Commentary: "Our new business sales have slowed, as our customers deal with the Covid-related interruptions and uncertainty. To date, this has resulted in sales pipeline growth, as sales have been mostly delayed but not lost. To proactively contribute to solving this worldwide pandemic, we established the StrategiesPlus COVID-19 ACT Program to speed consulting assistance to any organization involved in coronavirus research."16:44FLR Fluor announces extension of LOGCAP IV contract with US Army (7.86 +0.58)Fluor announced today that the Army Contracting Command - Rock Island has extended Fluor's current Logistics Civil Augmentation Program (LOGCAP) IV contract, as the Army continues to implement the transition to LOGCAP V. Fluor will continue to provide forward operating support for Afghanistan through December 2020, for US Africa Command (AFRICOM) through June 2020 or as extended until Fluor begins work on LOGCAP V, and for US Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) through March 2021, or until it transitions to LOGCAP V.16:41REVG REV Group suspends dividend, furloughs employees (4.39 +0.14)Co has furloughed most salaried employees within its Recreation segment which, as previously disclosed, suspended normal production activities during the week of March 23.Co will suspend quarterly dividend beginning fiscal Q2.Co says it currently maintains strong liquidity with approximately $200 million of availability under its existing ABL credit facility including cash on hand.16:41ADT ADT announces that Jim DeVries, President and CEO, tested positive for the COVID-19 virus (5.35 +0.65)ADT announced to its employees that Jim DeVries, President and CEO, tested positive for the COVID-19 virus. Mr. DeVries showed mild symptoms and was tested on March 31. On April 7, he was informed that the test was positive. Mr. DeVries has continued to perform his responsibilities as President and Chief Executive Officer at all times, and has not shown any symptoms since April 5. The company maintains succession plans for all senior executives including temporary delegation of responsibilities to other leaders within the organization if necessary for any reason.16:33AERI Aerie Pharma withdraws 2020 guidance for net revenues and net cash used in operations (15.25 +1.85)Co provides a business update associated with the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on company operations.While Aerie volumes increased in 1Q20 compared to 4Q19 for both Rhopressa 0.02% and Rocklatan 0.02%/0.005%, the pace of volumes, as seen with the entire pharmaceutical market according to IQVIA data, has declined as the COVID-19 impact became elevated in late March and into April 2020 to date. There has been a positive partial offset from increasing 90-days' supply activity, but with many eye care professionals' offices closed or in the process of closing, new prescription growth has slowed.AERI is withdrawing its 2020 guidance for net revenues and net cash used in operations, which includes the net revenue guidance as a component. As would be expected, the company is currently experiencing travel and meeting expenses below original internal expectations. Guidance will be updated when there is clarity going forward.AERI has observed no disruptions to date in its supply chain for production of Rhopressa and Rocklatan. The company believes it has approximately three years of starting materials and active pharmaceutical ingredient in inventory, and adequate supply of finished product on hand to support its commercial efforts for at least the next six months, and production continues.16:30O Realty Income withdraws 2020 guidance; draws $1.20 bln on its revolving credit facility (56.68 +3.55)The company recently borrowed an additional $1.20 bln under its revolving credit facility, as to further strengthen its liquidity position and to enhance its financial flexibility. The total capacity of the revolving credit facility is $3.0 bln, of which, as of April 9, approx. $1.2 bln of capacity remains, excluding the revolving credit facility's $1.0 bln accordion feature.As of April 9, the company has a cash balance of $1.25 bln.Given the economic uncertainty and rapidly-evolving circumstances related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the company is withdrawing its previously issued 2020 guidance and is not providing an updated outlook at this time.16:27BOOT Boot Barn Holdings withdraws Q4 and FY20 guidance; furloughed approximately 40% of the employees at its central office location, distribution centers, and stores (15.98 +0.18)Co is withdrawing its guidance for Q4 and FY20 as management expects the COVID-19 outbreak to have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results.As a result of lower store traffic and temporary closures of certain stores due to the COVID-19 outbreak, the company has reduced its hours of operations and the hours of its store associates. Additionally, the company has furloughed approximately 40% of the employees at its central office location, distribution centers, and stores.Effective April 12, 2020, the base salaries of James Conroy, President and Chief Executive Officer, and all other named executive officers and other senior executives at the company, will be temporarily reduced 50% and 25%, respectively. The company has also deferred until no later than September 1, 2020, the payment of any annual cash performance bonuses to the management team for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020.16:27VVNT Vivint Smart Home provides COVID-19 business update (11.00 -0.80)Among other updates on operational changes taken due to COVID-19, the company notes:"Based on state and local government guidelines, we have temporarily paused all door-to-door sales activities across North America.""We are implementing business continuity plans intended to ensure the health, safety and well-being of our customers, employees and communities, and to protect the financial and operational strength of the company. We are trimming discretionary spending to preserve cash and improve our cost structure. We have also drawn down $100 million on our revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure to increase our cash position and preserve liquidity and financial flexibility in light of current uncertainty in the global markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.""We are making a change to our business in Canada. Each account sold in Canada has historically required a significant cash investment by the company. Effective June 10, 2020, Vivint Canada, Inc. will no longer sell new equipment or accounts through its door-to-door sales channel. We will continue to sell through online marketing and our inside sales channels. We remain committed to our customers in Canada and will continue to operate there with dedicated support and services. We will continue to adjust these plans in response to the global situation with COVID-19."16:23IVZ Invesco reports preliminary month-end assets under management for March of $1,053.4 bln, a decrease of 9.1% vs the prior month-end (9.86 +0.39)The firm achieved net inflows of $6.8 bln this month. Net inflows were driven by a $26.1 bln increase in money market AUM and net long-term inflows in the institutional business of $11.2 bln due to the funding of several large client mandates, including the partial funding of a previously disclosed Solutions win. Overall net long-term outflows were $10.5 bln, and non-management fee earning outflows were $8.8 bln. The decrease in AUM was negatively impacted by unfavorable market returns, which decreased AUM by $110 bln. FX decreased AUM by $4.2 bln. Preliminary average total AUM for the quarter through March 31 were $1,176.3 bln, and preliminary average active AUM for the quarter through March 31 were $889.3 bln.16:21WRAPX Closing Market Summary: Shortened Week Ends on Higher NoteThe stock market climbed to end the holiday-shortened week, but the Thursday affair saw some intraday volatility. The S&P 500 gained 1.5%, extending this week's advance to 12.1% while the Nasdaq (+0.8%) underperformed but still gained 10.6% for the week.The market climbed out of the gate after the release of another horrific weekly initial claims report was masked by news of more unprecedented action from the Fed to help none of the 16 million people who got fired over the past three weeks. Of course, the Fed would protest that direct support is not in its mandate, but neither is the ability to purchase junk bond ETFs or collateralized debt obligations, which can now be acquired by the Fed. The central bank also added another $2.30 trln in emergency lending capacity for businesses and municipalities. Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, said that the central bank will continue using its powers forcefully, proactively, and aggressively.In Europe, the Bank of England announced that it will begin directly financing the U.K.'s fiscal needs while German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, rejected Italy's demand for the issuance of joint euro debt.Also of note, the Japanese government will reportedly spend up to $2.20 bln to help Japanese manufacturers move their production facilities out of China.Equities backpedaled from their highs in the afternoon, but ten out of eleven sectors were able to finish in the green. The gains were paced by groups like financials (+5.2%), real estate (+5.2%), and utilities (+4.8%).The top-weighted technology sector (UNCH) lagged, which was also the case earlier in the week. The sector climbed 10.6% for the week while chipmakers also underperformed today. The PHLX Semiconductor Index lost 2.3%, narrowing this week's gain to 11.0%.Costco (COST 300.01, -5.96, -2.0%) reported a 12.1% jump in domestic comparable sales in March, but its stock finished lower since the market had already priced in strong March sales.The energy sector (-1.1%) turned negative in the afternoon amid volatility in crude oil. That volatility followed conflicting headlines from the OPEC+ meeting, where producers struggled to agree to a large output cut. The Wall Street Journal reported in the late afternoon that daily output in May and June will be reduced by ten million barrels. Crude oil ended the day lower by $2.30, or 9.1%, at $22.87/bbl.Treasuries finished near their highs, sending the 10-yr yield lower by four basis points to 0.73%.The U.S. Dollar Index fell 0.6% to 99.50, widening this week's loss to 1.0%.Reviewing today's economic data:It was another dismal initial claims report, with 6.606 million jobless claims filed for the week ending April 4 (Briefing.com consensus 5.000 million), bringing the three-week total to 13,476,307 after revisions. Continuing claims for the week ending March 28 hit a record high 7.455 millionThe key takeaway from the jobless claims data is that the number of filings is simply astounding and a true sign of the vast impact of the sudden economic stop. Unfortunately, it likely still doesn't capture the fullness of the impact as it's reasonable to assume that the system for filing claims is overwhelmed and not facilitating every effort to file for jobless benefitsThe preliminary reading for the University of Michigan's Consumer Sentiment Index for April plummeted to 71.0 (Briefing.com consensus 79.3) from 89.1 in March. This is the largest monthly decline on record The key takeaway from the report is that the more modest decline in the Expectations Index captures a feeling that the impact of the COVID-19 cases and death rates could soon peak, allowing for a restart of the economy The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.2% m/m in March (Briefing.com consensus -0.4%). Core PPI was up 0.2% (Briefing.com consensus -0.1%) The key takeaway from the report is that it doesn't fully reflect the impact of the COVID-19 shutdown measures as the pricing date for the survey was March 10 Wholesale inventories decreased by 0.7% in February (Briefing.com consensus -0.4%) after decreasing a revised 0.6% (from -0.4%) in JanuaryThere is no data scheduled for Monday.Nasdaq Composite -9.1% YTD S&P 500 -13.7% YTD Dow Jones Industrial Average -16.9% YTD Russell 2000 -25.3% YTD16:20WCC Wesco: Anixter shareholders vote to approve previously-announced merger (26.47 +1.64)WCC provides update regarding its previously announced merger with Anixter (AXE).Earlier today, Anixter held a special meeting of stockholders; The merger was approved by approximately 99.42% of the votes cast at the special meeting, which represented approximately 82.26% of the total outstanding shares of Anixter common stock. WESCO has obtained debt financing commitments from Barclays Bank. WESCO continues to expect to complete the transaction in the second or third quarter of 2020.16:20APAM Artisan Partners Asset Mgmt reports assets under management as of March 31 of $95.2 bln vs $111.7 bln at prior month-end (22.84 +1.33)16:18FOXF Fox Factory Holding expects Q1 sales to be slightly above low end of previous guidance range, adjusted EPS expected to be at or near low end of guidance range (50.46 +2.61)For 1Q20, the company now expects sales to be slightly above the low end of its previously provided guidance range of $182-$190 million, inline with the S&P Capital IQ consensus of $182.3 mln. Non-GAAP adjusted EPS is now expected to be at or near the low end of its previously provided guidance range of $0.55 to $0.60, pending the company's evaluation of costs associated with mandated closures, net of government benefits. The S&P 500 Capital IQ consensus is $0.58.Due to the rapidly evolving market conditions domestically and internationally in response to the continued spread of COVID-19, the company is suspending its full fiscal year 2020 guidance previously provided on March 3, 2020.The company's manufacturing facilities in North America have been affected by local and state "shelter in place" or "stay at home" orders including the temporary suspension of non-essential operations in certain facilities. Where local regulations permit, the company has limited its workforce to only essential production and maintenance.In response to the manufacturing slowdown caused by these various North American "shelter in place" or "stay at home" orders, the company is taking action to manage costs by enacting executive pay cuts and temporary furloughs, curtailing non-essential capital expenditures, and reducing expenses overall during this time.16:17LZB La-Z-Boy provides update on COVID-19 action plan (22.92 +2.03)With a continued focus on health, safety, and well-being, the company will continue to:Evaluate plans and timing to re-open the 155 company-owned La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries stores on a case by case basis; the company expects the cadence of store openings to vary.Evaluate plans and timing to re-start production at its US- and Mexico-based manufacturing facilities, in line with applicable federal, state, and local requirements and guidelines, as well as customer demand, with no firm date established; the company is monitoring health, safety, and market conditions continually and plans to open as conditions dictate.Operate its Regional Distribution Centers, adhering to safety guidelines, to deliver in-process orders.16:13CEMI Chembio Diagnostics collaborates with Stony Brook Medicine to identify coronavirus survivors (8.08 +0.64)Chembio Diagnostics today announced that its DPP COVID-19 serological point-of-care test for the detection of IgM and IgG antibodies has been selected for use in a Stony Brook Medicine effort to recruit patients who have recovered from COVID-19 infection. The study is intended to determine if convalescent blood plasma, the plasma from people who have recovered from COVID-19, can help treat hospitalized patients with active COVID-19 infection. In early April, Stony Brook University Hospital received FDA approval to offer convalescent blood plasma treatment to its patients through a randomized, controlled study and is expected to enroll up to 500 patients from the Long Island area. The Chembio DPP COVID-19 test is being used to confirm that patients were infected with COVID-19 and now have adequate levels of IgG antibodies to make them eligible to donate convalescent plasma.16:08HA Hawaiian Holdings discloses "sharp declines" in March traffic amid COVID-19; has reduced scheduled service systemwide by 95% through April (11.82 +0.61)Hawaiian Airlines, a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, saw sharp declines in its system-wide traffic statistics in March 2020 as government mandated restrictions on travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic became more numerous.Demand declines that began with US government restrictions on Chinese arrivals in late January accelerated in mid-March, when governments in Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, American Samoa and Hawai'i instituted requirements of self-isolation or quarantine for incoming arrivals. Hawaiian Airlines has responded to the diminishing demand by reducing its scheduled service systemwide by 95% through April 2020.In March, system-wide RPMs declined 40.9% yr/yr while ASMs fell 11.9% yr/yr; load factor was 58.0%, down from 86.4% one year ago. Passengers transported fell 45.4% yr/yr.16:07TXG 10x Genomics guides Q1 revenue in-line, withdraws full year guidance (65.92 +1.60)Co issues in-line guidance for Q1 (Mar), sees Q1 (Mar) revs of $71-72 mln vs. $71.04 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As the pandemic spread from China to countries worldwide, the company saw a significant reduction in customer activity other than research related to the virus. Social distancing and stay-at-home orders have temporarily closed many academic and government labs. Co currently believes that its existing cash position, along with cash generated from sales of its products, will be sufficient to meet its anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Co is withdrawing its previously announced annual revenue guidance for 2020.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: April 13, 2020End of Document

Bright Scholar Strategic Investment in Linstitute to Expand Online Training CapabilitiesPR NewswireMay 11, 2020 Monday 6:00 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 632 wordsDateline: FOSHAN, China, May 11, 2020 BodyPR NewswireBright Scholar Education Holdings Limited ("Bright Scholar," the "Company," "we" or "our") (NYSE: BEDU), a global premier education service company, today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 51% equity interests in Linstitute (the "Institute").Linstitute offers high-quality and outcomes-focused online training services including Academic Olympiad and other world-wide recognized international courses. Since its opening in March 2017, the Institute has helped over 2,000 students with more than 120 Academic Olympiad and international courses through its online platform. The Institute offers a comprehensive selection of academic courses covering Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Computing Science and Modeling as well as other services such as summer school application and overseas study counselling."The adoption of emerging technology has profound impact on education industry and creates huge new opportunities globally for Bright Scholar. This strategic investment expands the offerings of Bright Scholar to online training", said Jerry He, Executive Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bright Scholar. "Accelerating our investment in education technology and broadening of our online offerings will foster continued educator growth and improved student outcomes."About Bright Scholar Education Holdings LimitedBright Scholar is a global premier education service company, dedicated to providing quality international education to global students and equipping them with the critical academic foundation and skillsets necessary to succeed in the pursuit of higher education. Bright Scholar also complements its international offerings with Chinese government-mandated curriculum for students who wish to maintain the option of pursuing higher education in China. As of February 29, 2020, Bright Scholar operated 80 schools across ten provinces in China and eight schools overseas, covering the breadth of K-12 academic needs of its students. In the six months ended February 29, 2020, Bright Scholar had an average of 51,879 students enrolled at its schools.Safe Harbor StatementThis announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the Company's business plans and development, which can be identified by terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "aim," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "potential," "continue," "is/are likely to" or other similar expressions. Such statements are based upon management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control, which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties or factors is included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under law.IR Contact:GCM Strategic Communications Email: BEDU.IR@gcm.internationalMedia Contact:Email: media@brightscholar.comPhone: +86-757-6683-2507 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bright-scholar-strategic-investment-in-linstitute-to-expand-online-training-capabilities-301056448.htmlSOURCE Bright Scholar Education Holdings Ltd.Load-Date: May 11, 2020End of Document

LA-LB expect three more mega-ship calls to carry empties to AsiaJournal of CommerceMarch 10, 2020 Tuesday 9:30 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Commonwealth Business Media All Rights ReservedLength: 624 wordsByline: Bill Mongelluzzo, Senior Editor | Mar 10, 2020 5:30PM EDTBodyhttps://www.joc.com/sites/default/files/field_feature_image/POLA.jpg [caption caption="Maersk and MSC are temporarily upsizing the 14,000 TEU vessels they normally deploy in their TP2 and TP6 services to LA-LB to 19,000-23,000 TEU ships. Photo credit: Shutterstock.com."][/caption]With a pressing need to clear out empty containers that are backing up in Southern California, the 2M Alliance of Maersk Line and Mediterranean Shipping Co. will deploy three more mega-ships to the Los Angeles-Long Beach port complex beginning in late March.The 2M carriers are temporarily upsizing vessels in their TP6 and TP2 services to between 19,000 and 23,000 TEU capacity because they anticipate a rebound in containerized imports from China beginning in April. They are also responding to calls from the two ports and their 12 terminal operators to focus on returning empty containers to Asia that have been accumulating in the region since the Lunar New Year holidays in Asia, and disruptions to the supply chain caused by the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).Factories in China closed for the holidays that began on Jan. 25, and many remained closed for several more weeks as the Chinese government implemented measures to contain the spread of COVID-19. With US imports from China plunging, carriers in the trans-Pacific trades announced the canceling of more than 80 vessels to the West Coast from early February to early April.The blank sailings significantly reduced westbound capacity to Asia, setting off alarm bells at the ports. "In response to the extraordinary number of blank sailings, and the escalating number of empty containers piling up across Southern California, the Port of Long Beach is partnering with ocean carriers to evacuate thousands of empty containers and reposition them to Asia," said Noel Hacegaba, Long Beach's deputy executive director and chief operating officer.Maersk and MSC normally operate 14,000 TEU vessels in their TP2 and TP6 weekly services. Rather than deploying "extra-loader" vessels in addition to the vessels in the normal weekly rotations, the 2M carriers this month and next will increase weekly capacity by deploying the mega-ships that are not presently deployed in other services.MSC Oscar arrived in LA on SundayThe larger vessels due to call later this month will follow the arrival in Los Angeles on Sunday of the 19,000 TEU MSC Oscar at the APM Terminals Pier 400 facility. A Maersk spokesperson said Tuesday the vessel carried some inbound loads from China, although the ship was not filled. He expects it will be full with export loads and empty containers for the return voyage to Asia later this week.The spokesperson confirmed the 2M carriers will follow soon with three additional upsized vessels. He said the 19,000 to 23,000 TEU ships were chosen because they were "in the right place at the right time."With bookings into April beginning to ramp up, carriers, beneficial cargo owners (BCOs), and non-vessel operating common carriers (NVOs) expect imports from Asia and US exports to Asia will begin to return to normal seasonal trends next month. They also expect that with back-to-school merchandise set to arrive in May and June, followed by holiday season imports beginning in August, the summer months could witness larger-than-usual import volumes in the trans-Pacific trades.Imports took a major hit in February, with Los Angeles reporting that loaded imports declined 22.5 percent year over year. Long Beach has not released its import numbers, but the port announced earlier it anticipates imports in February will decline more than 6 percent from February 2019.Contact Bill Mongelluzzo at bill.mongelluzzo@ihsmarkit.com and follow him on Twitter:            @billmongelluzzo.Load-Date: March 12, 2020End of Document

LA-LB ports receiving more mega-ship calls to carry empties to AsiaJournal of CommerceMarch 10, 2020 Tuesday 9:30 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Commonwealth Business Media All Rights ReservedLength: 624 wordsByline: Bill Mongelluzzo, Senior Editor | Mar 10, 2020 5:30PM EDTBodyhttps://www.joc.com/sites/default/files/field_feature_image/POLA.jpg [caption caption="Maersk and MSC are temporarily upsizing the 14,000 TEU vessels they normally deploy in their TP2 and TP6 services to LA-LB to 19,000-23,000 TEU ships. Photo credit: Shutterstock.com."][/caption]With a pressing need to clear out empty containers that are backing up in Southern California, the 2M Alliance of Maersk Line and Mediterranean Shipping Co. will deploy three more mega-ships to the Los Angeles-Long Beach port complex beginning in late March.The 2M carriers are temporarily upsizing vessels in their TP6 and TP2 services to between 19,000 and 23,000 TEU capacity because they anticipate a rebound in containerized imports from China beginning in April. They are also responding to calls from the two ports and their 12 terminal operators to focus on returning empty containers to Asia that have been accumulating in the region since the Lunar New Year holidays in Asia, and disruptions to the supply chain caused by the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).Factories in China closed for the holidays that began on Jan. 25, and many remained closed for several more weeks as the Chinese government implemented measures to contain the spread of COVID-19. With US imports from China plunging, carriers in the trans-Pacific trades announced the canceling of more than 80 vessels to the West Coast from early February to early April.The blank sailings significantly reduced westbound capacity to Asia, setting off alarm bells at the ports. "In response to the extraordinary number of blank sailings, and the escalating number of empty containers piling up across Southern California, the Port of Long Beach is partnering with ocean carriers to evacuate thousands of empty containers and reposition them to Asia," said Noel Hacegaba, Long Beach's deputy executive director and chief operating officer.Maersk and MSC normally operate 14,000 TEU vessels in their TP2 and TP6 weekly services. Rather than deploying "extra-loader" vessels in addition to the vessels in the normal weekly rotations, the 2M carriers this month and next will increase weekly capacity by deploying the mega-ships that are not presently deployed in other services.MSC Oscar arrived in LA on SundayThe larger vessels due to call later this month will follow the arrival in Los Angeles on Sunday of the 19,000 TEU MSC Oscar at the APM Terminals Pier 400 facility. A Maersk spokesperson said Tuesday the vessel carried some inbound loads from China, although the ship was not filled. He expects it will be full with export loads and empty containers for the return voyage to Asia later this week.The spokesperson confirmed the 2M carriers will follow soon with three additional upsized vessels. He said the 19,000 to 23,000 TEU ships were chosen because they were "in the right place at the right time."With bookings into April beginning to ramp up, carriers, beneficial cargo owners (BCOs), and non-vessel operating common carriers (NVOs) expect imports from Asia and US exports to Asia will begin to return to normal seasonal trends next month. They also expect that with back-to-school merchandise set to arrive in May and June, followed by holiday season imports beginning in August, the summer months could witness larger-than-usual import volumes in the trans-Pacific trades.Imports took a major hit in February, with Los Angeles reporting that loaded imports declined 22.5 percent year over year. Long Beach has not released its import numbers, but the port announced earlier it anticipates imports in February will decline more than 6 percent from February 2019.Contact Bill Mongelluzzo at bill.mongelluzzo@ihsmarkit.com and follow him on Twitter:            @billmongelluzzo.Load-Date: March 19, 2020End of Document

Oil-Dri Announces Second Quarter and First Six-Months of Fiscal 2020 ResultsGlobeNewswireMarch 5, 2020 Thursday 1:06 PM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: EARNINGS RELEASES AND OPERATING RESULTSLength: 2172 wordsBodyCHICAGO, March  05, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Oil-Dri Corporation of America (NYSE: ODC), producer and marketer of sorbent mineral products, today announced its second quarter fiscal 2020 earnings.Daniel S. Jaffee, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "I am pleased with the results in the second quarter, including a triple-digit percentage increase in earnings per diluted share.  This was a welcome outcome as our performance in the same period last year was negatively impacted by the implementation of our new Enterprise Resource Planning ("ERP") system and several significant cost increases.  Although we experienced slight sales declines within the Business to Business Group, we remain confident in the long term success of Amlan International.  Net sales within our Retail and Wholesale Group were strong and continue to grow at a consistent pace.  Record operating earnings in this segment reflect our cat litter business' aforementioned sales growth along with improved margins.  Going forward, we will continue to focus our efforts on driving revenue and earnings growth within both business groups.    Second QuarterYear to Date Ended January 31Ended January 31 F20F19ChangeF20F19ChangeConsolidated Results      Net Sales$71,005,000$69,880,0002%$142,127,000$136,023,0004%Net Income Attributable to Oil-Dri$4,830,000$2,287,000111%$8,366,000$3,193,000162%Earnings per Diluted Share$0.63$0.30110%$1.09$0.42160%Business to Business      Net Sales$24,471,000$26,458,000(8)%$50,949,000$51,784,000(2)%Segment Operating Income$7,552,000$7,272,0004%$15,848,000$14,304,00011%Retail and Wholesale      Net Sales$46,534,000$43,422,0007%$91,178,000$84,239,0008%Segment Operating Income$5,608,000$2,653,000111%$8,968,000$2,662,000237% During the second quarter, Consolidated Net Income Attributable to Oil-Dri reached $4.8 million compared to $2.3 million last year.  In addition to higher sales, we continued to benefit from our manufacturing operations' strong performance and improved natural gas and freight costs.  These favorable outcomes offset a 4% increase in Selling, General and Administrative ("SG&A") expenses in the second quarter versus the prior year.  This increase represents the net effect of higher bonus accruals, a curtailment gain upon the freeze of our supplemental executive retirement plan, and lower consulting costs related to the ERP implementation in fiscal 2019.Our Business to Business Products Group's second quarter revenues decreased 8% compared to the prior year, primarily due to the loss of a large customer who purchased our traditional agricultural products.  This decline was partially offset by increased sales for our co-packaging coarse cat litter. Revenues of our fluid purification products were down 1% in the second quarter versus a year ago.  While we experienced an increase in demand for our edible oil purification products, primarily in Europe, a biodiesel processing customer closed its U.S. plant which negatively impacted sales.  Animal health and nutrition product revenues were flat for the quarter, reflecting growth of our feed additives in Mexico and Asia, excluding China, offset by declines in sales of our products in China.  Our business in Asia, including China, continues to be impacted by the African swine fever, as sales to pork producers have not fully recovered since the spread of the virus in fiscal 2019.  With the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), our sales office in China temporarily closed, due to restrictions from the Chinese government. The spread of the virus has also limited travel by our salesforce and delayed product shipments.Operating Income in the Business to Business Group was up 4% in the second quarter versus the prior year.  Decreased natural gas and freight costs helped offset an 11% increase in SG&A expenses over the prior year.  These higher SG&A costs reflect elevated product development costs, support, and compensation related expenses.The Retail and Wholesale Products Group experienced a 7% increase in revenues in the second quarter compared to the prior year.  Total domestic cat litter sales rose 10% in the quarter over last year, reflecting increases in both branded and private label litter products.  Revenues of our private label scoopable and coarse litter increased due to higher demand from both existing as well as new customers. In addition, we witnessed continued sales growth of our branded coarse cat litter and litter box liners.  Our subsidiary in Canada also contributed to this business segment's increase with gains in cat litter and industrial absorbents sales.Operating Income for the Retail and Wholesale Products Group reached a record $5.6 million in the second quarter compared to $2.7 million last year. Increased sales combined with lower natural gas and freight costs offset slightly higher SG&A costs.  A reduction in advertising expenses also occurred within the quarter.  However, we expect advertising spending in the remainder of the fiscal year to result in a higher total advertising expense for fiscal 2020 than for fiscal 2019."The Company will host its second quarter of fiscal 2020 earnings teleconference on Friday, March 6, 2020 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. Participation details are available on our website's events page.While Oil-Dri's founding product was granular clay floor absorbents, it has since greatly diversified its portfolio. The Company's mission to "Create Value from Sorbent Minerals" is supported by its wide array of consumer and business to business product offerings. In 2016, Oil-Dri celebrated its seventy-fifth year of business and looks forward to the next milestone."Oil-Dri ", "Amlan", and "Cat's Pride"  are registered trademarks of Oil-Dri Corporation of America. Certain statements in this press release may contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. In addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in other press releases or written statements, or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls, and conference calls. Words such as "expect," "outlook," "forecast," "would," "could," "should," "project," "intend," "plan," "continue," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "anticipate," "may," "assume," or variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially including, but not limited to, the dependence of our future growth and financial performance on successful new product introductions, intense competition in our markets, volatility of our quarterly results, risks associated with acquisitions, our dependence on a limited number of customers for a large portion of our net sales and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are described in Item 1A (Risk Factors) of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Should one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, intended, expected, believed, estimated, projected or planned. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Except to the extent required by law, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this press release, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise.Category: EarningsCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME    (unaudited)  (in thousands, except per share amounts)   Second Quarter Ended January 31       2020   % of Sales    2019   % of Sales Net Sales $71,005  100.0% $69,880  100.0%Cost of Sales (52,047) (73.3)% (54,476) (78.0)%Gross Profit 18,958  26.7% 15,404  22.0%Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (13,085) (18.4)% (12,577) (18.0)%Operating Income 5,873  8.3% 2,827  4.0%Interest Expense (103) (0.1)% (142) (0.2)%Other (Expense) Income (12) % 103  0.1%Income Before Income Taxes 5,758  8.1% 2,788  4.0%Income Tax Expense (1,009) (1.4)% (506) (0.7)%Net Income 4,749  6.7% 2,282  3.3%Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest (81) (0.1)% (5) %Net Income Attributable to Oil-Dri $4,830  6.8% $2,287  3.3%Net Income Per Share:     Basic Common$0.68    $0.33                                          Basic Class B Common$0.51    $0.25    Diluted Common$0.63    $0.30   Avg Shares Outstanding:Basic Common5,181    5,121                                          Basic Class B Common2,039    2,068                                          Diluted Common7,344    7,229              Six Months Ended January 31  2020 % of Sales 2019 % of SalesNet Sales $142,127  100.0% $136,023  100.0%Cost of Sales (103,234) (72.6)% (104,609) (76.9)%Gross Profit 38,893  27.4% 31,414  23.1%Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (28,899) (20.3)% (27,584) (20.3)%Operating Income 9,994  7.0% 3,830  2.8%Interest Expense (206) (0.1)% (293) (0.2)%Other Income 47  % 135  0.1%Income Before Income Taxes 9,835  6.9% 3,672  2.7%Income Tax Expense (1,626) (1.1)% (456) (0.3)%Net Income 8,209  5.8% 3,216  2.4%Net (Loss) Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest(157) (0.1)% 23  %Net Income Attributable to Oil-Dri $8,366  5.9% $3,193  2.4%Net Income Per Share:     Basic Common$1.19    $0.46    Basic Class B Common$0.89    $0.34                                          Diluted Common$1.09    $0.42   Avg Shares Outstanding: Basic Common5,164    5,099                                          Basic Class B Common2,045    2,069                                          Diluted Common7,321    7,242                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    (in thousands, except per share amounts)    (unaudited)           As of January 31  2020 2019Current Assets    Cash and Cash Equivalents $21,569  $9,375 Short-term Investments   480 Accounts Receivable, Net 35,699  38,282 Inventories 22,679  28,123 Prepaid Expenses and Other 6,234  6,040 Total Current Assets 86,181  82,300 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 89,831  86,193 Other Noncurrent Assets (1) 33,067  24,644 Total Assets $209,079  $193,137      Current Liabilities    Current Maturities of Notes Payable $3,067  $3,083 Accounts Payable 9,565  7,882 Dividends Payable 1,766  1,680 Other Current Liabilities 19,107  18,444 Total Current Liabilities 33,505  31,089 Noncurrent Liabilities    Notes Payable   3,038 Other Noncurrent Liabilities (1) 28,645  26,246 Total Noncurrent Liabilities 28,645  29,284 Stockholders' Equity 146,929  132,764 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $209,079  $193,137      Book Value Per Share Outstanding $20.38  $18.52      Acquisitions of:    Property, Plant and EquipmentSecond Quarter$3,386  $2,141  Year To Date$7,286  $6,199 Depreciation and Amortization ChargesSecond Quarter$3,460  $3,234  Year To Date$6,929  $6,539          (1) Amounts as of January 31, 2020 include right-of-use operating lease assets and related liabilities required by adoption of Accounting Standards Codification 842, Leases. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (in thousands)   (unaudited)        For the Six Months Ended January 31 2020 2019CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES   Net Income$8,209  $3,216 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash   provided by operating activities:   Depreciation and Amortization6,929  6,539 (Increase) in Accounts Receivable(434) (4,529)Decrease (Increase) in Inventories1,508  (5,607)Increase in Accounts Payable2,661  2,295 (Decrease) in Accrued Expenses(1,602) (1,390)(Decrease) Increase in Pension and Postretirement Benefits(5,536) 859 Other2,535  1,309 Total Adjustments6,061  (524)Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities14,270  2,692     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES   Capital Expenditures(7,286) (6,199)Net Dispositions of Investment Securities  6,654 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities(7,286) 455     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   Principal Payments on Long-Term Debt(3,083) (3,083)Dividends Paid(3,527) (3,287)Purchase of Treasury Stock(523) (135)Net Cash Used in Financing Activities(7,133) (6,505)    Effect of exchange rate changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents(144) (24)    Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents(293) (3,382)Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period21,862  12,757 Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period$21,569  $9,375         Contact:Leslie A. GarberManager of Investor RelationsOil-Dri Corporation of AmericaInvestorRelations@oildri.com(312) 321-1515Load-Date: March 5, 2020End of Document

Sonim Technologies Reports 2019 Financial Results, Restructuring UpdatePR NewswireMarch 11, 2020 Wednesday 8:30 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 2622 wordsDateline: SAN MATEO, Calif., March 11, 2020 BodyPR Newswire Sonim Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: SONM), a leading U.S. provider of ultra-rugged mobility solutions designed specifically for task workers physically engaged in their work environments, reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2019.Full Year 2019 Financial HighlightsNet revenues were $116.3 million, compared with $135.7 million in 2018 Gross profit was $34.5 million, compared with $48.1 million in 2018Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial HighlightsNet revenues were $17.2 million, compared with $46.5 million in Q4 2018 Gross profit was $4.2 million, compared with $18.2 million in Q4 2018 GAAP net loss totaled $8.3 million Adjusted EBITDA loss (a non-GAAP metric reconciled below) was $4.9 million"We have made meaningful progress on our restructuring plan over the past four months," said Tom Wilkinson, Chief Executive Officer. "Since joining Sonim late last year, I have worked with Bob Tirva, our CFO, to closely evaluate all aspects of our business. This includes product engineering and development, supply chain, sales and marketing, distribution, partnerships, strategic opportunities and administration. Within every function of Sonim's business, we have identified opportunities to streamline our operations and reduce costs. These changes are being implemented with rapid effect, such as a reduction in force of more than 200 positions worldwide. We are positioning Sonim to be leaner, more nimble and more effective in bringing our rugged mobility products to market so as to drive improvement in our operating results as we weather a challenging transition in our business and global economic uncertainty related to the COVID-19 virus, including specifically its impact in China."Restructuring UpdateSince November, management has proactively reorganized the company into a leaner, lower cost organization focused on a path to growth and profitability. The company has reduced its global headcount from approximately 700 employees at year-end 2018, to approximately 500 employees as of December 31, 2019. The company executed an additional reduction in force of approximately 10% of its US employees in February 2020. Sonim also intends to relocate its headquarters to Austin, Texas, a lower cost location, as swiftly as possible.  These actions are expected to result in a run-rate savings of approximately 20% (or $12 million) from the Company's 2019 operating expense run-rate, excluding one-time IPO related costs. Restructuring the company positions Sonim to stabilize its operations and invest for future growth."Sonim's board of directors has approved an operating plan for 2020 changing how we execute our business so that we can focus not only on the needs of our customers, but also on performing well for our shareholders. We will emerge stronger and solidify our position as the leader in the rugged mobility sector," said Wilkinson. "In addition to our actions on the operating cost side of the business, we have also taken steps to better align our inventory with our projected channel sales activity. We anticipate a challenging first portion of the year for 2020 as we make these adjustments, but we believe the adjustments are the necessary steps to realign Sonim's operations within the rugged mobility marketplace."Coronavirus ImpactSonim Technologies is closely monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 global outbreak with its top priority being the health and safety of its employees, customers, partners, and communities. While we believe our recent restructuring efforts will enable us to improve our supply chain and better address the global economic events related to the COVID-19 virus, there remains uncertainty related to the public health situation in China and elsewhere. Additionally, the Chinese government placed a moratorium on employment reductions while the crisis continues. As a result, restructuring in the Company's China operations has been deferred until the health crisis subsides and the moratorium is lifted. "The impact of COVID-19 has delayed the execution of certain portions of our planned restructuring actions in product development and supply chain, but at this point we believe our sales partners have ample inventory to continue meeting customer needs in the near term," said Wilkinson. "There is an increasing likelihood that our results could be negatively impacted by an interruption in the operation of our manufacturing facility in Shenzhen, China during the first quarter. The magnitude of any potential impact is unknown, as it is unclear how long it will take for the overall supply chain to return to normal. We continue to work closely with our partners and suppliers to manage this process appropriately."The Company will continue to refrain from offering forward looking guidance until the COVID-19 situation achieves greater resolution and additional actions in the restructuring plan are implemented.Conference ActivitySonim CEO Tom Wilkinson and CFO Bob Tirva will be participating in the Roth Conference on March 16, 2020, which has been converted to a virtual event due to COVID-19 concerns. Management will be available to meet with investors via meetings arranged through the Roth Capital sales team or by contacting Matt Kreps of Darrow Associates, investor relations for Sonim, atmkreps@darrowir.com to request a meeting.Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial ResultsNet revenues for the fourth quarter of 2019 decreased 63% to $17.2 million, from $46.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. The decrease in net revenues was primarily attributable to lower volumes for the XP8 smart phone and XP5 feature phones sold to both US & International carriers. Sonim's smartphones include the XP6, XP7, and XP8 models. The number of smartphone units sold during the three months ended December 31, 2019 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2018 decreased by 57%, primarily due to decreased demand for older XP7 and XP6 models, and slower than expected ramp of the XP8. Feature phones include the XP3, XP5, and XP5s models. The number of feature phone units sold during the three months ended December 31, 2019 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2018 decreased by 65%, primarily due to decreases in demand for the XP5s from several carriers. With introduction of the higher volume XP3 in the second quarter of 2019, feature phones represented about 46% of unit sales in Q4 of 2019, compared to approximately 51% in Q4 of 2018. Gross profit for the fourth quarter of 2019 decreased 77% to $4.2 million (24% of net revenues) from $18.2 million (39% of net revenues) in the fourth quarter of 2018. The decrease in gross profit was primarily attributable to the decrease in revenue, changes in product mix, a one-time reserve adjustment of $1.0 million related to inventory reserves in the three months ended December 31, 2019, and $0.4 million in amortized fulfillment costs as a result of the adoption of ASC 606. On a non-GAAP basis, adding back these one-time non-cash costs, adjusted gross profit would have been $5.6 million (33% of net sales).Net loss attributable to common stockholders for the fourth quarter of 2019 totaled $8.3 million or $(0.41) per basic share (based on 20.4 million shares), compared to net income attributable to common stockholders of $3.2 million, or $0.31 per basic share (based on 10.5 million shares), in the fourth quarter of 2018. The higher net loss attributable to common stockholders of $11.5 million for the fourth quarter 2019 compared to the fourth quarter 2018 was primarily driven by a decrease in gross profit of $14.0 million and lower operating expenses of $1.1 million as compared to the fourth quarter of 2018.Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP metric reconciled below) for the fourth quarter of 2019 decreased $10.7 million to a loss of $4.9 million, compared to a gain of $5.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to an increase in net loss.Full Year 2019 Financial ResultsNet revenues for the year ended 2019 decreased 14% to $116.3 million from $135.7 million in the year ended 2018. The decrease in net revenues was primarily due a decrease in average sales price due to changes in product mix and a decrease in professional service revenue.Gross profit for the year ended 2019 was $34.5 million (30% of net revenues) compared with $48.1 million (35% of net revenues) in the year ended 2018. The decline in gross profit was primarily due to the one-time reserve of $3.1 million noted previously, changes in product mix and $1.5 million in amortized fulfillment costs as a result of  the adoption ASC 606.Net loss attributable to common stockholders for the year ended 2019 totaled $25.8 million, or $(1.39) per basic share (based on 18.6 million shares), compared to net loss attributable to common stockholders of $8.9 million, or $(2.57) per basic share (based on 3.4 million shares), for the year ended 2018. The higher net loss attributable to common stockholders for the year ended 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily driven by a decrease in gross profit of $13.6 million and an increase in operating expenses of $14.2 million, offset in part by the absence of a $10.2 million non-cash dividend payout in 2018 related to shares of convertible Series A, Series A-1 and Series A-2 preferred stock. Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP metric reconciled below) for the year ended 2019 decreased by $19.3 million to a loss of $12.4 million from a gain of $6.9 million for the year ended 2018. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to an increase in net loss of $27.1 million, lower interest expense of $0.3 million and decrease in warrant valuation of $0.9 million, partially offset by an increase of $6.3 million in stock-based compensation expense, an increase in depreciation and amortization of $3.5 million and $0.7 million in one-time restructuring costs. Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresSonim provides Non-GAAP information to assist investors in assessing its operations in the way that its management evaluates those operations. Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure of the Company's performance that is not required by, and is not determined in accordance with, GAAP. Non-GAAP financial information is not a substitute for any financial measure determined in accordance with GAAP.We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude the impact of stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, income tax expense, change in fair value of warrant liability and one-time restructuring costs. Adjusted EBITDA is a useful financial metric in assessing our operating performance from period to period by excluding certain items that we believe are not representative of our core business.We believe that Adjusted EBITDA, viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of, our reported GAAP results, provide useful information to investors regarding our performance and overall results of operations for various reasons, including:     non-cash equity grants made to employees at a certain price do not necessarily reflect the performance of our business at such time, and as such, stock-based compensation expense is not a key measure of our operating performance; and costs associated with certain one-time events, such as changes in fair value of warrant liability and restructuring costs, are not considered a key measure of our operating performance.We use Adjusted EBITDA:as a measure of operating performance; for planning purposes, including the preparation of budgets and forecasts; to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business; to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies; to periodically assess compliance with certain covenants and other provisions under our credit facilities; in communications with our board of directors concerning our financial performance; and as a consideration in determining compensation for certain key employees.Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include:it does not reflect all cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital needs; it does not reflect interest expense on our debt or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments; and other companies in our industry may define and/or calculate this metric differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.Set forth below is a reconciliation from net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for the three months and years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively:About Sonim Technologies, Inc.Sonim Technologies is a leading U.S. provider of ultra-rugged mobility solutions designed specifically for task workers physically engaged in their work environments, often in mission-critical roles. The Sonim solution includes ultra-rugged mobile phones, a suite of industrial-grade accessories, and data and workflow applications which are collectively designed to increase worker productivity, communication and safety on the job site. For more information, visithttp://www.sonimtech.com.Important Cautions Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to, among other things, future growth, profitability, continued market acceptance of the Company's products. These forward-looking statements are based on Sonim's current expectations, estimates and projections about its business and industry, management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by the Company, all of which are subject to change. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as, "future", "believe," "expect," "may," "will," "intend," "estimate," "continue," or similar expressions or the negative of those terms or expressions. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to vary materially from those expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially include Sonim's ability to continue to generate positive cash flow, and ability to be profitable; anticipated trends, such as the use of and demand for its products; its ability to attract and retain customers to purchase and use its products; its ability to attract wireless carriers as customers for its products; the evolution of technology affecting its products and markets; its ability to successfully address the technical issues identified with respect to its products; its ability to introduce new products and enhance existing products, as well as the other potential factors described under "Risk Factors" included in Sonim's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2019 and other documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (available athttp://www.sec.gov). Sonim cautions you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect an analysis only and speak only as of the date hereof. Sonim assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this release, except as required by law. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sonim-technologies-reports-2019-financial-results-restructuring-update-301021465.htmlSOURCE Sonim Technologies, Inc.CONTACT: Sonim Technologies Bob Tirva, Chief Financial Officer, Sonim Technologies, Inc., (650) 378-8100; Matt Kreps, Managing Director, Darrow Associates Investor Relations, mkreps@darrowir.com, (214) 597-8200Load-Date: March 11, 2020End of Document

Small businesses deserve support during COVID-19 outbreakFlat Hat: College of William and MaryApril 8, 2020 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 912 wordsByline: Gavin Aquin HernándezBodyOPINION | AQUIN-HERNÁNDEZ: Small businesses need support to navigate the perils of the COVID-19 era.For students at the College of William and Mary, this week officially marks one month since we embarked for spring break - many of us leaving campus for potentially the last time. The past month has brought a slew of negative consequences for all Americans, not just students at the College. The rapid growth of COVID-19 has forced more than 100 million people in the United States into a government-mandated lockdown, according to the Wall Street Journal. Consequently, nearly 10 million Americans have filed for unemployment insurance, according to the New York Times, while the economy has begun its plunge into a global recession.Does that sound dire to you?It should. In fact, it should set off all the proverbial alarms in your head that for the near future, things aren't going to be normal.In times of nearly universal crisis, one would assume that all affected by our new normal could come together and find some humanity. More specifically, this means placing aside petty partisan politics while working toward the common goal of restoring any sense of order and regularity to our crazy world.Unfortunately, this is not the case. A quick view of anyone's Facebook feed exposes the keyboard warriors in one's friends list. Liberals will tout the news that the United States now has the highest number of reported coronavirus cases throughout the world as a "progressive victory" against President Donald Trump, notwithstanding the problematic insinuations that people's lives should somehow constitute a chess game of political opportunism in Washington.As an aside, I still find it a ludicrous notion that the media hold any regard to China's reported numbers because the Chinese government has lied its way throughout this whole crisis.Conversely, the President's initial mishandling and downplaying of the novel virus cost us precious weeks, lives and money and does merit criticism. As an American and Mexican dual citizen, I lament the fact that Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has continued down the same initial haughty path of ignorant self-destruction, instead of learning from the mistakes made by other world leaders, including, but not limited to, our president.In passing the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act for short, politicians took a step in the right direction for our country in a glowing act of bipartisanship, stained only by the partisan resistance of a few stragglers. Though not without its flaws, the bill contained two very important provisions: stimulus checks for low-income taxpayers - both citizens and documented immigrants - and financial support for small businesses."However, this support is not granted as it should be for many small businesses that lack the capacity to navigate the bureaucracy of the Small Business Administration and its rigorous application procedure. With over half of new small businesses founded in the past decade being owned by minorities, many owners struggle with a language barrier, making it even more difficult for the most vulnerable to navigate such a daunting bureaucratic process."However, this support is not granted as it should be for many small businesses that lack the capacity to navigate the bureaucracy of the Small Business Administration and its rigorous application procedure. With over half of new small businesses founded in the past decade being owned by minorities, many owners struggle with a language barrier, making it even more difficult for the most vulnerable to navigate such a daunting bureaucratic process.Consequently, as members of our own communities - whether that be in Williamsburg, the rest of Virginia, across the United States or even around the world - we must do our part to support small businesses as best we can. As the employers of nearly half of the private workforce, according to the SBA, small businesses are quite literally the backbone of America.  It is imperative that we allow these businesses the capacity to function. Without small businesses - many of whom are suppliers - hospitals will not be equipped with the necessary resources they need to save lives.If we don't support them now, and therefore their employees, then by the time the world economy can spiral toward normalcy, we'll be overrun by big-name corporations who don't quite care as much about your community as you might. I have made sure to support small businesses located in Nevada as much as I can. Though I'm a college student without a bunch of steady income or a trust fund, I still try to tip well when I order takeout from local restaurants. Even if you don't have much money, the likelihood is that you know someone who does - so recommend them your favorite places.Growing up in Las Vegas during the Great Recession, I know how depressing it can be to find entire strip malls purged of "mom 'n pop" shops that couldn't make rent because tourists stopped spending money, causing local workers to lose their expendable income. I saw my neighbors foreclose out of their residences of years or even decades, only to be replaced by the nouveau-riche caste coming out of California. That was 12 years ago, though. If we can play our cards right, we can unite around our future - flattening the curve and stimulating our economy before it's too late. Otherwise, 2008 will seem like a good time compared to what's coming next.Load-Date: April 8, 2020End of Document

PENTAGON'S JOINT AI CENTER DIRECTOR CALLS FOR INDEPENDENT BUYING AUTHORITYInside the Air ForceMay 29, 2020Copyright 2020 Inside Washington Publishers All Rights ReservedLength: 610 wordsBody Posted May 22, 2020The director of the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center says his organization needs its own acquisition authorities because relying on third parties is too slow.During a May 21 webinar hosted by AFCEA, Lt. Gen. Jack Shanahan, director of the JAIC, was asked how the center is exploring the best methods for acquiring AI software and algorithms."It's something we spend a lot of time talking about every single day," Shanahan said. "What I need honestly is our own acquisition authorities in the JAIC."JAIC currently works with third-party organizations for acquisition and contracting, including the Defense Information Systems Agency, the Defense Innovation Unit and the General Services Administration. For instance, JAIC awarded Booz Allen Hamilton a potential five-year, $800 million contract using a GSA ordering agreement earlier this week.Shanahan was quick to laud those organizations for the work they've done with the JAIC, but he argued the center needs its own acquisition authorities to field AI capabilities at the speed he believes is necessary."GSA Center of Excellence has been our best possible partner," Shanahan said. "DISA has moved rapidly at the sound of our guns, but it's not going to be fast enough as we start putting more and more money into this capability development. We need our own acquisition authority. We have to move fast; we acknowledge we have to move faster."The center was established two years ago under the Defense Department chief information officer. It serves as the "focal point" for DOD's AI development and fielding efforts, working with the military services on a range of initiatives.The JAIC was allocated $242 million this fiscal year, and the Pentagon is proposing a $290 million budget for the center in fiscal year 2021.Though he is expected to retire this summer, Shanahan said he wants to ensure the JAIC and DOD writ large are positioned to compete with the Chinese government in the speed and scale of its AI adoption. He pointed to a recent headline in the South China Morning Post, "China has new US$1.4 trillion plan to seize the world's tech crown from the US.""We know what their intent is," Shanahan said. "I'd say on capability, we're still more than holding our own when it comes to artificial intelligence, but we know what the intent is. We know the resource levels they're putting against it. So, we ought to be thinking very hard about how fast we should be going in the department."The center's top priority this year is its "Joint Warfighting Operations" initiative. The program aims to apply AI and machine learning to various tasks and operations, such as developing faster calls-for-fire, "smart sensors," and accelerated "sensor-to-shooter timelines," according to Shanahan.He also said the initiative includes developing AI and machine learning capabilities for the Joint All Domain Command-and-Control initiative."We're not here to build JADC2," Shanahan said. "We're here to build AI-enabled solutions that stitch seams together from all the services who are building some version of JADC2 or multidomain operations command-and-control, whatever you want to call it."With the contract awarded earlier this week, Booz Allen is now the prime integrator for the Joint Warfighting Operations initiative. But Shanahan said the company's team of subcontractors is not baked into the contract, as Booz Allen will be responsible for bringing in new companies as task orders are developed."They understand this was part of the RFP itself and the competition was what each company's processes were for bringing on other tech companies," Shanahan said. -- Justin DoubledayLoad-Date: May 29, 2020End of Document

Bright Scholar Schedules Unaudited Financial Results for FY2020 Second Fiscal Quarter Ended February 29, 2020PR NewswireApril 9, 2020 Thursday 6:00 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 625 wordsDateline: FOSHAN, China, April 9, 2020 BodyPR Newswire Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited ("Bright Scholar," the "Company," "we" or "our" ) (NYSE: BEDU), a global premier education service company, today announced that it will release its unaudited financial results for the second fiscal quarter ended February 29, 2020, on April 28, 2020, after the US market closes.The earnings press release will be available on the investor relations page athttp://ir.brightscholar.com.Conference CallBEDU's management will host a conference call at8:00 am US Eastern Time (8:00 pm Beijing/Hong Kong Time) on April 29, 2020, to discuss its quarterly results and recent business activities.To participate in the conference call, please dial the following number five to ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time:*No passcode is needed for the call. Please request to join Bright Scholar Education Holdings Ltd.'s call as you dial in.The Company will also broadcast a live audio webcast of the conference call. The webcast will be available athttp://ir.brightscholar.com/.Following the earnings conference call, an archive of the call will be available by dialing:About Bright ScholarEducation Holdings LimitedBright Scholar is a global premier education service company. The Company is dedicated to providing quality international education to global students and equipping them with the critical academic foundation and skillsets necessary to succeed in the pursuit of higher education. Bright Scholar also complements its international offerings with Chinese government-mandated curriculum for students who wish to maintain the option of pursuing higher education in China. As of November 30, 2019, Bright Scholar operated 80 schools across ten provinces in China and eight schools overseas, covering the breadth of K-12 academic needs of its students. In the quarter ended November 30, 2019, Bright Scholar had an average of 51,865 students enrolled at its schools. As of November 30, 2019, Bright Scholar has a global network of 88 schools, and a total student capacity of 67,194 students.Safe Harbor StatementThis announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the Company's business plans and development, which can be identified by terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "aim," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "potential," "continue," "is/are likely to" or other similar expressions. Such statements are based upon management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control, which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties or factors is included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under law.IR Contact:GCM Strategic CommunicationsEmail:BEDU.IR@gcm.internationalMedia Contact:Email:media@brightscholar.comPhone: +86-757-6683-2507 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bright-scholar-schedules-unaudited-financial-results-for-fy2020-second-fiscal-quarter-ended-february-29-2020-301038085.htmlSOURCE Bright Scholar Education Holdings Ltd.Load-Date: April 9, 2020End of Document

Ohio-Based Facemasks for All Secures Supply Chain to Provide Non-Medical Masks for Businesses Prepared to Reopen; Facemask demand is expected to exceed supply when employees begin returning to the workplace.PR NewswireApril 27, 2020 Monday 8:00 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 774 wordsDateline: COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 27, 2020 BodyPR NewswireCOLUMBUS, Ohio, April 27, 2020 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- Facemasks for All is equipped to distribute millions of three-ply, non-surgical facemasks to Ohio businesses and other organizations as they start to welcome employees back into offices, restaurants and other gathering places. While specific requirements in Ohio are expected to be announced later today by Governor Mike DeWine, several businesses and organizations are already anticipating making masks part of their reopening plans. Seven states (Connecticut, Hawaii, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island) already mandated facemask usage for businesses.Masks from Facemasks for All are available in minimum quantities of 2,000. Costs depend on quantity requested, payment terms and desired delivery timeline. The average cost per mask is lower than $0.90 and is less than $0.66 cents when pre-paying with eight to ten days of lead time. Facemasks for All, which is utilizing a just-in-time inventory strategy to eliminate storage costs, has access to up to 100,000 masks available for next-day delivery. Additional quantities can be provided within four to ten days.Businesses and organizations interested in obtaining masks should reach out directly atfacemasksforall.com. The company has the resources to equip every worker in Columbus with a facemask within seven to ten days, and all of Ohio within two weeks, according to Darryl Tanner, chief executive officer, Facemasks for All."As we saw with facemasks for our healthcare workers, demand is going to exceed supply when employees return to the workplace," Tanner said. "This is a rapidly-growing global industry that was seemingly created just months ago out of nowhere. And while facemasks are only one of several measures important to creating a new American culture of public health and safety, they are a proven – and visible – tactic to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus."A large portion of the proceeds from the commercial sale of the masks will cover the costs of Facemasks for All donations to nonprofit organizations and municipalities, along with advocacy, lobbying, education and overhead. The company has already distributed more than 430,000 masks to various entities, including the donation of 20,500 masks to central Ohio firefighter and police organizations as well as the Ohio National Guard and The Central Ohio Transit Authority (COTA)."The Fraternal Order of Police is extremely grateful for Mr. Tanner's generosity by donating masks to Ohio law enforcement," said Jason Pappas, vice president, Fraternal Order of Police of Ohio. "The donation allows our departments to conserve supplies of personal protective equipment and prevent the spread of COVID-19 in our communities."Tanner is also the chief executive officer of Columbus-based technology company King Memory. Darryl's passion for supplying masks came as a result of his late-January visit to meet potential King Memory suppliers in Taiwan, as well as visiting his sister in Japan."I couldn't help but notice every person in public was wearing a facemask in both Tokyo and Taipei. Wearing facemasks in these countries was part of everyday life before COVID-19, so there was no cultural resistance to implementing facemask usage to slow the spread of the virus," Tanner said. "As a result, the global pandemic has not been as severe in places such as Taiwan, Japan and South Korea in comparison to the western world. I wanted to lend my experience in building high-growth companies and navigating fast-paced, evolving and fractured supply chains to quickly get a face mask to as many people as possible. I believe we cannot begin reopening the economy until everyone is wearing a facemask."Facemasks for All, which is equipped with U.S.-based distributers with physical stock, is also currently verifying 12 manufacturers located in China with a combined daily production capacity of 14 million masks. These manufacturers are registered with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and are either currently approved by the Chinese government or have an application in process. China is verifying every manufacturer for quality and only permitting manufacturers that pass certain criteria to be allowed to export personal protective equipment including facemasks."Ohio business and governmental leaders have shown great resourcefulness and creativity to help fight the COVID-19 public health pandemic," Tanner concluded. "I feel a responsibility to do whatever I can as well. We truly are #InThisTogetherOhio."For more information on Facemasks for All, please visithttp://www.facemasksforall.com.SOURCE Facemasks for AllLoad-Date: April 27, 2020End of Document

FBI concerned about potential for hate crimes during coronavirus pandemicCNN.comApril 21, 2020 Tuesday 4:48 PM ESTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICSLength: 1083 wordsByline: By Josh CampbellBodyFederal investigators are concerned about the potential for hate crimes against minorities in the wake of the unprecedented coronavirus pandemic, according to the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.In a letter Monday to law enforcement officials around the country, and obtained by CNN, FBI Director Christopher Wray wrote that his agency remains "concerned about the potential for hate crimes by individuals and groups targeting minority populations in the United States who they believe are responsible for the spread of the virus."Wray's letter also outlined other investigative priorities for the FBI, including countering fraud schemes, cyber criminals attempting to take advantage of innocent victims, and the hoarding and reselling of critical medical supplies.Stopping the spread of hateWhile public health officials work to institute measures aimed at stopping the spread of the virus, law enforcement in the United States has also had to focus on a number of incidents in recent weeks involving the suspected targeting of Asian Americans.In early April, four teenage girls were charged with hate crimes after police said they attacked a woman on a New York bus, made "anti-Asian statements" toward her, and told her she caused coronavirus.Police said the four suspects attacked the 51-year-old victim on an MTA bus in the Bronx. They called her an expletive, said she caused coronavirus, and asked her why she wasn't wearing a mask, NYPD Lt. Thomas Antonetti told CNN.One of the suspects struck the woman's head with an umbrella before all four of them fled the bus, according to police. The wound required stitches at a local hospital, police said.CNN has previously noted that reports of attacks against Asian people and those appearing to be East Asian have intensified after the novel coronavirus outbreak began in China.The NYPD Hate Crime Task Force said it has investigated 11 cases in which Asian victims were targeted due to the coronavirus since the start of the outbreak.In Los Angeles, a woman was berated by an irate passenger who singled her out on the subway, claiming Chinese people are putrid and responsible for all diseases.Tanny Jiraprapasuke, who is Thai American, said the man ranted for about 10 minutes and was specifically looking and gesturing at her.She started recording the tirade as the man lectured another passenger."Every disease has ever came (sic) from China, homie," the man said, adding "everything comes from China because they're f****** disgusting."Hate crimes remain at heightened levelsFBI Director Wray's letter to law enforcement this week follows an intelligence report obtained in March by ABC News warning of a potential surge in hate crimes against Asian Americans."The FBI assesses hate crime incidents against Asian Americans likely will surge across the United States, due to the spread of coronavirus disease ... endangering Asian American communities," according to the FBI intelligence report obtained by ABC. "The FBI makes this assessment based on the assumption that a portion of the US public will associate COVID-19 with China and Asian American populations."Late last year, the FBI, which tracks national crime trends and statistics, announced that the number of hate crime incidents reported to the agency by law enforcement in 2018 remained at the heightened levels they surged to in 2017.The statistics released in the annual Hate Crime Statistics report were a compilation of bias-motivated incidents submitted to the FBI by 16,039 law enforcement agencies. The latest report found that 7,120 hate crime incidents were reported by law enforcement agencies to the FBI in 2018, just 55 fewer than had been reported in 2017. Between 2016 and 2017, the FBI found a 17% increase in reported incidents.In the letter to law enforcement this week from Wray, the bureau's chief told state and local officials around the country the FBI will continue to investigate potential hate crimes and other incidents associated with the Covid-19 pandemic."We'll stay focused on these kinds of investigations," Wray wrote, "and we welcome any referrals your agency might have on similar incidents."While not commenting on the letter obtained by CNN, a bureau spokesperson said, "As part of the continuous dialogue with our law enforcement partners, the FBI routinely shares information about potential threats to better enable law enforcement to protect the communities they serve. We urge the public to remain vigilant and report suspicious activity to law enforcement."In addition to the FBI's recent concerns about the potential targeting of minorities associated with the spread of coronavirus, federal officials have also provided state and local counterparts with general warnings about potential violence by domestic terrorists.In an intelligence bulletin obtained by CNN ahead of the recent 25th anniversary of the 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing, the FBI and Department of Homeland Security warned that domestic terrorists are likely to continue to target racial minorities, religious groups, law enforcement and government agencies."The mass shooting attacks and violent hate crimes perpetrated in the United States since January 2019 and the multiple disrupted plots thus far in 2020 underscore the continued threat," read the bulletin.Potential for violenceWhile law enforcement works to stop potential threats, outside experts remain concerned about an apparent heightened state of racist and discriminatory attacks against minorities by those spewing hateful rhetoric during the coronavirus pandemic.In a study released this month by the Network Contagion Research Institute, an independent third party that tracks misinformation and hate across social media channels, researchers found the coronavirus pandemic has coincided with a surge in Sinophobic, or anti-Chinese, sentiments -- especially online.The report, which surveyed discriminatory rhetoric posted in online forums popular with hate groups, noted that "hateful communities may serve as sources of spread for disinformation and propaganda during politically volatile events for purposes of hate."The study noted that one conspiracy theory researchers identified online suggested coronavirus is a bioweapon created by China's government and transmitted by Chinese people.According to Alex Goldenberg, one of the study's authors, "We are seeing instances where this Asian conspiracy is seeping into the mainstream, and an outgrowth of that could very well be violence."Load-Date: April 21, 2020End of Document

FBI concerned about potential for hate crimes during coronavirus pandemicCNN WireApril 21, 2020 Tuesday 8:48 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1133 wordsDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  Federal investigators are concerned about the potential for hate crimes against minorities in the wake of the unprecedented coronavirus pandemic, according to the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. In a letter Monday to law enforcement officials around the country, and obtained by CNN, FBI Director Christopher Wray wrote that his agency remains "concerned about the potential for hate crimes by individuals and groups targeting minority populations in the United States who they believe are responsible for the spread of the virus."Wray's letter also outlined other investigative priorities for the FBI, including countering fraud schemes, cyber criminals attempting to take advantage of innocent victims, and the hoarding and reselling of critical medical supplies. Stopping the spread of hateWhile public health officials work to institute measures aimed at stopping the spread of the virus, law enforcement in the United States has also had to focus on a number of incidents in recent weeks involving the suspected targeting of Asian Americans. In early April, four teenage girls were charged with hate crimes after police said they attacked a woman on a New York bus, made "anti-Asian statements" toward her, and told her she caused coronavirus. Police said the four suspects attacked the 51-year-old victim on an MTA bus in the Bronx. They called her an expletive, said she caused coronavirus, and asked her why she wasn't wearing a mask, NYPD Lt. Thomas Antonetti told CNN. One of the suspects struck the woman's head with an umbrella before all four of them fled the bus, according to police. The wound required stitches at a local hospital, police said. CNN has previously noted that reports of attacks against Asian people and those appearing to be East Asian have intensified after the novel coronavirus outbreak began in China. The NYPD Hate Crime Task Force said it has investigated 11 cases in which Asian victims were targeted due to the coronavirus since the start of the outbreak.In Los Angeles, a woman was berated by an irate passenger who singled her out on the subway, claiming Chinese people are putrid and responsible for all diseases. Tanny Jiraprapasuke, who is Thai American, said the man ranted for about 10 minutes and was specifically looking and gesturing at her. She started recording the tirade as the man lectured another passenger. "Every disease has ever came (sic) from China, homie," the man said, adding "everything comes from China because they're f****** disgusting."Hate crimes remain at heightened levelsFBI Director Wray's letter to law enforcement this week follows an intelligence report obtained in March by ABC News warning of a potential surge in hate crimes against Asian Americans. "The FBI assesses hate crime incidents against Asian Americans likely will surge across the United States, due to the spread of coronavirus disease ... endangering Asian American communities," according to the FBI intelligence report obtained by ABC. "The FBI makes this assessment based on the assumption that a portion of the US public will associate COVID-19 with China and Asian American populations."Late last year, the FBI, which tracks national crime trends and statistics, announced that the number of hate crime incidents reported to the agency by law enforcement in 2018 remained at the heightened levels they surged to in 2017. The statistics released in the annual Hate Crime Statistics report were a compilation of bias-motivated incidents submitted to the FBI by 16,039 law enforcement agencies. The latest report found that 7,120 hate crime incidents were reported by law enforcement agencies to the FBI in 2018, just 55 fewer than had been reported in 2017. Between 2016 and 2017, the FBI found a 17% increase in reported incidents.In the letter to law enforcement this week from Wray, the bureau's chief told state and local officials around the country the FBI will continue to investigate potential hate crimes and other incidents associated with the Covid-19 pandemic. "We'll stay focused on these kinds of investigations," Wray wrote, "and we welcome any referrals your agency might have on similar incidents."While not commenting on the letter obtained by CNN, a bureau spokesperson said, "As part of the continuous dialogue with our law enforcement partners, the FBI routinely shares information about potential threats to better enable law enforcement to protect the communities they serve. We urge the public to remain vigilant and report suspicious activity to law enforcement." In addition to the FBI's recent concerns about the potential targeting of minorities associated with the spread of coronavirus, federal officials have also provided state and local counterparts with general warnings about potential violence by domestic terrorists. In an intelligence bulletin obtained by CNN ahead of the recent 25th anniversary of the 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing, the FBI and Department of Homeland Security warned that domestic terrorists are likely to continue to target racial minorities, religious groups, law enforcement and government agencies. "The mass shooting attacks and violent hate crimes perpetrated in the United States since January 2019 and the multiple disrupted plots thus far in 2020 underscore the continued threat," read the bulletin.Potential for violenceWhile law enforcement works to stop potential threats, outside experts remain concerned about an apparent heightened state of racist and discriminatory attacks against minorities by those spewing hateful rhetoric during the coronavirus pandemic. In a study released this month by the Network Contagion Research Institute, an independent third party that tracks misinformation and hate across social media channels, researchers found the coronavirus pandemic has coincided with a surge in Sinophobic, or anti-Chinese, sentiments -- especially online.The report, which surveyed discriminatory rhetoric posted in online forums popular with hate groups, noted that "hateful communities may serve as sources of spread for disinformation and propaganda during politically volatile events for purposes of hate."The study noted that one conspiracy theory researchers identified online suggested coronavirus is a bioweapon created by China's government and transmitted by Chinese people.According to Alex Goldenberg, one of the study's authors, "We are seeing instances where this Asian conspiracy is seeping into the mainstream, and an outgrowth of that could very well be violence." CNN's Geneva Sands, Jessie Yeung, Scottie Andrew, Joe Sutton, Taylor Romine, Holly Yan, Natasha Chen, Dushyant Naresh, Alice Yu, Shawn Nottingham and Dave Alsup contributed to this report. TM & © 2020 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 21, 2020End of Document

Global Machine Control System Industry Report, 2020-2027: Geographic Information System (GIS) Collectors Projected to Exhibit Huge DemandPR NewswireApril 6, 2020 Monday 6:45 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 856 wordsDateline: DUBLIN, April 6, 2020 BodyPR NewswireThe"Machine Control System - Global Market Outlook (2018-2027)"report has been added toResearchAndMarkets.com'soffering.The Global Machine Control System Market accounted for $4.17 billion in 2018 and is expected to reach $9.99 billion by 2027, growing at a CAGR of 10.2% during the forecast period.Growing safety concerns associated with workforce and heavy construction equipments need for quicker work and effectiveness during tighter timelines, and growth of construction industry are the factors driving market growth. However, high initial investment may hinder market growth.By type, geographic information system (GIS) Collectors segment is likely to have a huge demand during the forecast period. GNSS has applications in a variety of fields. It is installed in equipment such as bulldozers, pavers, and other farm machinery to increase productivity and offer situational alertness to the field operators. They help increase the accuracy of machines and are used in task management, data management, and theft detection applications.Based on geography, Asia Pacific is going to have a lucrative growth during the forecast period owing to the advancements in agricultural practices involving precision farming. China is the largest market among all countries in the region. The Chinese government supports the expansion of infrastructural projects which is a major factor that propels the growth of the machine control system market.Some of the key players profiled in the Machine Control System Market include Schneider Electric, ABB Group, Hexagon (Leica Geosystems AG), Moba Mobile Automation AG, RIB Software AG, Mitsui Co, EOS Positioning Systems, Hemisphere GNSS, Caterpillar, Komatsu Ltd, Belden Inc, Topcon Corporation, Trimble Inc, Prolec Ltd, and Andritz.What the report offers:Market share assessments for the regional and country-level segments Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Covers Market data for the years 2017, 2018, 2019, 2023 and 2027 Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic analysis: Drivers and Constraints, Product/Technology Analysis, Porter's five forces analysis, SWOT analysis, etc. Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancementsKey Topics Covered1 Executive Summary2 Preface3 Market Trend Analysis3.1 Introduction3.2 Drivers3.3 Restraints3.4 Opportunities3.5 Threats3.6 End User Analysis3.7 Emerging Markets3.8 Futuristic Market Scenario4 Porters Five Force Analysis5 Global Machine Control System Market, By Equipment5.1 Introduction5.2 Loaders5.3 Dozers5.4 Excavators5.5 Paving Systems5.6 Drillers & Pilers5.7 Scrapers5.8 Graders6 Global Machine Control System Market, By Type6.1 Introduction6.2 Geographic Information System (GIS) Collectors6.3 Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS)6.4 Total Stations6.5 Sensors6.6 Laser6.7 Antennas6.8 Airborne Systems6.9 Handheld Devices & Tablets7 Global Machine Control System Market, By End User7.1 Introduction7.2 Residential7.3 Commercial7.4 Industrial7.4.1 Marine7.4.2 Utilities7.4.3 Mining7.5 Infrastructure7.5.1 Construction7.5.2 Transportation7.6 Waste Management7.7 Agriculture8 Global Machine Control System Market, By Geography8.1 Introduction8.2 North America8.2.1 US8.2.2 Canada8.2.3 Mexico8.3 Europe8.3.1 Germany8.3.2 UK8.3.3 Italy8.3.4 France8.3.5 Spain8.3.6 Rest of Europe8.4 Asia Pacific8.4.1 Japan8.4.2 China8.4.3 India8.4.4 Australia8.4.5 New Zealand8.4.6 South Korea8.4.7 Rest of Asia Pacific8.5 South America8.5.1 Argentina8.5.2 Brazil8.5.3 Chile8.5.4 Rest of South America8.6 Middle East & Africa8.6.1 Saudi Arabia8.6.2 UAE8.6.3 Qatar8.6.4 South Africa8.6.5 Rest of Middle East & Africa9 Key Developments9.1 Agreements, Partnerships, Collaborations and Joint Ventures9.2 Acquisitions & Mergers9.3 New Product Launch9.4 Expansions9.5 Other Key Strategies10 Company Profiling10.1 Schneider Electric10.2 ABB Group10.3 Hexagon (Leica Geosystems AG)10.4 Moba Mobile Automation AG10.5 RIB Software AG10.6 Mitsui Co.10.7 EOS Positioning Systems10.8 Hemisphere GNSS10.9 Caterpillar10.10 Komatsu Ltd.10.11 Belden Inc.10.12 Topcon Corporation10.13 Trimble Inc.10.14 Prolec Ltd.10.15 AndritzFor more information about this report visithttps://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/vwo2c5Research and Markets also offersCustom Researchservices providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.Media Contact:Research and MarketsLaura Wood, Senior Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-machine-control-system-industry-report-2020-2027-geographic-information-system-gis-collectors-projected-to-exhibit-huge-demand-301035162.htmlSOURCE Research and MarketsLoad-Date: April 6, 2020End of Document

Trump signs bill to help telecoms replace Huawei equipmentAssociated Press InternationalMarch 13, 2020 Friday 1:04 AM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICAL NEWSLength: 291 wordsByline: By KEVIN FREKING, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump on Thursday signed into law a bill that provides $1 billion to help small telecom providers replace equipment made by China's Huawei and ZTE.The U.S. government considers the Chinese companies a security risk and has pushed its allies not to use Huawei equipment in next-generation cellular networks, known as 5G. Both companies have denied that China uses their products for spying.The Federal Communications Commission has already voted to bar U.S. phone companies from using government subsidies for equipment from the two Chinese companies. This bill affects mostly small, rural companies, because the major U.S. network providers don't use the Chinese equipment.The White House said that using untrustworthy vendors to build communications infrastructure threatens national security by exposing networks to actors who are potentially influenced by foreign entities.The legislation creates a reimbursement program that small telecom providers can use when removing and replacing equipment manufactured by entities deemed to pose unacceptable national security risks. The bill is aimed at telecom providers with fewer than 2 million customers."The administration will not risk subjecting America's critical telecommunications infrastructure to companies that are controlled by authoritarian governments or foreign adversaries," the White House said in a statement.Donald Morrissey, a Huawei spokesman, said the bill was an "unrealistic attempt to fix what isn't broken" and will hurt local consumers."This legislation remains considerably underfunded, will take longer than anticipated to fulfill and will put at risk some of Huawei's customers, who operate in the most under-served areas," Morrissey said.Load-Date: March 13, 2020End of Document

Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia: A Survey of Fintech Research and Policy DiscussionTargeted News ServiceMay 28, 2020 Thursday 8:20 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 6691 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania BodyThe Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia issued the following white paper by senior economist Julapa Jagtiani, Franklin Allen, professor at Imperial College London, and Xian Gu, professor at Central University of Finance and Economics and visiting lecturer at the University of Pennsylvania, and entitled "A Survey of Fintech Research and Policy Discussion":AbstractThe intersection of finance and technology, known as fintech, has resulted in the dramatic growth of innovations and has changed the entire financial landscape. While fintech has a critical role to play in democratizing credit access to the unbanked and thin-file consumers around the globe, those consumers who are currently well served also turn to fintech for faster services and greater transparency. Fintech, particularly the blockchain, has the potential to be disruptive to financial systems and intermediation. Our aim in this paper is to provide a comprehensive fintech literature survey with relevant research studies and policy discussion around the various aspects of fintech. The topics include marketplace and peer-to-peer lending, credit scoring, alternative data, distributed ledger technologies, blockchain, smart contracts, cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings, central bank digital currency, robo-advising, quantitative investment and trading strategies, cybersecurity, identity theft, cloud computing, use of big data and artificial intelligence and machine learning, identity and fraud detection, anti-money laundering, Know Your Customers, natural language processing, regtech, insuretech, sandboxes, and fintech regulations.IntroductionThe rapid advance in financial technology (fintech) in recent years has played an important role in how financial products and services are produced, delivered, and consumed. Fintech has become one of the most popular discussion topics recently, primarily because of its potential disruption to the entire financial system. There has been a dramatic digital transformation in the financial landscape. The term fintech is, however, a broad term, and it tends to mean different things to different people. The goal of this paper is to describe the various aspects of fintech and its role in each segment of the financial market and the associated impact on consumers and the financial system overall.A great deal of data have been collected in recent years. For example, as of 2016, IBM estimated that 90 percent of all the global data was collected in the past year. The amount of data collection accelerated even more between 2016 and 2020. There have been new opportunities for data to be monetized, such as through data aggregation. Big data (including data from nontraditional sources and trended data) have been collected and used widely, in conjunction with advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) for digital identity and fraud detection, sales and marketing, security trading strategies, risk pricing and credit decisions, and so forth. More than 2 billion consumers are currently excluded from financial systems around the globe (especially in less developed countries such as Bangladesh, Nigeria, and Pakistan) who could potentially benefit from the use of more data and complex algorithms to access credit. There also have been new questions related to data ownership and the ethical use of data, such as who should have control over the ability to aggregate, use, and share data to safeguard consumer privacy and to avoid systemic misuse of consumer data.Cloud storage and cloud computing have also played increasing roles in payment systems, financial services, and the financial system overall. Financial data and payment data have been stored in the cloud, and cloud computing has made it possible for many fintech innovations, such as real-time payment and instantaneous credit evaluations/decisions. Firms no longer need to commit a large investment (usually unaffordable for smaller firms) to in-house technology, but they could outsource to the cloud computing service providers and share the cost with other firms. This leveled the playing field; size is no longer the most important determinant for success. Consumers' preferences have also adapted to prioritize faster services and greater convenience and transparency through online services and applications. There have been concerns among regulators about the impact on the safety and soundness and stability of the financial systems (e.g., the impact on the payment system when a cloud service platform is rendered nonoperational, the exposure to a greater risk of cyberattack, and other similar events).Blockchain and smart contracts are the buzzwords in the fintech community, partly because blockchain is the technology underlying bitcoin transactions. Blockchain and other digital ledger technologies (DLT) have also been used in creating various cryptocurrencies, initial coin offerings (ICOs), other payment applications, and smart contracts -- thus, leading some to believe that blockchain has the potential to become the mainstream financial technology of the future. There has been some disappointing evidence on the role and potential of blockchain in that it may not be as disruptive as initially expected, and one of the main obstacles seems to be its scalability. For example, bitcoin transactions take about 10 minutes to clear, and it is expected to take longer as the block length gets longer over the years. While thousands of tech start-ups and other tech experts have been working to resolve the issue, permissioned blockchain platforms have benefited some segments of the economy through their use for identity detection, supply chain management, digital-asset-backed lending, and securitization.Fintech activities have been progressing quickly, penetrating all areas of the financial system. Fintech has produced great benefits to a large number of consumers around the world and has made the financial system more efficient. The rapid growth of bank-like services provided by fintech firms has raised potential concerns among bank supervisors. There have also been legal challenges and concerns associated with fintech around consumer privacy and the potential fintech disruption to overall financial stability. While fintech could greatly improve credit access and enhance efficiencies (providing faster, better, or cheaper services) in the financial system, risk cannot be completely eliminated. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive summary of what research studies have found so far, what the experts (academic, industry, and regulators) are working on, and the potential evolving nature of fintech's impact on consumer privacy and well-being, the structure of the financial and payment systems, the role of financial intermediation, and the effectiveness of existing regulatory policies. The rest of the paper is organized as follows.In Section 2, we discuss recent enhanced systems for credit scoring using AI/ML and alternative data, the roles of marketplace lending and peer-to-peer (P2P) lending, and digital banking and investment services. Section 3 discusses how fintech has played a big role in digital payment, such as e-wallet and allowing a large number of the unbanked population around the world to be included in financial systems for the first time. The roles of alternative data in financial inclusion, improving credit access, and more accurate risk pricing will also be discussed.Section 4 describes the roles of blockchain, other distributed ledger technologies (DLTs), and smart contracts. As mentioned earlier, these have been the underlying technologies for cryptoassets and initial coin offerings (ICOs), which will be discussed in Section 5. There are frictions in the current payment system, especially cross-border payments. Consumers have come to expect faster or real-time payments with minimal fees. Digital currencies could potentially deliver these, and the payment processes have been involving rapidly toward a cash-lite (or potentially cashless) economy. Section 5 will also discuss the developments around the potential for central banks to issue fiat digital currencies, so-called central bank digital currency (CBDC). This idea of CBDC acknowledges that trust is the most important factor in payments, and private sectors may not be able to accomplish the goal of originating and supporting the value of the digital currencies it issues. There are also fears around CBDC: Several key considerations need to be incorporated into CBDC's design to avoid adverse impact on the financial system and the ability to conduct effective monetary policy.Section 6 deals with fintech's roles in securities trading and markets, such as the high-frequency trading or program trading that uses big data and ML algorithms to deliver superior performance. Section 7 discusses the impact of fintech on cybersecurity, which has been one of the top concerns among corporate CEOs and senior management teams. While the advanced technology has delivered vast benefits, the technology has also allowed for more sophisticated cyberattacks. Given all these innovations and rapid digital transformation, the existing regulations need to adapt to keep up with the new financial landscape.The increasing roles of BigTech and cloud computing in financial services, their potential impact on interconnectedness between financial institutions, and how these activities are likely to evolve in the near future are discussed in Section 8. There are just a handful of providers for all financial institutions, and these providers are currently not subject to supervision by bank regulators. There have been concerns about quality control, data security, and a possible conflict of interest that need to be addressed in the new fintech regulatory framework. Some of the technologies have also been used to assist regulators in regulatory compliance examination, such as the natural language processing (NLP) and the ML techniques used in RegTech, which will be discussed in Section 9, along with the various factors to be considered in designing fintech regulations to protect consumers and the financial systems while continuing to promote responsible fintech innovations.Finally, Section 10 provides conclusions and policy implications, such as those related to open banking policy, ethical use of consumer data, and whether a cashless economy is expected in the near future. Quantum computing has also been transitioning from theory into practice, with potential implications/disruptions in the financial services industry and the overall economy in the coming decade. It is debatable whether the future mainstream financial technology will be blockchain and DLTs, quantum computing, or something else -- and how the industry and policymakers can best be prepared to keep pace with evolving technologies and the new adoption. We will also discuss potential directions for future fintech research.Concluding RemarksFintech has the potential for disruption to the entire financial system, and it has played an important role in rapid digital transformation and how financial products and services are produced, delivered, and consumed in recent years. The current COVID-19 pandemic may also expedite us toward fully digital lifestyle and cashless economy, as digital banks are seeing increased traffic while people embrace digital and contactless technologies. In this paper, our aim is to provide a comprehensive review of research studies and policy discussion around fintech, covering the various aspects of fintech and its role in each segment of the financial market and the associated impact on consumers, other market participants, and the financial system overall.So much data has been collected and monetized in recent years, leading to an interesting fintech mantra: "Data is the new currency." The vast amount of data and the fast and complex computing algorithms have become key factors that drive innovations in recent years, and billions of consumers around the globe have benefited from these changes. The new generation of consumers are less tolerant to a mediocre quality of services and opaque fine prints in their financial relationship, while BigTech firms are exploring opportunities to serve. Many believe that firms relying on the fine print, such as the various hidden fees (like credit card fees), will not survive the new landscape. It is important to recognize that these advanced technologies that improve our lives also come with new set of risks, such as consumer privacy risk and greater cybersecurity risk.Fintech activities have been progressing quickly and penetrating all areas of the financial system. Under the new landscape where financial firms use cloud storage and cloud computing to achieve high speed and efficiency, it is no longer true that larger firms are more efficient, and it is no longer true that larger firms beat smaller firms (but faster one beat those that are slower). In other words, large firms that do not fully use the technology could potentially fall behind. Cloud computing may also introduce new exposure to cyber-risks that did not exist before, while it has greatly benefited traditional financial institutions in terms of efficiency, resiliency, and flexibility. BigTech firms are playing increasing roles in financial services and real-time payments and providing cloud computing services to large and small financial institutions.It remains unclear, however, how loans originated by fintech firms will perform relative to traditional loans in an extreme environment, and they are going through a real test now under the COVID-19 crisis. It is also unclear how the complex algorithms with alternative data, which worked well earlier, would continue to perform in the new landscape after the COVID-19 crisis. The AI models may need to be retrained with new data to reflect the "new normal." In the meantime, fintech lenders have a role to play in the background (white label services) to assist small banks in screening and processing a large number of loan applications under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) to support small businesses.Blockchain technology and smart contracts have attracted a lot of interest, with thousands of fintech start-ups around the globe working on resolving blockchain scalability, with the potential of allowing consumers to have control over their own information and less reliance on third-party intermediation. Blockchain technology has also made possible for real-time payment and settlement, eliminating frictions in the current payment system, especially for cross-border payments. The success of stablecoin could potentially contribute to more widespread use of blockchain technology. Central banks around the globe are considering whether to issue central bank digital currency (CBDC) to stabilize the value of digital assets or to take a supporting role for the public sector to operate in the new cash-lite economy. The Chinese government is also experimenting with blockchain technology, introducing the Blockchain-based Services Network (BSN) in April 2020, intended to serve as the backbone infrastructure technology for massive interconnectivity throughout the mainland China.How should fintech firms be regulated? Many tech firms, especially the payment platforms, have access to unique data about their customers, and they have comparative advantage in making small business loans. These non bank lenders are providing similar financial products and services outside the banking regulatory framework. There have been discussions around activity-focused regulations so that all lenders (banks and non banks) would be subject to the same regulations. It is debatable whether the future mainstream financial technology would be blockchain and DLTs, quantum computing, or something else -- and how the industry and policymakers could be best prepared to keep pace with the evolving technologies and the new adoption. While the advanced technology has delivered vast benefits, it has also allowed for more sophisticated cyberattacks. In addition, third-party vendor risk management has become more important than ever as loans that were approved on fintech platforms could end up on banks' balance sheet. Banks also increasingly rely on cloud computing services provided by nonbank BigTech firms. Given all these innovations and rapid digital transformation, the existing regulations need to adapt to keep up with the new financial landscape -- to protect consumers and financial systems while continuing to promote responsible fintech innovations.Going forward, it's uncertain how fintech as the mainstream technology for the financial services industry would evolve. Economists have been trying to predict what would happen to fintech when the next recession comes. As we are finalizing this draft, the entire fintech industry is facing a real test for the first time under the current COVID-19 crisis. It has been evident that collaboration among fintech firms and traditional lenders have been critical in pushing the funding relief to those targeted recipients (mainly small businesses) in a timely fashion. There may be evidence of potential complementarity leading to a wave of mergers among financial firms and tech firms, thus further reducing the distinction between fintech firms and traditional firms. Once again, this is an opportune time for researchers to further explore the impact of fintech on consumers and the overall financial systems and stability and to design appropriate financial regulations for the new landscape.ReferencesAbadi, J., and M. Brunnermeier. 2018. "Blockchain Economics," NBER Working Paper 25407.Adhami, S., G. Giudici, and S. Martinazzi. 2017 "Why Do Business Go Crypto? An Empirical Analysis of Initial Coin Offerings." Journal of Economics and Business, 100: 64-75.Agur, I., A. Ari, and G. Dell'Ariccia. 2019. "Designing Central Bank Digital Currencies." IMF Working Paper 19/252, November.Ahmed, U., T. Beck, C. McDaniel, and S. Schropp. 2016. "Filling the Gap: How Technology Enables Access to Finance for Small- and Medium-Sized Enterprises." MIT Press Journals: Innovations, 10 (3-4): 35 48.Ait-Sahalia, Y., and M. Saglam. 2013. "High Frequency Traders: Taking Advantage of Speed." NBER Working Paper 19531.Ali, R., J. Barrdear, R. Clews, and J. Southgate. 2014. "The Economics of Digital Currencies," Bank of England Quarterly Bulletin.Allen, F., E. Carletti, R. Cull, J. Qian, L. Senbet, and P. Valenzuela. 2019. "Improving Access to Banking: Evidence from Kenya." IDB Working Paper.Allen, F., A. Demirguc-Kunt, L. Klapper, M. Soledad, and M. Peria. 2016. "The Foundations of Financial Inclusion: Understanding Ownership and Use of Formal Accounts." Journal of Financial Intermediation 27: 1-30.Allen, F., and R. Karjalainen. 1999. "Using Genetic Algorithms to Find Technical Trading Rules." Journal of Financial Economics, 51: 245-271.Amir, E., S. Levi, and T. Livne. 2018. "Do Firms Underreport Information on Cyber-Attacks? Evidence from Capital Markets." Review of Accounting Studies. Forthcoming.Amsden, R., and D. Schweizer. 2018. "Are Blockchain Crowd Sales the New 'Gold Rush'? Success Determinants of Initial Coin Offerings." Concordia University Working Paper.Andolfatto, D. 2018. "Assessing the Impact of Central Bank Digital Currency on Private Banks." Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Working Paper 2018-25.Arner, D., J. Barneris, and R. Buckley. 2016a. "The Evolution of Fintech: A New Post-Crisis Paradigm?" Georgetown Journal of International Law, 1272-1319.Arner, D., J. Barneris, and R. Buckley. 2016b. "FinTech, RegTech and the Reconceptualization of Financial Regulation," Northwestern Journal of International Law and Business 37(3): 371-413.Arner, D., D. Zetzsche, R. Buckley, and J. Barneris. 2018. "The Identity Challenge in Finance: From Analogue Identity to Digitized Identification to Digital KYC Utilities," EBI Working Paper.47Arnott, R., C. Harvey, and H. Markowitz. 2018. "A Backtesting Protocol in the Era of Machine Learning." Journal of Financial Data Science 1(1): 64-74.Auer, R. 2019. "Regulation Automata: Using the Blockchain to Efficiently Supervise Financial Markets." BIS Working Paper.Baker, T., and B. Dellaert. 2018. "Regulating Robo Advice Across the Financial Services Industry," Iowa Law Review 103: 713-750.Bakos, Y., and H. Halaburda. 2018. "The Role of Cryptographic Tokens and ICOs in Fostering Platform Adoption." New York University Working Paper.Balyuk, T. 2018. "Financial Innovation and Borrowers: Evidence from Peer-to-Peer Lending." University of Toronto Working Paper.Barontini, C., and H. Holden. 2019. "Proceeding with Caution-- A Survey on Central Bank Digital Currency." BIS Working Paper 1010. January.Beck, T., A. Demirguc-Kunt, and R. Levine. 2007. "Finance, Inequality and the Poor." Journal of Economic Growth 12: 27-49.Beck, T., A. Demirguc-Kunt, and M. Peria. 2007. "Reaching Out: Access to and Use of Banking Services Across Countries." Journal of Financial Economics 85: 234-266.Benedetti, H., and L. Kostovetsky. 2018. "Digital Tulips? Returns to Investors in Initial Coin Offerings." Boston College Working Paper.Benos, E., R. Garratt, and P. Gurrola-Perez. 2017. "The Economics of Distributed Ledger Technology for Securities Settlement." Bank of England Staff Working Paper 670.Berg, T., V. Burg, A. Gombovic, and M. Puri. Year? "On the Rise of Fintech -- Credit Scoring Using Digital Footprints." Working Paper.Biais, B., T. Foucault, and S. Moinas. 2015. "Equilibrium Fast Trading." Journal of Financial Economics 73: 3-36.Bianchi, D., and O. Tosun. 2019. "Cyber Attacks and Stock Market Activity." Working Paper.Bordo, M., and A. Levin. 2017. "Central Bank Digital Currency and the Future of Monetary Policy." NBER Working Paper 23711.Brock, W., J. Lakonishok, and B. Lebaron. 1992. "Simple Technical Trading Rules and the Stochastic Properties of Stock Returns." Journal of Finance 47: 1731-1764.Brummer, C., and Y. Yadav. 2019. "Fintech and the Innovation Trilemma. Georgetown Law Journal 107: 235-307.Brunnermeier, M., and D. Niepelt. 2019. "On the Equivalence of Private and Public Money." NBER Working Paper 25877, May.Brunnermeier, M., H. James, and J. Landau. 2019. "The Digitalization of Money." NBER Working Paper 26300, September.Butler, A., J. Cornaggia, and U. Gurun. 2017. "Do Local Capital Market Conditions Affect Consumers' Borrowing Decisions?" Management Science 63(12): 4175 4187.Catalini, C., and J. Gans. 2018. "Some Simple Economics of the Blockchain." NBER Working Paper 22952.Chava, S., and N. Paradkar. 2018. "Winners and Losers of Marketplace Lending: Evidence from Borrower Credit Dynamics." Georgia Tech Working Paper.Chod, J., and E. Lyandres. 2018. "A Theory of ICOs: Diversification, Agency and Information Asymmetry." Boston College Working Paper.Cohney, S., D. Hoffman, J. Sklaroff, and D. Wishnick. 2019. "Coin-Operated Capitalism." Columbia Law Review. Forthcoming.Cong, L., Y. Li, and N. Wang. 2018. "Tokenomics: Dynamic Adoption and Valuation." Columbia Business School Research Paper 18-46.Cong, L., and Z. He. 2018. "Blockchain Disruption and Smart Contracts." NBER Working Paper 24399.Croux, Christophe, Julapa Jagtiani, Tarunsai Korivi, and Milos Vulanovic. 2020. "Important Factors Determining Fintech Loan Default: Evidence from LendingClub Consumer Platform." Journal of Economic Behavior & Organization 173, May, 270 296.Crowe, C., and R. Ramcharan. 2012. "The Impact of House Prices on Consumer Credit: Evidence from an Internet Bank," Federal Reserve Board, FEDS Working Paper.Crowe, D., M. Rysman, and J. Stavins. 2010. "Mobile Payments in the United States at Retail Point of Sale: Current Market and Future Prospects." Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Public Policy Discussion Paper 10-2.D'Acunto, F., N. Prabhala, and A. Rossi. 2019. "The Promises and Pitfalls of Robo-Advising." Review of Financial Studies 32(5): 1983 2020.Degryse, H., F. De Jong, and V. Kervel, 2015. "The Impact of Dark Trading and Visible Fragmentation on Market Quality." Review of Finance 19(4): 1587 1622.de Roure, C., L. Pelizzon, and A. Thakor. 2018. "P2P Lenders versus Banks: Cream Skimming or Bottom Fishing?" SAFE Working Paper 206.DeYoung, R., W. Lang, and D. Nolle. 2007. "How the Internet Affects Output and Performance at Community Banks." Journal of Banking and Finance 31: 1033 1060.Dorfleitner, G., C. Priberny, S. Schuster, J. Stoiber, N. Weber, I. de Castro, and J. Kammler, 2016. "Description-Text Related Soft Information in Peer-to-Peer Lending: Evidence from Two Leading European Platforms." Journal of Banking and Finance 64: 169 187.49Du, S., and H. Zhu. 2014. "Welfare and Optimal Trading Frequency in Dynamic Double Auctions." NBER Working Paper 20588.Easley, D., M. Lopez de Prado, and M. O'Hara. 2011. "The Microstructure of the 'Flash Crash': Flow Toxicity, Liquidity Crashes and the Probability of Informed Trading. Journal of Portfolio Management 37: 118 128.Easley, D., M. Lopez de Prado, and M. O'Hara. 2012. "Flow Toxicity and Liquidity in a High Frequency Trading World." Review of Financial Studies 25: 1457 1493.Easley, D., M. O'Hara, and S. Basu. 2019. "From Mining to Markets: The Evolution of Bitcoin Transaction Fees." Journal of Financial Economics134(1): 91 109.Engert, W., and B. Fung. 2017. "Central Bank Digital Currency: Motivation and Implications." Bank of Canada Staff Discussion Paper.Fein, M. 2015. "Robo-Advisors: A Closer Look." Working Paper https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2658701.Fernandez-Villaverde, F., and D. Sanches. 2016. "Can Currency Competition Work?" NBER Working Paper 22157.Fernandez-Villaverde, F., D. Sanches, L. Schilling, and H. Uhlig. 2020. "Central Bank Digital Currency: Central Banking for All?" NBER Working Paper 26753, February.Financial Conduct Authority, 2017. Regulatory Sandbox Lessons Learner Report. April. https://www.fca.org.uk/publication/research-and-data/regulatory-sandbox-lessons-learned-report.pdf.Foucant, T., J. Hombert, and I. Rosu. 2016. "New Trading and Speed." Journal of Finance 71: 335 382.Foucant, T., and A. Menkveld. 2008. "Competition for Order Flow and Smart Order Routing Systems." Journal of Finance 63: 119 158.Franks, J., N. Serrano-Velarde, and O. Sussman. 2018. "Marketplace Lending, Information Aggregation and Liquidity." London Business School Working Paper.Freedman, S., and G. Jin. 2017. "The Information Value of Online Social Networks: Lessons from Peer-to-Peer Lending." NBER Working Paper 19820.Frost, J., L. Gambacorta, Y. Huang, H. Shin, and P. Zbinden. 2019. "BigTech and the Changing Structure of Financial Intermediation." BIS Working Paper 779.Fu, R., Y. Huang, and P. Singh. 2018. "Crowd, Lending, Machine and Bias." Carnegie Mellon University Working Paper.Furst, K., W. Lang, and D. Nolle. 2002. "Internet Banking." Journal of Financial Services Research 22: 95 117.Fuster, A., P. Goldsmith-Pinkham, T. Ramadorai, and A. Walther. 2018. "Predictably Unequal? The Effects of Machine Learning on Credit Markets." Imperial College London Working Paper. July.Gai, J., C. Yao, and M. Ye. 2014. "The Externalities of High Frequency Trading." UIUC Working Paper.Gao, Q., M. Lin, and R. Sias. 2017. "Word Matters: The Role of Texts in Online Credit Markets." Working Paper.Gervais, A., G. Kharame, K. Wust, V. Glykantzis, H. Ritzdorf, and S. Capkun. 2016. "On the Security and Performance of Proof of Work Blockchains." In Proceedings of the 2016 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security.Goddard, J., D. McKillop, and J. Wilson. 2009. "Which Credit Unions Are Acquired?" Journal of Financial Services Research 36: 231 252.Goettler, R., C. Parlour, and U. Rajan. 2009. "Informed Traders in Limit Order Markets." Journal of Financial Economics 93: 67 87.Goldstein, I., J. Jagtiani, and A. Klein. 2019. "Fintech and the New Financial Landscape." Bank Policy Institute (BPI): Banking Perspectives, Q1:7, March 2019.Greene, C., M. Rysman, S. Schuh, and O. Shy. 2014. "Costs and Benefits of Building Faster Payment Systems: The U.K. Experience and Implication for the United States." Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Research Paper Series Current Policy Perspectives14-5.Habor, S., and S. Stornetta. 1991. "How to Time Stamp a Digital Document," Lecture Notes in Computer Science 537: 437 455.Harvey, C. 2016. "Cryptofinance." Duke University Working Paper.Hasan, I., Q. He, and H. Lu. 2019. "Stereotypes in Person-to-Person Lending: Evidence from Debt Crowdfunding." Fordham University Working Paper.Hau, H., Y. Huang, H. Shan, and Z. Shen. 2018. "FinTech Credit, Financial Inclusion and Entrepreneurial Growth." University of Geneva Working Paper.Hendershott, T., C. Jones, and A. Menkveld. 2011. "Does Algorithmic Trading Improve Liquidity?" Journal of Finance 66: 1 33.Hernandez-Murillo, R., G. Llobet, and R. Fuentes. 2010. "Strategic Online Banking Adoption" Journal of Banking and Finance 34: 1650 1663.Hernando, I., and M. Nieto. 2007. "Is the Internet Delivery Channel Changing Banks' Performance? The Case of Spanish Banks." Journal of Banking and Finance 31: 1083 1099.Hildebrandt, T., M. Puri, and J. Rocholl. 2017. "Adverse Incentives in Crowdfunding." Management Science 63(3): 587 608.Hodge, F., K. Mendoza, and R. Sinha. 2018. "The Effect of Humanizing Robo-Advisors on Investor Judgments." University of Washington Working Paper.Howell, S., M. Niessner, and D. Yermack. 2018. "Initial Coin Offerings: Financing Growth with Cryptocurrency Token Sales." NBER Working Paper 24774.Hu, A., C. Parlour, and U. Rajan. 2018. "Cryptocurrencies: Stylized Facts on a New Investible Instrument." University of California, Berkeley, Hass Working Paper.Huang, Y., Y. Li, and H. Shan. 2019. "The Distributional Effect of Fintech Credit: Evidence from E-commerce Platform Lending." University of Geneva Working Paper.Jagtiani, J., and C. Lemieux. 2018. "Do Fintech Lenders Penetrate Areas That Are Underserved by Traditional Banks?" Journal of Economics and Business 100, November December 2018, 43 54.Jagtiani, J., and C. Lemieux. 2019. "The Roles of Alternative Data and Machine Learning in Fintech Lending: Evidence from LendingClub Consumer Platform." Financial Management Winter 2019, 48(4), 1009 1029.Jagtiani, J., L. Lambie-Hanson, and T. Lambie-Hanson. 2019. "Fintech Lending and Mortgage Credit Access." Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia Working Paper 19-47, November.Jagtiani, J., M.G. Papaioannou, and G. Tsetsekos. 2019. "Cryptocurrencies in the Global Economy." The Journal of Investing. Cryptocurrency Special Issue 2019, 28 (3), April, 7 12.Jagtiani, J., M. Papaioannou, G. Tsetseko, E. Dolson, and D. Milo. 2020. "Cryptocurrencies: Regulatory Perspectives and Implications for Investors." in Handbook of Alternative Finance, edited by Raghavendra Rau, Robert H. Wardrop, and Luigi Zingales, Palgrave MacMillan, forthcoming.Jagtiani, J., T. Vermilyea, and L. M. Wall. 2018. "The Roles of Big Data and Machine Learning in Bank Supervision." The Clearing House: Banking Perspectives, Quarter 1, 2018, 6(1), 44 51.Ji, Megan. 2018. "Are Robots Good Fiduciaries? Regulating Robo-Advisors Under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940." Columbia Law Review 117: 1542 1584.Jones, C. 2013. "What Do We Know About High-Frequency Trading?" Columbia Business School Research Paper 13-11.Jovanovic, B., and J. Menkveld. 2016. "Middlemen in Limit-Order Markets." NYU Working Paper.Iyer, R., A. Khwaja, E. Luttmer, and K. Shue. 2016. "Screening Peers Softly: Inferring the Quality of Small Borrowers." Management Science 62(2): 1554 1577.Kaymiya, S., J. Kang, J. Kim, A. Milidonis, and R. Stulz. 2018. "What is the Impact of Successful Cyberattacks on Target Firms." NBER Working Paper 24409.Keister, T., and D. Sanches. 2019. "Should Central Banks ISSUE Digital Currency?" Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia Working Paper 19-26.Kendall, J., N. Mylenko, and A. Ponce. 2010. "Measuring Financial Access Around the World." World Bank Policy Research Working Paper 5253.Khandani, A., and A. Lo. 2007. "What Happened to the Quants in August 2007?" Journal of Investment Management 5(4): 5 54.Khandani, A., and A. Lo, 2011. "What Happened to the Quants in August 2007? Evidence from Factors and Transactions Data." Journal of Financial Markets 14(1): 1 46.Kirilenko, A., A. Kyle, M. Samadi, and T. Tuzun. 2017. "The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market." Journal of Finance 72(3): 967 998.Kirilenko, A., and A. Lo. 2013. "Moore's Law versus Murphy's Law: Algorithmic Trading and Its Discontents." Journal of Economic Perspectives 27(2): 51 72.Klus, M., T. Lohwasser, and L. Hornuf. 2018. "How Do Banks Interact with Fintechs? Forms of Strategic Alliance and Their Economic Impact." CESifo Working Paper Series 7170.Kopp, E., L. Kaffenberger, and C. Wilson. 2017. "Cyber Risk, Market Failures, and Financial Stability." IMF Working Paper 17/185.Kroeger, A., and A. Sarkar. 2017. "The Law of One Bitcoin Price?" Federal Reserve Bank of New York Working Paper.Lee, J., T. Li, and D. Shin. 2018. "The Wisdom of Crowds in FinTech: Evidence from Initial Coin Offerings." Working Paper.Li, J., and W. Mann. 2018. "Initial Coin Offerings and Platform Building." University of Californa, Los Angeles Anderson Working Paper.Lin, L., and C. Chen. 2019. "The Promise and Perils of InsurTech." NUS Law Working Paper 21.Lin, M., N. Prabhala, and S. Viswanathan. 2013. "Judging Borrowers by the Company They Keep: Friendship Networks and Information Asymmetry in Online Peer-to-Peer Lending." Management Science 59(1): 17 35.Lin, M., and S. Viswanathan, 2016. "Home Bias in Online Investments: An Empirical Study of an Online Crowdfunding Market." Management Science, 62(5): 1393-1414.Lin, T. 2016. "Financial Weapons of War." Minnesota Law Review 100: 1377 1440.Lin, T., and V. Pursiainen. 2016. "Home Bias in Online Investments: An Empirical Study of an Online Crowdfunding Market." Management Science 62(5): 1393 1414.Lin, T,. and V. Pursiainen. 2018. "Fund What You Trust? Social Capital and Moral Hazard in Crowdfunding." University of Hong Kong Working Paper . Lin, Z., T. Sapp, J. Rees-Ulmer, and R. Parsa. 2018. "Insider Trading Ahead of Cyber Breach Announcements." Iowa State University Working Paper.Linnainmaa, J., B. Melzer, and A. Previtero. 2017. "Retail Financial Advice: Does One Size Fit All?" Journal of Finance 72: 1441 1482.Linton, O., and S. Mahmoodzadeh. 2018. "Implications of High-Frequency Trading for Security Market." Annual Review of Economics 10: 237 259.Liskovich, I., and M. Shaton. 2017. "Borrowers in Search of Feedback: Evidence from Consumer Credit Marketts." Federal Reserve Board, FEDS Working Paper.Lopez de Prado, M. 2018. "The 10 Reasons Most Machine Learning Fund Fail." Working Paper.Ma, J., J. Gans, and R. Tourky. 2018. "Market Structure in Bitcoin Mining." NBER Working Paper 24242.Makarov, I., and A. Schoar. 2018. "Trading and Arbitrage in Cryptocurrency Markets." MIT Sloan Working Paper.Malinova, K., and A. Park. 2017. "Market Design with Blockchain Technology." University of Toronto Working Paper.Mancini-Griffoli, T., M. Peria, I. Agur, A. Air, J. Kiff, A. Popescu, and C. Rochon. 2018. "Casting Light on Central Bank Digital Currency." IMF Staff Discussion Note.Mehta, N. 2013. "Pros and Cons of 'Tobin Tax' Divides EU." Financial Times. March 3: https://www.ft.com/content/ce94512e-81a3-11e2-ae78-00144feabdc0.Menkveld, A. 2013. "High Frequency Trading and the New Market Makers." Journal of Financial Markets, 16: 712 740.Menkveld, A. 2016. The Economics of High-Frequency Trading: Taking Stock." Annual Review of Financial Economics 8: 1 24.Mester, L., L. Nakamura, and M. Renault. 2007. "Transaction Accounts and Loan Monitoring." Review of Financial Studies, 20: 529 556.Mills, D., K. Wang, B. Malone, A. Ravi, J. Marquardt, C. Chen, A. Badev, T. Brezinski, L. Fahy, K. Liao, V. Kargenian, M. Ellithorpe, W. Ng, and N. Baird. 2016. "Distributed Ledger Technology in Payments, Clearing and Settlement," Federal Reserve Board FEDS Working Paper 095.Momtaz, P. 2018. "Initial Coin Offering." University of California, Los Angeles, Anderson Working Paper.Nakamoto, S. 2008. "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System." Unpublished manuscript. https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf.Norden, L., and M. Weber. 2010. "Credit Line Usage, Checking Account Activity, and Default Risk of Bank Borrowers. Review of Financial Studies 23: 3665 3699.O'Hara, M. 2015. High Frequency Market Microstructure. Journal of Financial Economics 116: 257 270.O'Hara, M., and M. Ye. 2011. "Is Market Fragmentation Harming Market Quality?" Journal of Financial Economics 100: 459 474.Padhi, M. 2017. "The Effects of Peer-to-peer (P2P) Lending on Competition, Discrimination, and Financial Stability," University of Maryland Working Paper.Pagnotta, E., and A. Buraschi. 2018. "An Equilibrium Valuation of Bitcoin and Decentralized Network Assets." Imperial College London Working Paper.Pagnotta, E., and T. Philippon. 2018. "Competing on Speed." Econometrica 86(3): 1067 1115.Raskin, M., and D. Yermack. 2016. "Digital Currencies, Decentralized Ledgers, and the Future of Central Banking." NBER Working Paper 22238.Ravina, E. 2018. "Love & Loans: The Effect of Beauty and Personal Characteristics in Credit Markets." Working Paper.Ringe, W., and C. Ruof. 2019. "A Regulatory Sandbox for Robo Advice." University of Hamburg Working Paper.Rysman, M., and S. Schuh. 2016. "New Innovations in Payments." NBER Working Paper 22358.Schilling, L., and H. Uhlig. 2019. "Some Simple Bitcoin Economics." Journal of Monetary Economics 106: 16 26.Schweitzer, M., and B. Barkley. 2017. "Is Fintech Good For Small Business Borrowers? Impacts on Firm Growth and Customer Satisfaction." Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland Working Paper.Securities and Exchange Commission. 2010. "Concept Release on Equity Market Structure." Release 34-61358, File No. S7-02-10, https://www.sec.gov/rules/concept/2010/34-61358.pdf.Securities and Exchange Commission. 2014. Equity Market Structure Literature Review, Part II: High Frequency Trading. https://www.sec.gov/marketstructure/research/hft_lit_review_march_2014.pdf.Sockin, M., and W. Xiong. 2018. "A Model of Cryptocurrencies." Princeton University Working Paper.Stulz, R., 2019. "FinTech, BigTech, and the Future of Banks." Fischer College of Business Working Paper 2019-03-020.Szabo, N. 1994. "Smart Contract." Unpublished manuscript. http://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/Courses/InformationInSpeech/CDROM/Literature/LOTwinterschool2006/szabo.best.vwh.net/smart.contracts.html.Szabo, N. 2005. "Bit Gold." Unpublished manuscript. https://nakamotoinstitute.org/bit-gold/.Tang, H. 2018. "Peer-to-Peer Lenders versus Banks: Substitutes or Complements?" Review of Financial Studies. Forthcoming.Tinn, K. 2018. "Blockchain and the Future of Optimal Financing Contracts." Imperial College London Working Paper.Thakor, A. 2019. "FinTech and Banking: What Do We Know?" Journal of Financial Intermediation. Forthcoming.Vallee, B., and Y. Zeng. 2018. "Marketplace Lending: A New Banking Paradigm?" HBS Working Paper.Wei, Z., and M. Lin. 2017. "Market Mechanisms in Online Crowdfunding." Management Science 62(12): 3999-4446.Yermack, D. 2017. Corporate Governance and Blockchains, Review of Finance. 21(1): 7-31.Zetzsche, D., R. Buckley, D. Arner, and J. Barberis. 2017a. "From Fintech to Techfin: The Regulatory Challenges of Data-Driven Finance." University of Hong Kong Working Paper.Zetzsche, D., R. Buckley, D. Arner, and J. Barberis. 2017b. "Regulating a Revolution: From Regulatory Sandboxes to Smart Regulation." University of Hong Kong Working Paper.Zetzsche, D., R. Buckley, D. Arner, and L. Fohr. 2019. "The ICO Gold Rush: It's a Scam, It's a Bubble, It's a Super Challenge for Regulators." Harvard International Law Journal 63(2).***The full text of the document can be viewed at https://www.philadelphiafed.org/-/media/research-and-data/publications/working-papers/2020/wp20-21.pdf?la=en***[CaptureMay28]Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7159551 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: July 1, 2020End of Document

RUBIO APPLAUDS TRUMP ADMINISTRATION ON HONG KONG CERTIFICATIONStates News ServiceMay 27, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 197 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: MIAMI, Fla. BodyThe following information was released by Florida Senator Marco Rubio:U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations' Subcommittee that oversees human rights and democracy and author of the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act (P.L. 11676), issued the following statement after Secretary of State Mike Pompeo certified that Hong Kong was no longer autonomous:"For years, the Chinese government and Communist Party have walked back on its commitment to ensure autonomy and freedom for Hong Kong," Rubio said. "I applaud the Trump Administration for taking the necessary step, as required under my Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act, to protect American interests and safeguard the rights and freedoms of the people of Hong Kong. We cannot let Beijing profit from breaking the Sino-British Joint Declaration and trying to crush the spirit of Hong Kong's people."Rubio is Cochair of the bipartisan and bicameral Congressional-Executive Commission on China (CECC), the Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations' Subcommittee that oversees human rights, and is a member of the Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy.Load-Date: May 28, 2020End of Document

Sen. Rubio Applauds Trump Administration on Hong Kong CertificationTargeted News ServiceMay 28, 2020 Thursday 9:50 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 205 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: MIAMI, Florida BodySen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, issued the following news release:U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations' Subcommittee that oversees human rights and democracy and author of the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act (P.L. 116-76), issued the following statement after Secretary of State Mike Pompeo certified that Hong Kong was no longer autonomous:"For years, the Chinese government and Communist Party have walked back on its commitment to ensure autonomy and freedom for Hong Kong," Rubio said."I applaud the Trump Administration for taking the necessary step, as required under my Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act, to protect American interests and safeguard the rights and freedoms of the people of Hong Kong. We cannot let Beijing profit from breaking the Sino-British Joint Declaration and trying to crush the spirit of Hong Kong's people."Rubio is Cochair of the bipartisan and bicameral Congressional-Executive Commission on China (CECC), the Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations' Subcommittee that oversees human rights, and is a member of the Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7123633 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: May 28, 2020End of Document

Texas oil drops 3.36% from market correction and uncertaintyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 22, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 260 wordsBodyNew York, 22 May (EFE).- The texas intermediate oil price (WTI) opened on Friday with a 3.36% decline and stood at $32.78 a barrel, a correction that comes as uncertainty resurfaces over economic reopening and growth in China, the world's second-largest consumer.At 9.15 p.m. local time in New York (13.15 GMT), WTI's future contracts for delivery in July cut $1.14 from Thursday's previous session, which closed upwards and at its highest level since March.The price of the reference barrel in the United States has been revaluing over the past two weeks thanks to reduced supply and a slight rebound in demand, but analysts note that the market is not "suddenly balanced" and continues to affect the "uncertainty" of the COVID-19 pandemic.On Friday, investors reacted with concern to the Chinese government's decision not to set an economic growth target by 2020, citing "great uncertainty" over the pandemic and the global economic and trade environment, as well as the issuance of 1 billion yuan in bonds.However, according to analytics firm Rystad Energy, the Texas barrel is going to stabilize in a range of between $30 and $35 and could reach 40 by the end of the year if demand is strengthened to "pre-COVID-19 levels," but prices will move "depending on the day and bullish or bearish indicators" for a while.In recent days, they have positively pushed for the fall in U.S. crude oil inventories, the record supply cuts agreed by OPEC and its allies, and the uptick in demand generated by economic reopening in many places, despite fears of a second wave.Load-Date: May 23, 2020End of Document

Disney's Shanghai park to reopen May 11, with masks; Company's Q1 took $1B operating income hitUSA TODAYMay 7, 2020 ThursdayFIRST EDITIONCopyright 2020 Gannett Company, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 4DLength: 552 wordsByline: Chris Woodyard, USA TODAYBodyThe Walt Disney Company didn't offer any new estimate Tuesday as to when it will reopen its U.S. theme parks, but it outlined how its park in Shanghai will be first worldwide park to welcome guests again.In issuing its financial results for the quarter  that ended March 28, Disney showed the degree to which the closures are socking its bottom line. Theme parks took a $1 billion hit on operating income over the quarter."Like so many other companies and industries, the pandemic has hit us hard," Executive Chairman Bob Iger said, adding, "I have absolute confidence in our ability to get through this challenging period and recover successfully."The company's other theme parks in France, Japan and China also are shuttered, though CEO Bob Chapek said Shanghai Disneyland will reopen May 11 with social distancing, masks, temperature scans and other precautions. That head start may provide a blueprint for how to reopen safely while preserving the fun.In remarks to analysts, reporters and shareholders, Chapek said that guests and workers at Shanghai will both wear masks when that park reopens. However, characters won't, so they will need to keep their distance and won't be dispensing hugs for a while.He said Shanghai Disneyland has a capacity  of 80,000, but that the Chinese government is restricting it to 30%, or 24,000. "We are going to open up far below that to have our training wheels on," he said. In a few weeks, he said the park will ramp up to the new limit.In order to ensure the park stays below capacity, he said tickets will be good only on a particular day - but  added that he's not sure the same policy will be in effect when  U.S. parks  reopen.The company's chief medical officer, Dr. Pamela Hymel called the Shanghai reopening plans "an encouraging sign for Disney parks and retail locations all over the world" and noted in a Tuesday blog post that she's been working closely with the U.S. Travel Association on a set of guidelines.She outlined some of the tactics being explored for Walt Disney World and Disneyland, including a phased reopening that calls for opening the retail and dining locations before the parks themselves, as Shanghai has done.Hymel also warned that the parks will likely have to implement guest capacity measures to comply with state and federal guidelines and noted that they are looking at ways to use the Play Disney Parks app and virtual queues to do so.The parks have already added hand sanitizing and washing stations during their closures, she said. But upon reopening, they will step up their cleaning and disinfection and employee health and safety training.Disney isn't the only theme park unwilling to commit to an opening date at this point. Six Flags is paying close attention to Texas, Oklahoma, Georgia, Missouri and Mexico as areas for reopening - with no hard date yet."Those would seem to be the areas right now, whereas we're watching the state or the country dynamics that would suggest, ideally, we could open at some point, hopefully in the summer," Michael Spanos, president, CEO and director of Six Flags, said in an earnings call last week. "But again, time will tell."On March 30, Spanos announced all Six Flags theme parks across the country would suspend operations through mid-May.Contributing: David Oliver, Dawn Gilbertson Load-Date: May 7, 2020End of Document

EastWest think tank offers ICT supply chain security approach that goes beyond targeting specific countriesInside Cyber SecurityMay 19, 2020Copyright 2020 Inside Washington Publishers All Rights ReservedLength: 668 wordsBody May 19, 2020 | Charlie Mitchell The nonprofit EastWest Institute has produced a framework for information and communications technology supply chain security that seeks to break out of the box of "TechNationalism," emphasizing risk management principles rather than classifying suppliers as untrustworthy based on their geographic location."Though bans of companies or countries can be useful as statements of concern, they may also create a false sense of security," said EWI Executive Vice President Bruce McConnell. The new framework "encourages a more realistic approach--mitigating cyber risks by applying well-known cybersecurity practices to critical digital infrastructure.""Weathering TechNationalism: A Security and Trustworthiness Framework to Mange Cyber Supply Chain Risk," released Monday, was authored by EastWest senior program associate Andreas Kuehn and McConnell, a former top cybersecurity official at the Department of Homeland Security.The report "provides policymakers, regulators, and corporate executives a five-part framework for mitigating supply chain risk in a holistic way," according to EWI. "The framework lays out measures of assurance, transparency, and accountability that ICT buyers, operators, and vendors can implement jointly."Its "action roadmap" calls on policymakers to:* Enable threat and vulnerability information sharing.* Require diverse sources of supply.* Make strategic science and technology investments.* Consider narrow national security exceptions.* Review and adapt national supply chain security goals and policies.The Commerce Department last week announced new restrictions aimed at blocking Huawei's use of U.S. software and technology in manufacturing semiconductors in third countries, and issued what officials said will be the final 90-day extension of the Temporary General License for U.S. companies to do business with Huawei. The Chinese government has signaled it will retaliate against U.S. tech firms.Commerce in November put out a proposed rule on ICT supply chain security following President Trump's May 2019 executive order on the subject. The Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was intended to put in place a policy that went beyond bans on specific companies, namely tech and telecom firms based in China. But the scope of the proposal drew intense industry pushback and sources say it is likely to be rewritten.McConnell has long advocated for a more holistic strategic approach to supply chain security, based on risk management and recognizing the global sprawl and intricacies of modern supply chains."Rooted in geopolitical tensions, the rise of TechNationalism is shaped by an increase in nationalist and isolationist tendencies that undermine trust in the multilateral system, the weaponization of international trade to achieve geopolitical objectives, the rise of state-centric models of Internet governance to exercise control over content and restrict free expression, and the coming of age of cyberspace as a new domain of interstate conßict," according to EastWest."Against this backdrop," the group says, "states must make trade-offs among national security, cybersecurity, and trade and industrial competitiveness goals to ensure ICT security and trustworthiness. For example, heightened restrictions on foreign ICT Þrms to assuage national security concerns may reduce overall industrial competitiveness and cybersecurity."The EastWest framework includes five components: "risk-informed procurement requirements"; "buyer-led security requirements for ICT vendors"; "vendor-led assurance and transparency requirements"; creation of regional "transparency centers"; and development of global conformance programs.The EastWest Institute serves as a convenor of international stakeholders in a variety of policy domains including cyber, and offers thought leadership on key issues and a forum for conflict resolution. It has offices in New York, San Francisco, Brussels and Moscow. -- Charlie Mitchell (cmitchell@iwpnews.com)Load-Date: May 20, 2020End of Document

Zoom will look for public comments on plan for better encryptionCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 13, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 337 wordsBody(Bloomberg) -- Zoom Video Communications Inc. said that May 22, it will share details of its plan to provide end-to-end encryption to users, seeking to calm concerns that the popular conference tool has lax security practices.Zoom will seek public feedback on its encryption design before implementing enhanced procedures, executives said Wednesday during a weekly security-focused webinar. End-to-end encryption, the highest level of security for digital communications, makes messages, videos, audio and photos impossible to decrypt by third parties. Zoom's public review results will help determine when end-to-end encryption will be available for meeting participants.Zoom, based in San Jose, California, will beef up security for all users on May 30 with GCM-level encryption, which is lower than the end-to-end standard. The company will also allow hosts to prevent participants from accessing a single meeting across multiple devices. These changes are part of the company's promise to conduct a three-month security review.Zoom has jumped to the forefront of video conferencing applications after being a little-known business tool, as millions of people have been forced to stay home by the coronavirus pandemic. The company has been criticized for a variety of security flaws, including users who unknowingly sent data to Facebook Inc. when they logged in to Zoom and some calls were routed through China even though no participants were there. Concern that the Chinese government may be snooping on some sensitive Zoom meetings has made encryption a key pillar of the effort to restore the company's reputation. The software manufacturer purchased a secure messaging provider, Keybase Inc., last week to take advantage of the entrepreneurship's encryption experience. Max Krohn, co-founder of Keybase, is now head of security engineering at Zoom and will play an instrumental role in encrypting the company's platform.Original Note:Zoom Will Seek Public Feedback on Plan for Stronger Encryption©2020 Bloomberg L.P.Load-Date: May 14, 2020End of Document

The Oppenheimer/China Report did not stop the coronavirus due to lack of a free pressCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 26, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 605 wordsBody       At a time when U.S. President Donald Trump and other populist leaders call the media not flattering them as "enemies of the people," it's worth remembering that we probably wouldn't be facing the current pandemic of the coronavirus if China had a free press. It is becoming increasingly clear that China's dictatorship suppressed the news of the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan city for about three weeks before the rumor began circulating on social media on December 30. By then, thousands of people with the virus had traveled to other parts of China, Italy and the United States. A new study by the University of Southampton shows that if china's regime had begun to take social estrangement measures three weeks earlier, the number of coronavirus cases in China would have been reduced by 95 percent. In addition, countries around the world would have had more time to prepare. This is not to justify Trump's attempt to blame china for all the coronavirus crisis. The rise in the deaths of the virus in the US is also largely due to the fact that Trump fell asleep for two months before taking the first steps to combat the virus. During that time, Trump and his Fox News acolytes suggested that the coronavirus crisis was a "farce" supposedly invented by Democrats to discredit the President. Trump recently reacted to the crisis weeks after most of the media that he calls "enemies of the people" warned about the pandemic, and after the stock market collapse in mid-March. But, leaving Trump aside, the pandemic timelines compiled separately by Axios.com and the Spanish Office of Reporters Without Borders indicate that the epidemic was able to spread due to censorship of the Chinese regime. On December 10, a patient was admitted to Wuhan Central Hospital with a rare infection in both lungs. From December 12, more patients with the same symptoms arrived at Wuhan hospitals, and doctors discovered that some of those admitted worked at an exotic animal market. On 27 December, doctors informed Wuhan health officials that a new type of coronavirus was causing the disease. On 30 December, Ai Fen, director of Wuhan Central Hospital, wrote on the weChat social network about the new virus and was scolded by authorities. On 31 December, the World Health Organization learned about the new virus in Wuhan. On 3 January, eight doctors at Wuhan Central Hospital were arrested for "spreading false rumors." In China, all news about epidemics must be clarified by the central government. On 11 January, Chinese state media reported on the first known death of the new virus in Wuhan. By then, it had been more than a month since the first patients reporting the new virus had entered Wuhan hospitals. The outbreak in Wuhan of Covid-19 should serve as a reminder that local media, like national ones, are essential not only to preserve democracy and combat corruption, but also to protect public health. How much better we would be around the world today if China had a free press, and local media in Wuhan City would have been able to report on the new virus from the beginning! And how much worse America would be if the free press hadn't alerted the public to the pandemic from the start, when Trump said I'm "not worried at all" about the epidemic that was growing in accelerated paces in China. So, the next time Trump, or the presidents of Brazil or the Philippines, to name a few, lash outagainst the media as "the enemies of the people," think of the coronavirus pandemic. Without a free, independent and critical press, it will be difficult to stop the pandemics of the future in time.  Twitter: @oppenheimera       Load-Date: March 27, 2020End of Document

Drain Cleaning Equipment Market to 2027 - Global Analysis and Forecasts by Product ; Power Source ; End-user ; Sales Channel; The drain cleaning equipment market was valued at US$ 1. 72 billion in 2019 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6. 3% from 2020 to 2027 to reach US$ 2. 92 billion by 2027. According to data available at the United Nations, the African region is poised to witness a substantial increase in its population, especially the sub-Sahara African region, which is expected to double its population by 2050.GlobeNewswireApril 16, 2020 Thursday 1:33 AM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 709 wordsBodyNew York, April  16, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report "Drain Cleaning Equipment Market to 2027 - Global Analysis and Forecasts by Product ; Power Source ; End-user ; Sales Channel" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p05882115/?utm_source=GNW As a result, the region has attracted notable investments from various leading enterprises as well as countries as the region is expected to emerge as a hub due to its considerably large young population by later forecast period compared to China and India.For instance, the Chinese government has made several significant investments in Africa, focusing on the development of various critical commercial infrastructure, which is anticipated to support its growing demand from different industries.Additionally, the African region is expected to witness a swift rise in the number of commercial and residential infrastructure, which is, in turn, expected to propel the demand for numerous drain cleaning equipment during the coming few years.Thus, providing numerous profitable business opportunities for drain cleaning equipment market players.The advancement of technology has broadened the scope for technology adoption in rain cleaning equipment and subsequently facilitated the development of sophisticated devices that assist in numerous drain cleaning, maintenance, and inspection activities.For instance, technology-driven drain cleaning equipment and products such as push rod cameras, locating equipment, and other drain inspection tools have greatly simplified the drain cleaning activities compared with conventional methods.Moreover, the continuous integration of smart technologies toward the development of innovative and improved drain cleaning equipment could offer a sustainable competitive advantage for the manufacturers and provide numerous lucrative business growth opportunities during the coming years.In our drain cleaning equipment market study, we have segmented the drain cleaning equipment market, by product type, into hand tools, sink machine, sectional machines, drum/continuous cable machine, rodders, push rod camera, locating equipment, flexible shaft machine, and jetters.Also, based on power source, the drain cleaning equipment market is categorized into a hand-operated, fuel-operated, gas-powered, and electric-powered.The end-user segmentation for drain cleaning equipment market includes professional and Do-it-Yourself (D-I-Y) subsegments.Furthermore, based on sales channel, the global drain cleaning equipment is classified into online, retail, and distributor.Finally, based on region, the global drain cleaning equipment market is fragmented into five regions North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), the Middle East & Africa (MEA), and South America.The well-established market players operating in the drain cleaning equipment market include RIDGID; Spartan Tools; Gorlitz Sewer & Drain, Inc.; Aussie Pumps; Goodway Technologies; and Nilfisk.The overall global drain cleaning equipment market size has been derived using both primary and secondary sources.The research process begins with exhaustive secondary research using internal and external sources to obtain qualitative and quantitative information related to the global drain cleaning equipment market.It also provides an overview and forecast for the drain cleaning equipment market based on all the segmentations provided for the global regions.Also, primary interviews were conducted with industry participants and commentators to validate data and analysis.The participants who typically take part in such a process include industry expert such as VPs, business development managers, market intelligence managers, and national sales managers, and external consultants such as valuation experts, research analysts, and key opinion leaders specializing in drain cleaning equipment.Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05882115/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001Load-Date: April 16, 2020End of Document

Rubio specifies journalists for 'glee' in virus deathsAssociated Press State & LocalMarch 31, 2020 Tuesday 8:33 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLength: 376 wordsDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, pressed to identify media figures that he said expressed "glee" at Americans getting coronavirus, has cited an editorial cartoonist, a magazine writer, an online tech publication and an online editor.The Republican senator took heat for a tweet over the weekend that said some media members "can't contain their delight" at reports that the United States had surpassed China in the number of coronavirus cases.He was criticized for using the vague term "some in the media," and ABC News' Jonathan Karl, president of the White House Correspondents Association, called on Rubio to apologize. He didn't, but late Monday pointed to examples of what he was talking about.One came from the Twitter account of the tech publication The Verge that had tweeted a picture of President Donald Trump hugging the American flag with the message, "The coronavirus is now the American virus."Nilay Patel, editor-in-chief of The Verge, said his publication's team is based primarily in New York and San Francisco and is devastated by the disease's impact on those communities."Our story is anything but gleeful, and calls the administration's failure to act a 'dark lesson,'" he said on Tuesday. "Marco Rubio should spend his time worrying about the people of Florida."Rubio also cited a tweet by Benjamin Wittes, founder of the Lawfare blog, who tweeted a link to a story about the milestone with the message, "We're Number One!" The senator also criticized a profane tweet by GQ magazine writer Julia Ioffe.Cartoonist Bill Bramhall of the New York Daily News drew Rubio's ire for a weekend drawing that showed a graph of U.S. coronavirus cases rising while a man in a red MAGA hat chants, "USA, USA, USA."Rubio also criticized Paul Krugman, columnist at The New York Times, for using figures on coronavirus provided by the Chinese government. The senator has said he doesn't believe those numbers are accurate.In calling out Rubio for his vagueness and requesting an apology, Karl said journalists at CBS and NBC News had died of COVID-19, the disease caused by the virus, and two members of the White House press corps are suspected of having contracted the virus. On Tuesday, CNN anchor Chris Cuomo announced that he had the virus.Load-Date: April 1, 2020End of Document

Rubio specifies journalists for 'glee' in virus deathsAssociated Press InternationalMarch 31, 2020 Tuesday 8:33 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWSLength: 376 wordsDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, pressed to identify media figures that he said expressed "glee" at Americans getting coronavirus, has cited an editorial cartoonist, a magazine writer, an online tech publication and an online editor.The Republican senator took heat for a tweet over the weekend that said some media members "can't contain their delight" at reports that the United States had surpassed China in the number of coronavirus cases.He was criticized for using the vague term "some in the media," and ABC News' Jonathan Karl, president of the White House Correspondents Association, called on Rubio to apologize. He didn't, but late Monday pointed to examples of what he was talking about.One came from the Twitter account of the tech publication The Verge that had tweeted a picture of President Donald Trump hugging the American flag with the message, "The coronavirus is now the American virus."Nilay Patel, editor-in-chief of The Verge, said his publication's team is based primarily in New York and San Francisco and is devastated by the disease's impact on those communities."Our story is anything but gleeful, and calls the administration's failure to act a 'dark lesson,'" he said on Tuesday. "Marco Rubio should spend his time worrying about the people of Florida."Rubio also cited a tweet by Benjamin Wittes, founder of the Lawfare blog, who tweeted a link to a story about the milestone with the message, "We're Number One!" The senator also criticized a profane tweet by GQ magazine writer Julia Ioffe.Cartoonist Bill Bramhall of the New York Daily News drew Rubio's ire for a weekend drawing that showed a graph of U.S. coronavirus cases rising while a man in a red MAGA hat chants, "USA, USA, USA."Rubio also criticized Paul Krugman, columnist at The New York Times, for using figures on coronavirus provided by the Chinese government. The senator has said he doesn't believe those numbers are accurate.In calling out Rubio for his vagueness and requesting an apology, Karl said journalists at CBS and NBC News had died of COVID-19, the disease caused by the virus, and two members of the White House press corps are suspected of having contracted the virus. On Tuesday, CNN anchor Chris Cuomo announced that he had the virus.Load-Date: April 1, 2020End of Document

China, the virus and the free pressCE Noticias Financieras EnglishApril 3, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 546 wordsBodyIt is becoming increasingly clear that China's dictatorship suppressed the news of the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan city for about three weeks before the rumor began circulating on social media on December 30. By then, thousands of people with the virus had traveled to other parts of China, Italy and the United States.> > A new study by the University of Southampton shows that if China's regime had started taking social estrangement measures three weeks earlier, the number of coronavirus cases in China would have been reduced by 95%. Moreover, countries around the world would have had more time to prepare.> > This is not to justify Trump's attempt to blame China for all the coronavirus crisis. The rise in the killing of the virus in the United States is also largely due to the fact that Trump fell asleep for two months before taking the first steps to combat the virus.> > During that time, Trump and his Fox News acolytes suggested that the coronavirus crisis was a "farce" supposedly invented by Democrats to discredit the president. Trump just reacted to the crisis weeks after most of the media he calls "enemies of the people" warned about the pandemic, and after the stock market collapse in mid-March> > But, leaving Trump aside, the pandemic timelines compiled separately by Axios.com and the Spanish Office of Reporters Without Borders indicate that the epidemic was able to expand due to censorship of the Chinese regime.> > On December 10 , a patient was admitted to Wuhan Central Hospital with a rare infection in both lungs. From December 12, more patients with the same symptoms arrived at Wuhan hospitals, and doctors discovered that some of those admitted worked at an exotic animal market.> On December 27, doctors informed Wuhan health officials that a new type of coronavirus was causing the disease. On 30 December, Ai Fen, director of Wuhan Central Hospital, wrote on the weChat social network about the new virus and was scolded by the authorities.> On 31 December, the World Health Organization learned about the new virus in Wuhan. On 3 January, eight doctors at Wuhan Central Hospital were arrested for "spreading false rumors." In China, all news about epidemics must be clarified by the central government.> > On January 11, Chinese state media reported on the first known death of the new virus in Wuhan. By then, it had been more than a month since the first patients reporting the new virus had entered Wuhan hospitals.> > The outbreak in Wuhan of COVID-19 should serve as a reminder that local media, like nationals, are essential not only to preserving democracy and combating corruption, but also to protecting public health.> , and local media in Wuhan City could have reported on the new virus from the beginning! And how much worse America would be if the free press hadn't alerted the public to the pandemic from the beginning, when Trump said I'm not at all concerned" about the epidemic that was growing at a rapid pace in China!> > So the next time Trump or the presidents of Brazil or the Philippines, to name a few, lash out against the media as "the enemies of the people. , think of the coronavirus pandemic. Without a free, independent and critical press, it will be difficult to stop the pandemics of the future in time.>Load-Date: April 4, 2020End of Document

Bet on digital museums in coronavirus timesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 12, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 624 wordsBodyMEXICO CITY, March 12.- Faced with the World Health Organization (WHO) declaration of pandemic, dozens of museums have announced the closing of doors so as not to contribute to the spread of the disease. However, this quarantine measure does not mean total unemployment on the part of the culture. The Castello di Rivoli museum of contemporary art located in Turin, a province in northern Italy, presented its Digital Cosmos project, which consists of offering digital tours of the museum in this technological age and especially in times of coronavirus - north of Italy has been isolated to prevent the spread of covid-19. In a video, Carolyn Christov-Bakargiev, the venue's director, said the museum will remain open during this contingency, but through the computer, cell phone and other digital devices. Within the content of this "digital cosmos" are works of art created to be exhibited in the virtual world, as is the work of the artist Giuseppe Penone, who awarded the museum six videos of his series "Ephemeris", 2016. Another material is the "Still Life" tour, in which Christov-Bakargiev explains in a video the pieces of artists such as Maurizio Cattelan -the artist who went viral for the banana with tape to isolate in Art Basel Miami-, Emilio Prini, Giorgio Morandi, among others. The site also offers old lectures that have been held at the pinacoteca, including one with artist and activist Ai Weiwei - who last week caused controversy for comparing coronavirus with pasta because Italians scattered it around the world - as well as such as other archival materials, for example, the animated story "Mother" by the English artist Marianna Simnett and the restoration of the first contemporary art virtual site in history, created in 2008 at the 16th Sydney Biennale. This museum has not been the only one to take this initiative in the face of coronavirus insulation. The Uffizi Gallery opened a Facebook account to offer its audience the opportunity to access the rooms from their homes. "Even though museums have had to close their doors, art and culture don't stop," said Eike Schmidt, director of the museum via a video on Facebook. In brief videos, the director will give a tour of the museum giving explanations about the works it houses. The project was named "Uffizi Decameron", referring to the most important work of the writer Giovanni Boccaccio, where young people venture into the forest to move away from their village where plague rules. The Chinese government requested in early 2020 the construction of an online platform to showcase the collections of its museums because these "cultural products" are useful for "enriching the spirit and cultural life" during the then-epidemic, stated in a statement addressed to the venues. Among the museums that offer this service are the China Three Gorges Museum and the Natural History Museum of Chongqing Municipality and the National Museum of Beijing, which offers a tour of expatriate pieces of Italy, to name a few. The health contingency forced Beijing's X Museum to postpone its opening. However, the venue has already started activities with an interactive space on the web that has video game features. Although the portal was not specifically intended to be launched by the coronavirus, it is something that had already been contemplated since October last year. The global health crisis has represented an opportunity to learn about the future that awaits the experiences offered by museums, spaces that increasingly transcend their physical and geographical boundaries because, although many participate in this dynamics to provide culture to their quarantined compatriots, it also makes it possible for people in other countries to access theirCollections.Load-Date: March 13, 2020End of Document

CDC UPDATES GUIDANCE FOR COVID-19 TESTING, HEALTH CARE PERSONNELStates News ServiceMarch 9, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 481 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the American Hospital Association (AHA):The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention over the weekend updated its guidance for evaluating and testing patients for novel coronavirus (COVID-19), and for assessing and managing health care personnel with potential exposure to patients with the virus.The documents prioritize testing for symptomatic older adults and individuals with chronic medical conditions and/or immunocompromised, and update recommendations for health care professional contact tracing, monitoring and work restrictions, among other changes.The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services also has released answers to frequently asked questions regarding Medicare payment for laboratory tests and other COVID-19-related services.According to CDC, novel coronavirus cases have now been reported in 34 U.S. states, with worldwide cases topping 110,000 over the weekend. The agency is focusing its community recommendations (https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/specific-groups/high-risk-complications.html) on individuals at high risk, such as older adults and those with underlying health conditions.The Department of Health and Human Services' Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority Friday solicited proposals for advanced development and licensure of COVID-19 diagnostics, vaccines, and medicines such as therapeutics or antivirals.As the outbreak continues, the AABB Interorganizational Task Force on Domestic Disasters and Acts of Terrorism, of which AHA is a member, is concerned about the possibility of blood shortages and is encouraging Americans to make and keep blood donation appointments and organized blood drives to minimize supply disruptions and ensure availability for patients.To improve the nation's supply chain for critical supplies needed to fight the virus, the Trump administration is allowing tariff exception requests for suppliers of a broad range of medical products from China, including face masks and gloves. Without an exception, such products are subject to a 7.5% duty under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974. One supplier, Medegen Medical Products, LLC, requested an exception for single-use polypropylene medical masks to provide personal protection for health care workers. The move follows an announcement by the Chinese government encouraging the exportation of personal protective equipment, including protective suits.Following last week's CMS update on coronavirus payment and coverage through federal entitlement programs, private payers are beginning to adjust their policies. Blue Cross Blue Shield's 36 individual plans said they are eliminating prior authorization for COVID-19 services; covering the full cost of diagnostic tests for COVID-19; increasing access to prescription medications; and expanding access to telehealth and nurse/provider hotlines.Load-Date: March 10, 2020End of Document

Jefferies Group CFO has died from coronavirus complications, becoming the first high-profile financial leader to fall victim to the pandemicBusiness Insider USMarch 29, 2020 Sunday 04:55 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 374 wordsByline: feedback@businessinsider.com,  (Ellen Cranley)Highlight: The executive's death marks the first among high-profile financial figures as the outbreak has continued to spread.BodyAndriy Blokhin/Shutterstock• Peregrine "Peg" Broadbent, the chief financial officer of Jefferies Group LLC, has died from coronavirus complications. • The financial-services company said in a statementthat Broadbent had served as CFO since 2007 until his death. • The executive's death marks the first among high-profile financial figures as the outbreak has been linked to illnesses and deaths among famous names in entertainment, media, and hospitality. • Visit Business Insider's homepage for more stories.Peregrine "Peg" Broadbent, the chief financial officer of Jefferies Group LLC, has died from coronavirus complications at the age of 56, the company said in a statement released Sunday.Broadbent became CFO of the financial services company in 2007 after 16 years at Morgan Stanley. "The loss of Peg is incredibly personal for us as he was a member of our own extended family," Jefferies' Chief Executive Rich Handler and President Brian Friedman said in a joint statement. "For over a dozen years, Peg has been our CFO and partner, and helped us build Jefferies from less than half its current size, and navigate through hard times and good times."The statement also described Broadbent as "a much-loved and respected leader to the incredible global team that provides the support, foundation, and glue across our firm."Broadbent is survived by his wife and four children, according to the company's statement. The executive's death marks the first among high-profile financial figures as the outbreak has been linked to illnesses and deaths among famous names in entertainment, media, and hospitality. More than 30,000 deaths have been identified across the world in the novel coronavirus pandemic, which originated in central China in December. The United States has seen a significant rise in cases in the last month, and now has the most confirmed cases in the world. See Also:• The US coronavirus death toll has surpassed 2,000, doubling in just 2 days• A Wuhan seafood vendor believed to be one of the first coronavirus patients says 'a lot fewer people would have died' if the Chinese government acted sooner• A third of the global population is on coronavirus lockdown - here's our constantly updated list of countries and restrictionsLoad-Date: March 29, 2020End of Document

U.S. Senator Proposes Banning use of TikTok for Federal WorkersCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 5, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 274 wordsBodyBy Nandita BoseWASHINGTON, Mar 4 (Reuters) - Republican Sen. Josh Hawley said Wednesday that will introduce a legislative initiative to ban federal employees from using the TikTok app on their electronic devices, accusing the company of sharing data with the Chinese government.Hawley said the proposed ban will apply to state-provided devices.These comments add to the growing tensions between Washington and Beijing over trade and technology transfers."TikTok is accumulating immense amounts of data and is sharing it with Beijing. They are required to do so," Hawley told the press after a Senate judiciary hearing on the connections of the great tech stuns with China."In the case of federal employees, this is a no-brainer. It's a big security risk. (...) Do we really want Beijing to have geolocation data for all federal employees?" he said.There are already several U.S. agencies dealing with national security and intelligence issues that have banned employees from using the app, which allows users to create short videos, which has been rapidly gaining popularity among adolescents in the United States.About 60% of TikTok's 26.5 million monthly active users in the United States are between the ages of 16 and 24, the company said last year.In November, the US Administration called for a national security investigation into the operation by which TikTok's owner, Beijing ByteDance Technology, acquired for $1 billion the U.S. application Musical.ly. https://reut.rs/32Rva2HIt has not been indicated so far when the new legislative measure would enter into force.(Information from Nandita Bose in Washington; translated by Tomás Cobos)Load-Date: March 6, 2020End of Document

10 things in tech you need to know todayBusiness Insider USMay 26, 2020 Tuesday 02:55 AM GMTCopyright 2020 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 499 wordsByline: cburroughs@businessinsider.com,  (Callum Burroughs)Highlight: Virgin Orbit launch anomaly. Boring Company goes under the house in Las Vegas. Chinese tech slams Trump.BodyAP/zz/PBG/AAD/STAR MAX/IPxGood morning! This is the tech news you need to know this Tuesday.• The UK will review the role of China's Huawei in its 5G networks. Huawei had been given a limited role in providing equipment for the superfast mobile network, but that could now change.• Australia's Covidsafe app has faded into insignificance just one month after launch. The contact tracing app reportedly only helped identify one person with Covid-19 and has diminished in importance as the country's economy re-opens, according to The Guardian. • More than 40% of Republicans in a new poll say they think Bill Gates wants to use COVID-19 vaccines to implant location-tracking microchips in recipients. Gates, who has donated $300 million to coronavirus vaccine efforts, has become the target of online conspiracy theorists and conservative pundits over his coronavirus vaccination efforts.• Elon Musk's Boring Company has finished the tunneling for its Tesla-powered people mover in Las Vegas. The Boring Company completed the second of two tunnels underneath Las Vegas' convention center. • Chinese tech company Qihoo 360 slammed the US government for 'politicizing business' after it imposed export sanctions on 33 more Chinese companies and government institutions. Anti-virus software company Qihoo 360 said it opposed the action.• Doctors in UK hospitals are using headsets from Microsoft to reduce the amount of staff coming into contact with COVID-19 patients. The HoloLens headsets allow doctors to share their point of view with colleagues remotely, while also showing holographic projections to the doctor wearing the headset.• A robot barista that takes orders, makes coffee, and delivers drinks to customers is being used in South Korea to help with social distancing. The new robot can take orders, make 60 different types of coffee, and serve drinks to customers at their seats.• Drones will help to supply protective equipment to a hospital on a remote Scottish island. The 10-mile journey between mainland Oban and the Isle of Mull usually involves a road trip and a 45-minute ferry, should take only 15 minutes.• A 5G mast in Derbyshire, England was set on fire just days after it was erected. Attacks on 5G masts have been fuelled by a conspiracy theory wrongly linking 5G and coronavirus.• A Canadian e-commerce startup raised $2 million entirely over Zoom to offer try-before-you-buy fashion during coronavirus. The try-before-you-buy fashion startup has fast-tracked its launch process with Covid-19 closing physical clothes stores across North America.Have an Amazon Alexa device? Now you can hear 10 Things in Tech each morning. Just search for "Business Insider" in your Alexa's flash briefing settings.You can also subscribe to this newsletter here - just tick "10 Things in Tech You Need to Know."NOW WATCH: Pathologists debunk 13 coronavirus mythsSee Also:• 10 things in tech you need to know today• 10 things in tech you need to know today• 10 things in tech you need to know todayLoad-Date: May 26, 2020End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 05:00 ETBriefing.comApril 13, 2020 Monday 5:00 AM ESTCopyright 2020 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4558 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 13-Apr-20 05:00 ET06:01WIRES On The WiresElbit Systems (ESLT) announced that it was awarded two contracts valued at a total of approximately $20 million from Latin American customers to upgrade the capabilities of their Hermes 900 Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Both contracts will be performed within a 12-month period.Phoenix Tree Holdings (DNK) announced its Model Room Center in Beijing has received the WELL Silver Certification for its healthy living environment from the International WELL Building Institute. Danke is the first co-living platform in the world to obtain the WELL certification for a co-living project.JinkoSolar Holding (JKS) announced two separate, significant developments in its defense against patent litigation initiated by Hanwha Q CELL. (1) U.S. International Trade Commission ALJ finds no infringement of Hanwha Q CELLS patent. (2) U.S Patent and Trademark Appeal Board institutes inter partes review of the patentability of Hanwha Q CELLS patent.06:01ESLT Elbit Systems provides COVID-19 update; some businesses have begun to experience disruptions (122.66 )Potential impact on financial results: Co's 2019 Year End Financial Results Press Release from March 25, 2020, indicated that the pandemic has not had a material impact on the Company. Subsequently some of the businesses have begun to experience disruptions. Co is monitoring these businesses closely and plan to update the market in due course. Co has initiated a series of cost control measures to help limit the financial impact on the Company.Liquidity: Elbit Systems has a healthy balance sheet, adequate levels of cash and access to credit facilities that provide liquidity when necessary. We have used part of our financial resources to fund our suppliers and build buffer stocks of inventory where required.18:00WRAPX This week's biggest % gainers/losersThe following are this week's top percentage gainers and losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume)This week's top % gainers Healthcare: MNK (3.66 +115.29%), IMMU (19.64 +108.94%)Consumer Discretionary: EXPR (2.58 +95.45%), AGS (2.69 +86.81%), GCO (19.37 +86.25%)Financials: EFC (11.04 +183.08%), TRTX (6.55 +159.92%), LADR (8.14 +140.12%), IVR (4.42 +126.67%), MITT (3.44 +111.04%), GPMT (5.62 +110.49%), NYMT (2.24 +107.41%), TWO (4.91 +102.89%), ACRE (8.13 +94.03%), ABR (7.81 +92.36%)Energy: AR (1.47 +90.54%)This week's top % losers Healthcare: OMI (6.07 -10.47%), MRNA (31.86 -8.55%), DVAX (2.94 -7.26%), TDOC (146.66 -6.11%), GILD (73.51 -6.01%)Materials: SXC (3.06 -16.16%), SUZ (6.83 -7.45%)Information Technology: RNG (205.14 -8.32%), OSPN (15.59 -6.48%), EVBG (98.06 -6.14%)Financials: SQQQ (15.75 -26.61%), EHTH (115.01 -10.3%)Energy: BPT (4 -22.78%), HMLP (5.95 -11.33%), OAS (0.34 -8.82%), FLMN (2.42 -6.92%)Consumer Staples: SMPL (15.79 -15.88%), HAIN (25.4 -6.58%)17:19CLW Clearwater Paper appoints Michael J. Murphy as CFO, effective April 13 (21.01 +0.91)Mr. Murphy joins Clearwater Paper from NxEdge, where he served as CFO. Mr. Murphy succeeds Robert (Bob) G. Hrivnak, who will be leaving the company.17:16HIG Hartford Financial announces COVID-19 Personal Auto Payback Plan (41.88 +3.18)Recognizing the difficult time many customers are facing during the pandemic, The Hartford announced its COVID-19 Personal Auto Payback Plan, which will provide customers with a 15% refund on their April and May personal auto insurance premiums. Over the next two months, the company will distribute approximately $50 mln to its customers. The Hartford is working with state insurance departments to make these refunds as quickly as possible. The company intends to issue refunds over the next two months to all personal auto insurance customers with policies in force as of April 1, 2020. The refunds will be made by check or direct deposit into the account the customer used to pay their bill.17:04WWE World Wrestling to adjourn Annual Meeting of Stockholders due to COVID-19 (37.42 +1.15)World Wrestling Entertainment intends to convene and then immediately adjourn its Annual Meeting of Stockholders due to the rapidly evolving public health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental actions related thereto, including the State of Connecticut's Executive Order No. 7H dated March 20. The Annual Meeting is scheduled to occur at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 16. The Annual Meeting will be convened and then immediately adjourned to a time and place that will be announced at the meeting and by press release.16:59FRPT Freshpet comments on COVID-19 conditions; saw accelerated demand with the onset of the global health crisis (63.29 -5.42)The company is making notable investments designed to protect its team members so that they can address the surge in demand that exceeded its production capacity during the first quarter and rebuild trade inventories in the second quarter when consumers begin to draw down their pantry stock.Billy Cyr, Freshpet's CEO, commented, "One of the benefits of the pet food business is that it has very consistent consumption patterns -- which are continuing, but the current situation has distorted the buying behavior for that consumption. While it is not clear how long this crisis will last, the impact it will have on consumer shopping behavior going forward, or how long it will take retailers to return to their traditional activities, we are committed to helping our retail partners meet the needs of those whom they serve every day.""As we outlined at our Investor Day in February, our recent growth had been very robust such that we were playing catch up to fulfill demand. With the onset of the COVID-19 global health crisis, our demand continued to accelerate as pet parents prioritized shopping for their pets' needs. While we expect a trough in retail sales behind the surge, we remain diligent in ensuring that our manufacturing operations are safe through additional investments when necessary and believe all of our efforts demonstrate the strength of our organization, the business we have built and the merits of our mission and values that are focused on Pets. People. Planet."16:57IRTC iRhythm reports preliminary 1Q20 revenue inline with consensus and withdraws FY20 guidance (82.56 +2.56)Co reports inline preliminary revenue for 1Q20, sees revenue of $61-$62 mln vs the $61.7 mln S&P Capital IQ consensus.The company estimates an impact due to COVID-19 of approximately $2.0-$2.5 mln in revenue in the first quarter of 2020.Although the company cannot currently predict the extent or duration of the COVID-19 related impact to its financial results, the company does expect the impact of COVID-19 to be more significant in the near-term.IRTC is also withdrawing full-year 2020 guidance.16:55PII Polaris Industries enters into an incremental $300 mln unsecured term loan under existing credit facility to increase its liquidity position (56.00 +3.11)16:52IIPR Innovative Industrial Properties issues response to short-seller report (75.52 +6.37)Innovative Industrial Properties announced that it "is aware of a short-seller report released earlier today, which contains numerous false and misleading statements about IIP and its Executive Chairman, Alan Gold. The report is flawed and demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of IIP's business model. As such, most of the report's content does not warrant a response from IIP. Mr. Gold, however, strongly refutes any inference that he is not firmly committed to the long-term success of IIP."As of today, Mr. Gold beneficially owns, either directly or through his children's trusts, 377,086 shares of common stock of IIP valued at approx. $28.5 mln. Mr. Gold has not sold a single share of common stock in IIP since inception.16:50OMI Owens & Minor discloses update relating to the pending divestiture of its Movianto business for $133 mln in cash (6.07 +0.39)On April 6, Owens & Minor entered into an purchase agreement by and among Owens & Minor International Logistics, Owens & Minor, Walden Group SAS, and EHDH. The purchase agreement provides for the sale to Walden Group of the Owens & Minor's Movianto business, as well as certain support functions in the company's Dublin office. The total price payable by Walden Group for the divestiture is $133 mln in cash, which is based upon a locked box calculation. The company continues to believe that the divestiture will close in the first half of 2020. However, due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, there is a possibility that the closing will be delayed.16:48BCRX BioCryst Pharma opens enrollment into a clinical trial to assess galidesivir in patients with COVID-19 (2.07 +0.07)Co has opened enrollment into a clinical trial to assess galidesivir in patients with COVID-19. The trial (NCT03891420) is being funded by NIAID.Galidesivir is an investigational broad-spectrum antiviral drug that was safe and well tolerated in previously reported Phase 1 trials in healthy subjects. The trial will be conducted in Brazil under a U.S. investigational new drug application, and the protocol also has been approved by ANVISA and the Brazilian National Ethics Committee (CONEP).16:46SLP Simulations Plus reports 2Q20 EPS of $0.12 vs. the $0.14 two analyst estimate; revenue of $10.3 mln vs. the $9.9 mln estimate (35.95 +1.60)Commentary: "Our new business sales have slowed, as our customers deal with the Covid-related interruptions and uncertainty. To date, this has resulted in sales pipeline growth, as sales have been mostly delayed but not lost. To proactively contribute to solving this worldwide pandemic, we established the StrategiesPlus COVID-19 ACT Program to speed consulting assistance to any organization involved in coronavirus research."16:44FLR Fluor announces extension of LOGCAP IV contract with US Army (7.86 +0.58)Fluor announced today that the Army Contracting Command - Rock Island has extended Fluor's current Logistics Civil Augmentation Program (LOGCAP) IV contract, as the Army continues to implement the transition to LOGCAP V. Fluor will continue to provide forward operating support for Afghanistan through December 2020, for US Africa Command (AFRICOM) through June 2020 or as extended until Fluor begins work on LOGCAP V, and for US Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) through March 2021, or until it transitions to LOGCAP V.16:41REVG REV Group suspends dividend, furloughs employees (4.39 +0.14)Co has furloughed most salaried employees within its Recreation segment which, as previously disclosed, suspended normal production activities during the week of March 23.Co will suspend quarterly dividend beginning fiscal Q2.Co says it currently maintains strong liquidity with approximately $200 million of availability under its existing ABL credit facility including cash on hand.16:41ADT ADT announces that Jim DeVries, President and CEO, tested positive for the COVID-19 virus (5.35 +0.65)ADT announced to its employees that Jim DeVries, President and CEO, tested positive for the COVID-19 virus. Mr. DeVries showed mild symptoms and was tested on March 31. On April 7, he was informed that the test was positive. Mr. DeVries has continued to perform his responsibilities as President and Chief Executive Officer at all times, and has not shown any symptoms since April 5. The company maintains succession plans for all senior executives including temporary delegation of responsibilities to other leaders within the organization if necessary for any reason.16:33AERI Aerie Pharma withdraws 2020 guidance for net revenues and net cash used in operations (15.25 +1.85)Co provides a business update associated with the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on company operations.While Aerie volumes increased in 1Q20 compared to 4Q19 for both Rhopressa 0.02% and Rocklatan 0.02%/0.005%, the pace of volumes, as seen with the entire pharmaceutical market according to IQVIA data, has declined as the COVID-19 impact became elevated in late March and into April 2020 to date. There has been a positive partial offset from increasing 90-days' supply activity, but with many eye care professionals' offices closed or in the process of closing, new prescription growth has slowed.AERI is withdrawing its 2020 guidance for net revenues and net cash used in operations, which includes the net revenue guidance as a component. As would be expected, the company is currently experiencing travel and meeting expenses below original internal expectations. Guidance will be updated when there is clarity going forward.AERI has observed no disruptions to date in its supply chain for production of Rhopressa and Rocklatan. The company believes it has approximately three years of starting materials and active pharmaceutical ingredient in inventory, and adequate supply of finished product on hand to support its commercial efforts for at least the next six months, and production continues.16:30O Realty Income withdraws 2020 guidance; draws $1.20 bln on its revolving credit facility (56.68 +3.55)The company recently borrowed an additional $1.20 bln under its revolving credit facility, as to further strengthen its liquidity position and to enhance its financial flexibility. The total capacity of the revolving credit facility is $3.0 bln, of which, as of April 9, approx. $1.2 bln of capacity remains, excluding the revolving credit facility's $1.0 bln accordion feature.As of April 9, the company has a cash balance of $1.25 bln.Given the economic uncertainty and rapidly-evolving circumstances related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the company is withdrawing its previously issued 2020 guidance and is not providing an updated outlook at this time.16:27BOOT Boot Barn Holdings withdraws Q4 and FY20 guidance; furloughed approximately 40% of the employees at its central office location, distribution centers, and stores (15.98 +0.18)Co is withdrawing its guidance for Q4 and FY20 as management expects the COVID-19 outbreak to have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results.As a result of lower store traffic and temporary closures of certain stores due to the COVID-19 outbreak, the company has reduced its hours of operations and the hours of its store associates. Additionally, the company has furloughed approximately 40% of the employees at its central office location, distribution centers, and stores.Effective April 12, 2020, the base salaries of James Conroy, President and Chief Executive Officer, and all other named executive officers and other senior executives at the company, will be temporarily reduced 50% and 25%, respectively. The company has also deferred until no later than September 1, 2020, the payment of any annual cash performance bonuses to the management team for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020.16:27VVNT Vivint Smart Home provides COVID-19 business update (11.00 -0.80)Among other updates on operational changes taken due to COVID-19, the company notes:"Based on state and local government guidelines, we have temporarily paused all door-to-door sales activities across North America.""We are implementing business continuity plans intended to ensure the health, safety and well-being of our customers, employees and communities, and to protect the financial and operational strength of the company. We are trimming discretionary spending to preserve cash and improve our cost structure. We have also drawn down $100 million on our revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure to increase our cash position and preserve liquidity and financial flexibility in light of current uncertainty in the global markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.""We are making a change to our business in Canada. Each account sold in Canada has historically required a significant cash investment by the company. Effective June 10, 2020, Vivint Canada, Inc. will no longer sell new equipment or accounts through its door-to-door sales channel. We will continue to sell through online marketing and our inside sales channels. We remain committed to our customers in Canada and will continue to operate there with dedicated support and services. We will continue to adjust these plans in response to the global situation with COVID-19."16:23IVZ Invesco reports preliminary month-end assets under management for March of $1,053.4 bln, a decrease of 9.1% vs the prior month-end (9.86 +0.39)The firm achieved net inflows of $6.8 bln this month. Net inflows were driven by a $26.1 bln increase in money market AUM and net long-term inflows in the institutional business of $11.2 bln due to the funding of several large client mandates, including the partial funding of a previously disclosed Solutions win. Overall net long-term outflows were $10.5 bln, and non-management fee earning outflows were $8.8 bln. The decrease in AUM was negatively impacted by unfavorable market returns, which decreased AUM by $110 bln. FX decreased AUM by $4.2 bln. Preliminary average total AUM for the quarter through March 31 were $1,176.3 bln, and preliminary average active AUM for the quarter through March 31 were $889.3 bln.16:21WRAPX Closing Market Summary: Shortened Week Ends on Higher NoteThe stock market climbed to end the holiday-shortened week, but the Thursday affair saw some intraday volatility. The S&P 500 gained 1.5%, extending this week's advance to 12.1% while the Nasdaq (+0.8%) underperformed but still gained 10.6% for the week.The market climbed out of the gate after the release of another horrific weekly initial claims report was masked by news of more unprecedented action from the Fed to help none of the 16 million people who got fired over the past three weeks. Of course, the Fed would protest that direct support is not in its mandate, but neither is the ability to purchase junk bond ETFs or collateralized debt obligations, which can now be acquired by the Fed. The central bank also added another $2.30 trln in emergency lending capacity for businesses and municipalities. Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, said that the central bank will continue using its powers forcefully, proactively, and aggressively.In Europe, the Bank of England announced that it will begin directly financing the U.K.'s fiscal needs while German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, rejected Italy's demand for the issuance of joint euro debt.Also of note, the Japanese government will reportedly spend up to $2.20 bln to help Japanese manufacturers move their production facilities out of China.Equities backpedaled from their highs in the afternoon, but ten out of eleven sectors were able to finish in the green. The gains were paced by groups like financials (+5.2%), real estate (+5.2%), and utilities (+4.8%).The top-weighted technology sector (UNCH) lagged, which was also the case earlier in the week. The sector climbed 10.6% for the week while chipmakers also underperformed today. The PHLX Semiconductor Index lost 2.3%, narrowing this week's gain to 11.0%.Costco (COST 300.01, -5.96, -2.0%) reported a 12.1% jump in domestic comparable sales in March, but its stock finished lower since the market had already priced in strong March sales.The energy sector (-1.1%) turned negative in the afternoon amid volatility in crude oil. That volatility followed conflicting headlines from the OPEC+ meeting, where producers struggled to agree to a large output cut. The Wall Street Journal reported in the late afternoon that daily output in May and June will be reduced by ten million barrels. Crude oil ended the day lower by $2.30, or 9.1%, at $22.87/bbl.Treasuries finished near their highs, sending the 10-yr yield lower by four basis points to 0.73%.The U.S. Dollar Index fell 0.6% to 99.50, widening this week's loss to 1.0%.Reviewing today's economic data:It was another dismal initial claims report, with 6.606 million jobless claims filed for the week ending April 4 (Briefing.com consensus 5.000 million), bringing the three-week total to 13,476,307 after revisions. Continuing claims for the week ending March 28 hit a record high 7.455 millionThe key takeaway from the jobless claims data is that the number of filings is simply astounding and a true sign of the vast impact of the sudden economic stop. Unfortunately, it likely still doesn't capture the fullness of the impact as it's reasonable to assume that the system for filing claims is overwhelmed and not facilitating every effort to file for jobless benefitsThe preliminary reading for the University of Michigan's Consumer Sentiment Index for April plummeted to 71.0 (Briefing.com consensus 79.3) from 89.1 in March. This is the largest monthly decline on record The key takeaway from the report is that the more modest decline in the Expectations Index captures a feeling that the impact of the COVID-19 cases and death rates could soon peak, allowing for a restart of the economy The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.2% m/m in March (Briefing.com consensus -0.4%). Core PPI was up 0.2% (Briefing.com consensus -0.1%) The key takeaway from the report is that it doesn't fully reflect the impact of the COVID-19 shutdown measures as the pricing date for the survey was March 10 Wholesale inventories decreased by 0.7% in February (Briefing.com consensus -0.4%) after decreasing a revised 0.6% (from -0.4%) in JanuaryThere is no data scheduled for Monday.Nasdaq Composite -9.1% YTD S&P 500 -13.7% YTD Dow Jones Industrial Average -16.9% YTD Russell 2000 -25.3% YTD16:20WCC Wesco: Anixter shareholders vote to approve previously-announced merger (26.47 +1.64)WCC provides update regarding its previously announced merger with Anixter (AXE).Earlier today, Anixter held a special meeting of stockholders; The merger was approved by approximately 99.42% of the votes cast at the special meeting, which represented approximately 82.26% of the total outstanding shares of Anixter common stock. WESCO has obtained debt financing commitments from Barclays Bank. WESCO continues to expect to complete the transaction in the second or third quarter of 2020.16:20APAM Artisan Partners Asset Mgmt reports assets under management as of March 31 of $95.2 bln vs $111.7 bln at prior month-end (22.84 +1.33)16:18FOXF Fox Factory Holding expects Q1 sales to be slightly above low end of previous guidance range, adjusted EPS expected to be at or near low end of guidance range (50.46 +2.61)For 1Q20, the company now expects sales to be slightly above the low end of its previously provided guidance range of $182-$190 million, inline with the S&P Capital IQ consensus of $182.3 mln. Non-GAAP adjusted EPS is now expected to be at or near the low end of its previously provided guidance range of $0.55 to $0.60, pending the company's evaluation of costs associated with mandated closures, net of government benefits. The S&P 500 Capital IQ consensus is $0.58.Due to the rapidly evolving market conditions domestically and internationally in response to the continued spread of COVID-19, the company is suspending its full fiscal year 2020 guidance previously provided on March 3, 2020.The company's manufacturing facilities in North America have been affected by local and state "shelter in place" or "stay at home" orders including the temporary suspension of non-essential operations in certain facilities. Where local regulations permit, the company has limited its workforce to only essential production and maintenance.In response to the manufacturing slowdown caused by these various North American "shelter in place" or "stay at home" orders, the company is taking action to manage costs by enacting executive pay cuts and temporary furloughs, curtailing non-essential capital expenditures, and reducing expenses overall during this time.16:17LZB La-Z-Boy provides update on COVID-19 action plan (22.92 +2.03)With a continued focus on health, safety, and well-being, the company will continue to:Evaluate plans and timing to re-open the 155 company-owned La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries stores on a case by case basis; the company expects the cadence of store openings to vary.Evaluate plans and timing to re-start production at its US- and Mexico-based manufacturing facilities, in line with applicable federal, state, and local requirements and guidelines, as well as customer demand, with no firm date established; the company is monitoring health, safety, and market conditions continually and plans to open as conditions dictate.Operate its Regional Distribution Centers, adhering to safety guidelines, to deliver in-process orders.16:13CEMI Chembio Diagnostics collaborates with Stony Brook Medicine to identify coronavirus survivors (8.08 +0.64)Chembio Diagnostics today announced that its DPP COVID-19 serological point-of-care test for the detection of IgM and IgG antibodies has been selected for use in a Stony Brook Medicine effort to recruit patients who have recovered from COVID-19 infection. The study is intended to determine if convalescent blood plasma, the plasma from people who have recovered from COVID-19, can help treat hospitalized patients with active COVID-19 infection. In early April, Stony Brook University Hospital received FDA approval to offer convalescent blood plasma treatment to its patients through a randomized, controlled study and is expected to enroll up to 500 patients from the Long Island area. The Chembio DPP COVID-19 test is being used to confirm that patients were infected with COVID-19 and now have adequate levels of IgG antibodies to make them eligible to donate convalescent plasma.16:08HA Hawaiian Holdings discloses "sharp declines" in March traffic amid COVID-19; has reduced scheduled service systemwide by 95% through April (11.82 +0.61)Hawaiian Airlines, a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, saw sharp declines in its system-wide traffic statistics in March 2020 as government mandated restrictions on travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic became more numerous.Demand declines that began with US government restrictions on Chinese arrivals in late January accelerated in mid-March, when governments in Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, American Samoa and Hawai'i instituted requirements of self-isolation or quarantine for incoming arrivals. Hawaiian Airlines has responded to the diminishing demand by reducing its scheduled service systemwide by 95% through April 2020.In March, system-wide RPMs declined 40.9% yr/yr while ASMs fell 11.9% yr/yr; load factor was 58.0%, down from 86.4% one year ago. Passengers transported fell 45.4% yr/yr.16:07TXG 10x Genomics guides Q1 revenue in-line, withdraws full year guidance (65.92 +1.60)Co issues in-line guidance for Q1 (Mar), sees Q1 (Mar) revs of $71-72 mln vs. $71.04 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As the pandemic spread from China to countries worldwide, the company saw a significant reduction in customer activity other than research related to the virus. Social distancing and stay-at-home orders have temporarily closed many academic and government labs. Co currently believes that its existing cash position, along with cash generated from sales of its products, will be sufficient to meet its anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Co is withdrawing its previously announced annual revenue guidance for 2020.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: April 13, 2020End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 05:00 ETBriefing.comApril 13, 2020 Monday 5:00 AM ESTCopyright 2020 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4558 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 13-Apr-20 05:00 ET06:01WIRES On The WiresElbit Systems (ESLT) announced that it was awarded two contracts valued at a total of approximately $20 million from Latin American customers to upgrade the capabilities of their Hermes 900 Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Both contracts will be performed within a 12-month period.Phoenix Tree Holdings (DNK) announced its Model Room Center in Beijing has received the WELL Silver Certification for its healthy living environment from the International WELL Building Institute. Danke is the first co-living platform in the world to obtain the WELL certification for a co-living project.JinkoSolar Holding (JKS) announced two separate, significant developments in its defense against patent litigation initiated by Hanwha Q CELL. (1) U.S. International Trade Commission ALJ finds no infringement of Hanwha Q CELLS patent. (2) U.S Patent and Trademark Appeal Board institutes inter partes review of the patentability of Hanwha Q CELLS patent.06:01ESLT Elbit Systems provides COVID-19 update; some businesses have begun to experience disruptions (122.66 )Potential impact on financial results: Co's 2019 Year End Financial Results Press Release from March 25, 2020, indicated that the pandemic has not had a material impact on the Company. Subsequently some of the businesses have begun to experience disruptions. Co is monitoring these businesses closely and plan to update the market in due course. Co has initiated a series of cost control measures to help limit the financial impact on the Company.Liquidity: Elbit Systems has a healthy balance sheet, adequate levels of cash and access to credit facilities that provide liquidity when necessary. We have used part of our financial resources to fund our suppliers and build buffer stocks of inventory where required.18:00WRAPX This week's biggest % gainers/losersThe following are this week's top percentage gainers and losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume)This week's top % gainers Healthcare: MNK (3.66 +115.29%), IMMU (19.64 +108.94%)Consumer Discretionary: EXPR (2.58 +95.45%), AGS (2.69 +86.81%), GCO (19.37 +86.25%)Financials: EFC (11.04 +183.08%), TRTX (6.55 +159.92%), LADR (8.14 +140.12%), IVR (4.42 +126.67%), MITT (3.44 +111.04%), GPMT (5.62 +110.49%), NYMT (2.24 +107.41%), TWO (4.91 +102.89%), ACRE (8.13 +94.03%), ABR (7.81 +92.36%)Energy: AR (1.47 +90.54%)This week's top % losers Healthcare: OMI (6.07 -10.47%), MRNA (31.86 -8.55%), DVAX (2.94 -7.26%), TDOC (146.66 -6.11%), GILD (73.51 -6.01%)Materials: SXC (3.06 -16.16%), SUZ (6.83 -7.45%)Information Technology: RNG (205.14 -8.32%), OSPN (15.59 -6.48%), EVBG (98.06 -6.14%)Financials: SQQQ (15.75 -26.61%), EHTH (115.01 -10.3%)Energy: BPT (4 -22.78%), HMLP (5.95 -11.33%), OAS (0.34 -8.82%), FLMN (2.42 -6.92%)Consumer Staples: SMPL (15.79 -15.88%), HAIN (25.4 -6.58%)17:19CLW Clearwater Paper appoints Michael J. Murphy as CFO, effective April 13 (21.01 +0.91)Mr. Murphy joins Clearwater Paper from NxEdge, where he served as CFO. Mr. Murphy succeeds Robert (Bob) G. Hrivnak, who will be leaving the company.17:16HIG Hartford Financial announces COVID-19 Personal Auto Payback Plan (41.88 +3.18)Recognizing the difficult time many customers are facing during the pandemic, The Hartford announced its COVID-19 Personal Auto Payback Plan, which will provide customers with a 15% refund on their April and May personal auto insurance premiums. Over the next two months, the company will distribute approximately $50 mln to its customers. The Hartford is working with state insurance departments to make these refunds as quickly as possible. The company intends to issue refunds over the next two months to all personal auto insurance customers with policies in force as of April 1, 2020. The refunds will be made by check or direct deposit into the account the customer used to pay their bill.17:04WWE World Wrestling to adjourn Annual Meeting of Stockholders due to COVID-19 (37.42 +1.15)World Wrestling Entertainment intends to convene and then immediately adjourn its Annual Meeting of Stockholders due to the rapidly evolving public health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental actions related thereto, including the State of Connecticut's Executive Order No. 7H dated March 20. The Annual Meeting is scheduled to occur at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 16. The Annual Meeting will be convened and then immediately adjourned to a time and place that will be announced at the meeting and by press release.16:59FRPT Freshpet comments on COVID-19 conditions; saw accelerated demand with the onset of the global health crisis (63.29 -5.42)The company is making notable investments designed to protect its team members so that they can address the surge in demand that exceeded its production capacity during the first quarter and rebuild trade inventories in the second quarter when consumers begin to draw down their pantry stock.Billy Cyr, Freshpet's CEO, commented, "One of the benefits of the pet food business is that it has very consistent consumption patterns -- which are continuing, but the current situation has distorted the buying behavior for that consumption. While it is not clear how long this crisis will last, the impact it will have on consumer shopping behavior going forward, or how long it will take retailers to return to their traditional activities, we are committed to helping our retail partners meet the needs of those whom they serve every day.""As we outlined at our Investor Day in February, our recent growth had been very robust such that we were playing catch up to fulfill demand. With the onset of the COVID-19 global health crisis, our demand continued to accelerate as pet parents prioritized shopping for their pets' needs. While we expect a trough in retail sales behind the surge, we remain diligent in ensuring that our manufacturing operations are safe through additional investments when necessary and believe all of our efforts demonstrate the strength of our organization, the business we have built and the merits of our mission and values that are focused on Pets. People. Planet."16:57IRTC iRhythm reports preliminary 1Q20 revenue inline with consensus and withdraws FY20 guidance (82.56 +2.56)Co reports inline preliminary revenue for 1Q20, sees revenue of $61-$62 mln vs the $61.7 mln S&P Capital IQ consensus.The company estimates an impact due to COVID-19 of approximately $2.0-$2.5 mln in revenue in the first quarter of 2020.Although the company cannot currently predict the extent or duration of the COVID-19 related impact to its financial results, the company does expect the impact of COVID-19 to be more significant in the near-term.IRTC is also withdrawing full-year 2020 guidance.16:55PII Polaris Industries enters into an incremental $300 mln unsecured term loan under existing credit facility to increase its liquidity position (56.00 +3.11)16:52IIPR Innovative Industrial Properties issues response to short-seller report (75.52 +6.37)Innovative Industrial Properties announced that it "is aware of a short-seller report released earlier today, which contains numerous false and misleading statements about IIP and its Executive Chairman, Alan Gold. The report is flawed and demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of IIP's business model. As such, most of the report's content does not warrant a response from IIP. Mr. Gold, however, strongly refutes any inference that he is not firmly committed to the long-term success of IIP."As of today, Mr. Gold beneficially owns, either directly or through his children's trusts, 377,086 shares of common stock of IIP valued at approx. $28.5 mln. Mr. Gold has not sold a single share of common stock in IIP since inception.16:50OMI Owens & Minor discloses update relating to the pending divestiture of its Movianto business for $133 mln in cash (6.07 +0.39)On April 6, Owens & Minor entered into an purchase agreement by and among Owens & Minor International Logistics, Owens & Minor, Walden Group SAS, and EHDH. The purchase agreement provides for the sale to Walden Group of the Owens & Minor's Movianto business, as well as certain support functions in the company's Dublin office. The total price payable by Walden Group for the divestiture is $133 mln in cash, which is based upon a locked box calculation. The company continues to believe that the divestiture will close in the first half of 2020. However, due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, there is a possibility that the closing will be delayed.16:48BCRX BioCryst Pharma opens enrollment into a clinical trial to assess galidesivir in patients with COVID-19 (2.07 +0.07)Co has opened enrollment into a clinical trial to assess galidesivir in patients with COVID-19. The trial (NCT03891420) is being funded by NIAID.Galidesivir is an investigational broad-spectrum antiviral drug that was safe and well tolerated in previously reported Phase 1 trials in healthy subjects. The trial will be conducted in Brazil under a U.S. investigational new drug application, and the protocol also has been approved by ANVISA and the Brazilian National Ethics Committee (CONEP).16:46SLP Simulations Plus reports 2Q20 EPS of $0.12 vs. the $0.14 two analyst estimate; revenue of $10.3 mln vs. the $9.9 mln estimate (35.95 +1.60)Commentary: "Our new business sales have slowed, as our customers deal with the Covid-related interruptions and uncertainty. To date, this has resulted in sales pipeline growth, as sales have been mostly delayed but not lost. To proactively contribute to solving this worldwide pandemic, we established the StrategiesPlus COVID-19 ACT Program to speed consulting assistance to any organization involved in coronavirus research."16:44FLR Fluor announces extension of LOGCAP IV contract with US Army (7.86 +0.58)Fluor announced today that the Army Contracting Command - Rock Island has extended Fluor's current Logistics Civil Augmentation Program (LOGCAP) IV contract, as the Army continues to implement the transition to LOGCAP V. Fluor will continue to provide forward operating support for Afghanistan through December 2020, for US Africa Command (AFRICOM) through June 2020 or as extended until Fluor begins work on LOGCAP V, and for US Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) through March 2021, or until it transitions to LOGCAP V.16:41REVG REV Group suspends dividend, furloughs employees (4.39 +0.14)Co has furloughed most salaried employees within its Recreation segment which, as previously disclosed, suspended normal production activities during the week of March 23.Co will suspend quarterly dividend beginning fiscal Q2.Co says it currently maintains strong liquidity with approximately $200 million of availability under its existing ABL credit facility including cash on hand.16:41ADT ADT announces that Jim DeVries, President and CEO, tested positive for the COVID-19 virus (5.35 +0.65)ADT announced to its employees that Jim DeVries, President and CEO, tested positive for the COVID-19 virus. Mr. DeVries showed mild symptoms and was tested on March 31. On April 7, he was informed that the test was positive. Mr. DeVries has continued to perform his responsibilities as President and Chief Executive Officer at all times, and has not shown any symptoms since April 5. The company maintains succession plans for all senior executives including temporary delegation of responsibilities to other leaders within the organization if necessary for any reason.16:33AERI Aerie Pharma withdraws 2020 guidance for net revenues and net cash used in operations (15.25 +1.85)Co provides a business update associated with the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on company operations.While Aerie volumes increased in 1Q20 compared to 4Q19 for both Rhopressa 0.02% and Rocklatan 0.02%/0.005%, the pace of volumes, as seen with the entire pharmaceutical market according to IQVIA data, has declined as the COVID-19 impact became elevated in late March and into April 2020 to date. There has been a positive partial offset from increasing 90-days' supply activity, but with many eye care professionals' offices closed or in the process of closing, new prescription growth has slowed.AERI is withdrawing its 2020 guidance for net revenues and net cash used in operations, which includes the net revenue guidance as a component. As would be expected, the company is currently experiencing travel and meeting expenses below original internal expectations. Guidance will be updated when there is clarity going forward.AERI has observed no disruptions to date in its supply chain for production of Rhopressa and Rocklatan. The company believes it has approximately three years of starting materials and active pharmaceutical ingredient in inventory, and adequate supply of finished product on hand to support its commercial efforts for at least the next six months, and production continues.16:30O Realty Income withdraws 2020 guidance; draws $1.20 bln on its revolving credit facility (56.68 +3.55)The company recently borrowed an additional $1.20 bln under its revolving credit facility, as to further strengthen its liquidity position and to enhance its financial flexibility. The total capacity of the revolving credit facility is $3.0 bln, of which, as of April 9, approx. $1.2 bln of capacity remains, excluding the revolving credit facility's $1.0 bln accordion feature.As of April 9, the company has a cash balance of $1.25 bln.Given the economic uncertainty and rapidly-evolving circumstances related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the company is withdrawing its previously issued 2020 guidance and is not providing an updated outlook at this time.16:27BOOT Boot Barn Holdings withdraws Q4 and FY20 guidance; furloughed approximately 40% of the employees at its central office location, distribution centers, and stores (15.98 +0.18)Co is withdrawing its guidance for Q4 and FY20 as management expects the COVID-19 outbreak to have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results.As a result of lower store traffic and temporary closures of certain stores due to the COVID-19 outbreak, the company has reduced its hours of operations and the hours of its store associates. Additionally, the company has furloughed approximately 40% of the employees at its central office location, distribution centers, and stores.Effective April 12, 2020, the base salaries of James Conroy, President and Chief Executive Officer, and all other named executive officers and other senior executives at the company, will be temporarily reduced 50% and 25%, respectively. The company has also deferred until no later than September 1, 2020, the payment of any annual cash performance bonuses to the management team for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020.16:27VVNT Vivint Smart Home provides COVID-19 business update (11.00 -0.80)Among other updates on operational changes taken due to COVID-19, the company notes:"Based on state and local government guidelines, we have temporarily paused all door-to-door sales activities across North America.""We are implementing business continuity plans intended to ensure the health, safety and well-being of our customers, employees and communities, and to protect the financial and operational strength of the company. We are trimming discretionary spending to preserve cash and improve our cost structure. We have also drawn down $100 million on our revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure to increase our cash position and preserve liquidity and financial flexibility in light of current uncertainty in the global markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.""We are making a change to our business in Canada. Each account sold in Canada has historically required a significant cash investment by the company. Effective June 10, 2020, Vivint Canada, Inc. will no longer sell new equipment or accounts through its door-to-door sales channel. We will continue to sell through online marketing and our inside sales channels. We remain committed to our customers in Canada and will continue to operate there with dedicated support and services. We will continue to adjust these plans in response to the global situation with COVID-19."16:23IVZ Invesco reports preliminary month-end assets under management for March of $1,053.4 bln, a decrease of 9.1% vs the prior month-end (9.86 +0.39)The firm achieved net inflows of $6.8 bln this month. Net inflows were driven by a $26.1 bln increase in money market AUM and net long-term inflows in the institutional business of $11.2 bln due to the funding of several large client mandates, including the partial funding of a previously disclosed Solutions win. Overall net long-term outflows were $10.5 bln, and non-management fee earning outflows were $8.8 bln. The decrease in AUM was negatively impacted by unfavorable market returns, which decreased AUM by $110 bln. FX decreased AUM by $4.2 bln. Preliminary average total AUM for the quarter through March 31 were $1,176.3 bln, and preliminary average active AUM for the quarter through March 31 were $889.3 bln.16:21WRAPX Closing Market Summary: Shortened Week Ends on Higher NoteThe stock market climbed to end the holiday-shortened week, but the Thursday affair saw some intraday volatility. The S&P 500 gained 1.5%, extending this week's advance to 12.1% while the Nasdaq (+0.8%) underperformed but still gained 10.6% for the week.The market climbed out of the gate after the release of another horrific weekly initial claims report was masked by news of more unprecedented action from the Fed to help none of the 16 million people who got fired over the past three weeks. Of course, the Fed would protest that direct support is not in its mandate, but neither is the ability to purchase junk bond ETFs or collateralized debt obligations, which can now be acquired by the Fed. The central bank also added another $2.30 trln in emergency lending capacity for businesses and municipalities. Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, said that the central bank will continue using its powers forcefully, proactively, and aggressively.In Europe, the Bank of England announced that it will begin directly financing the U.K.'s fiscal needs while German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, rejected Italy's demand for the issuance of joint euro debt.Also of note, the Japanese government will reportedly spend up to $2.20 bln to help Japanese manufacturers move their production facilities out of China.Equities backpedaled from their highs in the afternoon, but ten out of eleven sectors were able to finish in the green. The gains were paced by groups like financials (+5.2%), real estate (+5.2%), and utilities (+4.8%).The top-weighted technology sector (UNCH) lagged, which was also the case earlier in the week. The sector climbed 10.6% for the week while chipmakers also underperformed today. The PHLX Semiconductor Index lost 2.3%, narrowing this week's gain to 11.0%.Costco (COST 300.01, -5.96, -2.0%) reported a 12.1% jump in domestic comparable sales in March, but its stock finished lower since the market had already priced in strong March sales.The energy sector (-1.1%) turned negative in the afternoon amid volatility in crude oil. That volatility followed conflicting headlines from the OPEC+ meeting, where producers struggled to agree to a large output cut. The Wall Street Journal reported in the late afternoon that daily output in May and June will be reduced by ten million barrels. Crude oil ended the day lower by $2.30, or 9.1%, at $22.87/bbl.Treasuries finished near their highs, sending the 10-yr yield lower by four basis points to 0.73%.The U.S. Dollar Index fell 0.6% to 99.50, widening this week's loss to 1.0%.Reviewing today's economic data:It was another dismal initial claims report, with 6.606 million jobless claims filed for the week ending April 4 (Briefing.com consensus 5.000 million), bringing the three-week total to 13,476,307 after revisions. Continuing claims for the week ending March 28 hit a record high 7.455 millionThe key takeaway from the jobless claims data is that the number of filings is simply astounding and a true sign of the vast impact of the sudden economic stop. Unfortunately, it likely still doesn't capture the fullness of the impact as it's reasonable to assume that the system for filing claims is overwhelmed and not facilitating every effort to file for jobless benefitsThe preliminary reading for the University of Michigan's Consumer Sentiment Index for April plummeted to 71.0 (Briefing.com consensus 79.3) from 89.1 in March. This is the largest monthly decline on record The key takeaway from the report is that the more modest decline in the Expectations Index captures a feeling that the impact of the COVID-19 cases and death rates could soon peak, allowing for a restart of the economy The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.2% m/m in March (Briefing.com consensus -0.4%). Core PPI was up 0.2% (Briefing.com consensus -0.1%) The key takeaway from the report is that it doesn't fully reflect the impact of the COVID-19 shutdown measures as the pricing date for the survey was March 10 Wholesale inventories decreased by 0.7% in February (Briefing.com consensus -0.4%) after decreasing a revised 0.6% (from -0.4%) in JanuaryThere is no data scheduled for Monday.Nasdaq Composite -9.1% YTD S&P 500 -13.7% YTD Dow Jones Industrial Average -16.9% YTD Russell 2000 -25.3% YTD16:20WCC Wesco: Anixter shareholders vote to approve previously-announced merger (26.47 +1.64)WCC provides update regarding its previously announced merger with Anixter (AXE).Earlier today, Anixter held a special meeting of stockholders; The merger was approved by approximately 99.42% of the votes cast at the special meeting, which represented approximately 82.26% of the total outstanding shares of Anixter common stock. WESCO has obtained debt financing commitments from Barclays Bank. WESCO continues to expect to complete the transaction in the second or third quarter of 2020.16:20APAM Artisan Partners Asset Mgmt reports assets under management as of March 31 of $95.2 bln vs $111.7 bln at prior month-end (22.84 +1.33)16:18FOXF Fox Factory Holding expects Q1 sales to be slightly above low end of previous guidance range, adjusted EPS expected to be at or near low end of guidance range (50.46 +2.61)For 1Q20, the company now expects sales to be slightly above the low end of its previously provided guidance range of $182-$190 million, inline with the S&P Capital IQ consensus of $182.3 mln. Non-GAAP adjusted EPS is now expected to be at or near the low end of its previously provided guidance range of $0.55 to $0.60, pending the company's evaluation of costs associated with mandated closures, net of government benefits. The S&P 500 Capital IQ consensus is $0.58.Due to the rapidly evolving market conditions domestically and internationally in response to the continued spread of COVID-19, the company is suspending its full fiscal year 2020 guidance previously provided on March 3, 2020.The company's manufacturing facilities in North America have been affected by local and state "shelter in place" or "stay at home" orders including the temporary suspension of non-essential operations in certain facilities. Where local regulations permit, the company has limited its workforce to only essential production and maintenance.In response to the manufacturing slowdown caused by these various North American "shelter in place" or "stay at home" orders, the company is taking action to manage costs by enacting executive pay cuts and temporary furloughs, curtailing non-essential capital expenditures, and reducing expenses overall during this time.16:17LZB La-Z-Boy provides update on COVID-19 action plan (22.92 +2.03)With a continued focus on health, safety, and well-being, the company will continue to:Evaluate plans and timing to re-open the 155 company-owned La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries stores on a case by case basis; the company expects the cadence of store openings to vary.Evaluate plans and timing to re-start production at its US- and Mexico-based manufacturing facilities, in line with applicable federal, state, and local requirements and guidelines, as well as customer demand, with no firm date established; the company is monitoring health, safety, and market conditions continually and plans to open as conditions dictate.Operate its Regional Distribution Centers, adhering to safety guidelines, to deliver in-process orders.16:13CEMI Chembio Diagnostics collaborates with Stony Brook Medicine to identify coronavirus survivors (8.08 +0.64)Chembio Diagnostics today announced that its DPP COVID-19 serological point-of-care test for the detection of IgM and IgG antibodies has been selected for use in a Stony Brook Medicine effort to recruit patients who have recovered from COVID-19 infection. The study is intended to determine if convalescent blood plasma, the plasma from people who have recovered from COVID-19, can help treat hospitalized patients with active COVID-19 infection. In early April, Stony Brook University Hospital received FDA approval to offer convalescent blood plasma treatment to its patients through a randomized, controlled study and is expected to enroll up to 500 patients from the Long Island area. The Chembio DPP COVID-19 test is being used to confirm that patients were infected with COVID-19 and now have adequate levels of IgG antibodies to make them eligible to donate convalescent plasma.16:08HA Hawaiian Holdings discloses "sharp declines" in March traffic amid COVID-19; has reduced scheduled service systemwide by 95% through April (11.82 +0.61)Hawaiian Airlines, a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, saw sharp declines in its system-wide traffic statistics in March 2020 as government mandated restrictions on travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic became more numerous.Demand declines that began with US government restrictions on Chinese arrivals in late January accelerated in mid-March, when governments in Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, American Samoa and Hawai'i instituted requirements of self-isolation or quarantine for incoming arrivals. Hawaiian Airlines has responded to the diminishing demand by reducing its scheduled service systemwide by 95% through April 2020.In March, system-wide RPMs declined 40.9% yr/yr while ASMs fell 11.9% yr/yr; load factor was 58.0%, down from 86.4% one year ago. Passengers transported fell 45.4% yr/yr.16:07TXG 10x Genomics guides Q1 revenue in-line, withdraws full year guidance (65.92 +1.60)Co issues in-line guidance for Q1 (Mar), sees Q1 (Mar) revs of $71-72 mln vs. $71.04 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As the pandemic spread from China to countries worldwide, the company saw a significant reduction in customer activity other than research related to the virus. Social distancing and stay-at-home orders have temporarily closed many academic and government labs. Co currently believes that its existing cash position, along with cash generated from sales of its products, will be sufficient to meet its anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Co is withdrawing its previously announced annual revenue guidance for 2020.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: April 13, 2020End of Document

U.S. Senate Unanimously Passes Rep. Spanberger's Bipartisan Legislation to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect U.S. Telecommunications NetworksTargeted News ServiceMarch 5, 2020 Thursday 8:37 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 654 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Abigail Spanberger, D-Virginia, issued the following news release on March 4:The U.S. Senate unanimously passed U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger's legislation that would build a national strategy to protect 5G telecommunications systems in the United States and among U.S. allies.The Spanberger-led Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. This strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains reliable internet access.In January 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives voted 413 to 3 to pass the House version of Spanberger's Secure 5G and Beyond Act. Following today's passage in the U.S. Senate, the bill now returns for a vote in the U.S. House before heading to President Trump's desk. The bipartisan legislation is led in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senator John Cornyn (R-TX)."Without a strategic, long-term gameplan to defend our networks from foreign-based 5G threats, we are putting the privacy of American consumers and companies at risk. Especially as we see the potential for close coordination between the Chinese military, Chinese intelligence services, and Chinese tech firms like Huawei and ZTE, we must be prepared for the national security challenges of the next generation," said Spanberger. "My Secure 5G and Beyond Act puts our country on a path toward preventing our telecom infrastructure from being compromised, and I'm proud to see my bipartisan legislation pass in the Senate today. I'd like to thank Senator Cornyn for his commitment to strengthening the cybersecurity of American families and businesses and for his cooperation on this critical legislation. By laying the foundation for a nationwide, publicly-available 5G strategy, we are one step closer to mitigating the serious dangers posed by entities like Huawei and ZTE."Spanberger introduced her bipartisan legislation in the U.S. House in May 2019 alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:* Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;* Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; and* Protect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.Click here (https://energycommerce.house.gov/sites/democrats.energycommerce.house.gov/files/documents/H2881_CPT_xml.pdf) to read the full bill text.BACKGROUNDAccording to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy.Last month, Spanberger joined C-SPAN's "The Communicators" to highlight the U.S. House passing her bipartisan bill. Click here to watch Spanberger's full interview with C-SPAN Executive Producer Peter Slen and technology reporter Emily Birnbaum from The Hill.Spanberger's bipartisan bill was passed in the House Foreign Affairs Committee in October 2019 and passed in the House Energy and Commerce Committee in November 2019.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7042464 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 5, 2020End of Document

U.S. SENATE UNANIMOUSLY PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN THREATSStates News ServiceMarch 4, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 652 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, D.C. BodyThe following information was released by the office of Virginia Rep. Abigail Spanberger:In January 2020, the U.S. House Passed the Congresswoman's Secure 5G and Beyond Act on a 413 to 3 VoteWashington, March 4, 2020WASHINGTON, D.C. The U.S. Senate today unanimously passed U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger's legislation that would build a national strategy to protect 5G telecommunications systems in the United States and among U.S. allies.The Spanberger-led Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. This strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains reliable internet access.In January 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives voted 413 to 3 to pass the House version of Spanberger's Secure 5G and Beyond Act. Following today's passage in the U.S. Senate, the bill now returns for a vote in the U.S. House before heading to President Trump's desk. The bipartisan legislation is led in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senator John Cornyn (R-TX)."Without a strategic, long-term gameplan to defend our networks from foreign-based 5G threats, we are putting the privacy of American consumers and companies at risk. Especially as we see the potential for close coordination between the Chinese military, Chinese intelligence services, and Chinese tech firms like Huawei and ZTE, we must be prepared for the national security challenges of the next generation ," said Spanberger. "My Secure 5G and Beyond Act puts our country on a path toward preventing our telecom infrastructure from being compromised, and I'm proud to see my bipartisan legislation pass in the Senate today. I'd like to thank Senator Cornyn for his commitment to strengthening the cybersecurity of American families and businesses and for his cooperation on this critical legislation. By laying the foundation for a nationwide, publicly-available 5G strategy, we are one step closer to mitigating the serious dangers posed by entities like Huawei and ZTE."Spanberger introduced her bipartisan legislation in the U.S. House in May 2019 alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; andProtect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.Click here to read the full bill text.BACKGROUNDAccording to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy.Last month, Spanberger joined C-SPAN's "The Communicators" to highlight the U.S. House passing her bipartisan bill. Click here to watch Spanberger's full interview with C-SPAN Executive Producer Peter Slen and technology reporter Emily Birnbaum from The Hill.Spanberger's bipartisan bill was passed in the House Foreign Affairs Committee in October 2019 and passed in the House Energy and Commerce Committee in November 2019.Load-Date: March 5, 2020End of Document

U.S. charges Arkansas researcher over NASA funds, ties to ChinaUPIMay 13, 2020 Wednesday 12:35 PM ESTCopyright 2020 U.P.I. All Rights ReservedLength: 252 wordsByline: CLYDE HUGHESDateline: Dec. 31 BodyFederal authorities have arrested and charged an Arkansas college professor with fraud for failing to tell the government about ties to China when he applied for a research grant, officials said.Prosecutors say University of Arkansas professor Simon Saw-Teong Ang applied to receive grant money from NASA to perform research but didn't disclose "close ties" to the government in Beijing and Chinese companies."These materially false representations to NASA and the University of Arkansas resulted in numerous wires to be sent and received that facilitated Ang's scheme to defraud," they said in a statement.Ang was arrested by the FBI last Friday and faces as many as 20 years in prison for the wire fraud charge. He appeared in U.S. District Court in Fayetteville, Ark., on Monday.Prosecutors say in a 19-page complaint that Ang received more than $5 million in federal funding for research projects. An investigation began when a library staffer saw an email exchange in 2018 between Ang and a Chinese researcher.Ang previously worked at Texas Instruments in its advanced power integrated circuit development center before joining the Arkansas university in 1988. He later became the director of its High Density Electronics Center."Simon Ang has been suspended without pay from his responsibilities with the university and the university is actively cooperating with the federal investigation in this matter," said university spokesman John Thomas.Ang, 63, is being held at the Washington County Detention Center.Load-Date: May 13, 2020End of Document

House Unanimously Passes Rep. Spanberger's Bipartisan Legislation to Build National 5G StrategyTargeted News ServiceMarch 12, 2020 Thursday 7:54 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 644 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Abigail Spanberger, D-Virginia, issued the following news release on March 11:The U.S. House unanimously passed U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger's bipartisan legislation requiring a national strategy to protect American 5G telecommunications systems from foreign-based 5G threats.The Spanberger-led Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist U.S. allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems, particularly as the influence of foreign 5G firms like Huawei and ZTE continues to grow. This strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development on 5G by U.S. companies. The bipartisan legislation is led in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senator John Cornyn (R-TX).In January 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives voted 413 to 3 to pass the House version of Spanberger's Secure 5G and Beyond Act. Following last week's passage in the U.S. Senate and today's passage in the U.S. House, the bill now heads to President Trump's desk to be signed into law."As a former CIA case officer, I recognize that the rapid rise of firms like Huawei and ZTE presents a significant national security threat to the telecom infrastructure of the United States and our allies. If our country is not equipped with a comprehensive strategy to address this growing challenge, we risk jeopardizing the privacy of American consumers, businesses, and government organizations," said Spanberger. "The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is a clear step toward developing a nationwide gameplan to mitigate the threat posed by foreign-based 5G companies. With the passage of my legislation in the House today, we are strengthening our resilience against the growing influence of these firms while also demonstrating confidence in our tech companies and their ability to innovate. I'm grateful for Senator Cornyn's partnership in shepherding our legislation through both chambers of Congress, and I look forward to President Trump signing this critical legislation into law."Spanberger introduced her bipartisan legislation in the U.S. House in May 2019 alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:* Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;* Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; and* Protect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.BACKGROUNDAccording to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy.In January 2020, Spanberger joined C-SPAN's "The Communicators" to highlight the U.S. House passing her bipartisan bill. Click here to watch Spanberger's full interview with C-SPAN Executive Producer Peter Slen and technology reporter Emily Birnbaum from The Hill.Spanberger's bipartisan bill was passed in the House Foreign Affairs Committee in October 2019 and passed in the House Energy and Commerce Committee in November 2019.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7050765 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 12, 2020End of Document

U.S. HOUSE UNANIMOUSLY PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, SENDS TO PRESIDENT TRUMP'S DESK TO BE SIGNED INTO LAWStates News ServiceMarch 11, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 636 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of Virginia Rep. Abigail Spanberger:The U.S. House today unanimously passed U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger's bipartisan legislation requiring a national strategy to protect American 5G telecommunications systems from foreign-based 5G threats.The Spanberger-led Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist U.S. allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems, particularly as the influence of foreign 5G firms like Huawei and ZTE continues to grow. This strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development on 5G by U.S. companies. The bipartisan legislation is led in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senator John Cornyn (R-TX).In January 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives voted 413 to 3 to pass the House version of Spanberger's Secure 5G and Beyond Act. Following last week's passage in the U.S. Senate and today's passage in the U.S. House, the bill now heads to President Trump's desk to be signed into law."As a former CIA case officer, I recognize that the rapid rise of firms like Huawei and ZTE presents a significant national security threat to the telecom infrastructure of the United States and our allies. If our country is not equipped with a comprehensive strategy to address this growing challenge, we risk jeopardizing the privacy of American consumers, businesses, and government organizations," said Spanberger. "The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is a clear step toward developing a nationwide gameplan to mitigate the threat posed by foreign-based 5G companies. With the passage of my legislation in the House today, we are strengthening our resilience against the growing influence of these firms while also demonstrating confidence in our tech companies and their ability to innovate. I'm grateful for Senator Cornyn's partnership in shepherding our legislation through both chambers of Congress, and I look forward to President Trump signing this critical legislation into law."Spanberger introduced her bipartisan legislation in the U.S. House in May 2019 alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; andProtect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.BACKGROUNDAccording to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. In November 2019, the Federal Communications Commission placed greater restrictions on Huawei and fellow Chinese tech firm ZTE due to widespread security concerns. However, the United States still lacks a comprehensive strategy.In January 2020, Spanberger joined C-SPAN's "The Communicators" to highlight the U.S. House passing her bipartisan bill. Click here to watch Spanberger's full interview with C-SPAN Executive Producer Peter Slen and technology reporter Emily Birnbaum from The Hill.Spanberger's bipartisan bill was passed in the House Foreign Affairs Committee in October 2019 and passed in the House Energy and Commerce Committee in November 2019.###Load-Date: March 11, 2020End of Document

With the spread of coronavirus came a surge in anti-Asian racism online, new research saysCNN WireApril 10, 2020 Friday 6:58 AM GMTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 620 wordsDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  A new study backs up what has already been documented anecdotally in the last few months: The coronavirus pandemic has coincided with a surge in Sinophobic, or anti-Chinese, sentiments -- especially online.Researchers at the Network Contagion Research Institute, an independent third party that tracks misinformation and hate across social media channels, released a report Wednesday that looked at the spread of hate online toward Asians in congruence with the pandemic."As a conjoined threat, outbreaks of hate and disinformation on social media comprise unparalleled dangers to society in the face of actual viral pandemics, such as Covid-19," according to the study, which is titled "Weaponized Information Outbreak: A Case Study on Covid-19, Bioweapon Myths, and the Asian Conspiracy Meme.""NCRI's research indicates that hateful communities may serve as sources of spread for disinformation and propaganda during politically volatile events for purposes of hate."The group of researchers first looked at 4chan, an online bulletin board that frequently features offensive posts, and found a rise in derogatory terms for Chinese people around February of this year. Other terms and slurs toward minority groups decreased or flatlined in relation to topics surrounding the virus, research found.The sentiments reflected in 4chan's forum, researchers said, also were linked to conspiracy theories surrounding Asian people and coronavirus. One claim suggested that coronavirus is a bioweapon created by China's government and transmitted by Chinese people."If we see violence and hateful rhetoric stemming from subcultural communities, we need to be able to track these communications in real time to see what they're talking about," said Alex Goldenberg, an analyst at the institute and one of the authors of the study. Though the racist sentiments may begin in smaller subcultures on 4chan, Goldenberg said they also make their way onto mainstream social media platforms, like Twitter, Instagram and Reddit."We are seeing instances where this Asian conspiracy is seeping into the mainstream, and an outgrowth of that could very well be violence," Goldenberg said.For example, Goldenberg said on Instagram, researchers found an instance where one user said he and his friends would shoot Asian people in Chinatown because "that's the only way we can destroy the epidemic." These kinds of comments, Goldenberg said, are concerning."Outbreaks of weaponized information serve to attack public trust and undermine democratic institutions at a key moment of global vulnerability," the study says.The study comes amid an uptick of racist assaults and attacks against East Asian people and those of Asian descent. Earlier this week, multiple teen girls in New York were charged with hate crimes after police said they attacked a woman on a bus, made "anti-Asian statements" toward her and told her she caused coronavirus.Across the globe, one East Asian student was beaten while studying in London. Two Hmong men said they were discriminated against out of fear of the novel coronavirus while looking for a hotel room in Indiana in February. Video footage shows a hotel employee saying: "If you are from China, I need to know." "With news of the coronavirus, we've seen an uptick in fear of people who look like this," Rosalind Chou, a sociology professor at Georgia State University, told CNN in February. "Real people are affected."And as people are increasingly confined and anxious, they turn to social media in droves, Goldenberg said -- making intercepting online hate and misinformation especially important during the pandemic. TM & © 2020 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 10, 2020End of Document

With the spread of coronavirus came a surge in anti-Asian racism online, new research saysCNN.comApril 9, 2020 Thursday 2:58 AM ESTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: USLength: 604 wordsByline: By Leah Asmelash, CNNBodyA new study backs up what has already been documented anecdotally in the last few months: The coronavirus pandemic has coincided with a surge in Sinophobic, or anti-Chinese, sentiments -- especially online.Researchers at the Network Contagion Research Institute, an independent third party that tracks misinformation and hate across social media channels, released a report Wednesday that looked at the spread of hate online toward Asians in congruence with the pandemic."As a conjoined threat, outbreaks of hate and disinformation on social media comprise unparalleled dangers to society in the face of actual viral pandemics, such as Covid-19," according to the study, which is titled "Weaponized Information Outbreak: A Case Study on Covid-19, Bioweapon Myths, and the Asian Conspiracy Meme.""NCRI's research indicates that hateful communities may serve as sources of spread for disinformation and propaganda during politically volatile events for purposes of hate."The group of researchers first looked at 4chan, an online bulletin board that frequently features offensive posts, and found a rise in derogatory terms for Chinese people around February of this year. Other terms and slurs toward minority groups decreased or flatlined in relation to topics surrounding the virus, research found.The sentiments reflected in 4chan's forum, researchers said, also were linked to conspiracy theories surrounding Asian people and coronavirus. One claim suggested that coronavirus is a bioweapon created by China's government and transmitted by Chinese people."If we see violence and hateful rhetoric stemming from subcultural communities, we need to be able to track these communications in real time to see what they're talking about," said Alex Goldenberg, an analyst at the institute and one of the authors of the study.Though the racist sentiments may begin in smaller subcultures on 4chan, Goldenberg said they also make their way onto mainstream social media platforms, like Twitter, Instagram and Reddit."We are seeing instances where this Asian conspiracy is seeping into the mainstream, and an outgrowth of that could very well be violence," Goldenberg said.For example, Goldenberg said on Instagram, researchers found an instance where one user said he and his friends would shoot Asian people in Chinatown because "that's the only way we can destroy the epidemic." These kinds of comments, Goldenberg said, are concerning."Outbreaks of weaponized information serve to attack public trust and undermine democratic institutions at a key moment of global vulnerability," the study says.The study comes amid an uptick of racist assaults and attacks against East Asian people and those of Asian descent.Earlier this week, multiple teen girls in New York were charged with hate crimes after police said they attacked a woman on a bus, made "anti-Asian statements" toward her and told her she caused coronavirus.Across the globe, one East Asian student was beaten while studying in London.Two Hmong men said they were discriminated against out of fear of the novel coronavirus while looking for a hotel room in Indiana in February. Video footage shows a hotel employee saying: "If you are from China, I need to know.""With news of the coronavirus, we've seen an uptick in fear of people who look like this," Rosalind Chou, a sociology professor at Georgia State University, told CNN in February. "Real people are affected."And as people are increasingly confined and anxious, they turn to social media in droves, Goldenberg said -- making intercepting online hate and misinformation especially important during the pandemic.Load-Date: April 10, 2020End of Document

NYC launches team to combat coronavirus discriminationCNN WireApril 22, 2020 Wednesday 7:59 AM GMTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 599 wordsDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  With a spike in anti-Asian discrimination related to the coronavirus pandemic, New York City has formed a team to respond to the incidents.The New York City Commission on Human Rights announced Sunday that the coronavirus response team would handle reports of harassment and discrimination related to the outbreak, and that the team is made up of attorneys and members of the agency's law enforcement and community relations departments.Since February, the agency has recorded 248 reports of harassment and discrimination related to coronavirus, more than 40% of which were anti-Asian. During the same time frame last year, the agency had received just five anti-Asian discrimination reports."All New Yorkers are facing extraordinary levels of stress right now; discrimination and harassment should not be among them," NYC Commission on Human Rights Commissioner Carmelyn Malalis said. "Even in the midst of a pandemic, human rights cannot be violated, and we encourage anyone who has experienced Covid-19-related discrimination to report it to us."The cases that are (and are not) reportedMalalis' agency looks at reports of discrimination and harassment that are violations of civil law, while NYPD looks at potential violations of criminal law. Of the 90 hate crimes that NYPD has recorded so far in 2020, 11 have been related to coronavirus, and there was one anti-Asian hate crime reported. The team is investigating 18 incidents involving housing, employment and public accommodations discrimination based on race.One of the biggest challenges her agency faces, Malalis said, is encouraging victims to report discrimination. Records of harassment and discrimination are important, she said."Creating a record of this time of what is happening and the effect of those anti-Asian attacks and the effect that that rhetoric has on people -- that's one of the reasons we're keeping track of these cases," she told CNN.National rhetoricMalalis said she is troubled by comments that President Trump has made, including publicly calling Covid-19 the "Chinese virus.""One would hope that they could look to leaders to instill some sort of calm and safety and security," Malalis said. "When we hear this from somebody who is the president of our country, not only does it stoke incredibly divisive rhetoric and sentiments in different areas and play to the worst in some people but I think about my children. ... I think about the other families that are struggling through this." "It is both personally and professionally incredibly worrisome." In a study released this month by the Network Contagion Research Institute, an independent third party that tracks misinformation and hate across social media channels, researchers found the coronavirus pandemic has coincided with a surge in Sinophobic, or anti-Chinese, sentiments -- especially online.The report, which surveyed discriminatory rhetoric posted in online forums popular with hate groups, noted that "hateful communities may serve as sources of spread for disinformation and propaganda during politically volatile events for purposes of hate."One conspiracy theory researchers identified online suggested coronavirus is a bioweapon created by China's government and transmitted by Chinese people."We are seeing instances where this Asian conspiracy is seeping into the mainstream, and an outgrowth of that could very well be violence," said Alex Goldenberg, one of the study's authors.CNN's Mark Morales and Josh Campbell contributed to this report.TM & © 2020 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 22, 2020End of Document

NYC launches team to combat coronavirus discriminationCNN.comApril 22, 2020 Wednesday 3:59 AM ESTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: USLength: 573 wordsByline: By Madeline Holcombe and Sonia Moghe, CNNBodyWith a spike in anti-Asian discrimination related to the coronavirus pandemic, New York City has formed a team to respond to the incidents.The New York City Commission on Human Rights announced Sunday that the coronavirus response team would handle reports of harassment and discrimination related to the outbreak, and that the team is made up of attorneys and members of the agency's law enforcement and community relations departments.Since February, the agency has recorded 248 reports of harassment and discrimination related to coronavirus, more than 40% of which were anti-Asian. During the same time frame last year, the agency had received just five anti-Asian discrimination reports."All New Yorkers are facing extraordinary levels of stress right now; discrimination and harassment should not be among them," NYC Commission on Human Rights Commissioner Carmelyn Malalis said. "Even in the midst of a pandemic, human rights cannot be violated, and we encourage anyone who has experienced Covid-19-related discrimination to report it to us."The cases that are (and are not) reportedMalalis' agency looks at reports of discrimination and harassment that are violations of civil law, while NYPD looks at potential violations of criminal law. Of the 90 hate crimes that NYPD has recorded so far in 2020, 11 have been related to coronavirus, and there was one anti-Asian hate crime reported.The team is investigating 18 incidents involving housing, employment and public accommodations discrimination based on race.One of the biggest challenges her agency faces, Malalis said, is encouraging victims to report discrimination. Records of harassment and discrimination are important, she said."Creating a record of this time of what is happening and the effect of those anti-Asian attacks and the effect that that rhetoric has on people -- that's one of the reasons we're keeping track of these cases," she told CNN.National rhetoricMalalis said she is troubled by comments that President Trump has made, including publicly calling Covid-19 the "Chinese virus.""One would hope that they could look to leaders to instill some sort of calm and safety and security," Malalis said. "When we hear this from somebody who is the president of our country, not only does it stoke incredibly divisive rhetoric and sentiments in different areas and play to the worst in some people but I think about my children. ... I think about the other families that are struggling through this.""It is both personally and professionally incredibly worrisome."In a study released this month by the Network Contagion Research Institute, an independent third party that tracks misinformation and hate across social media channels, researchers found the coronavirus pandemic has coincided with a surge in Sinophobic, or anti-Chinese, sentiments -- especially online.The report, which surveyed discriminatory rhetoric posted in online forums popular with hate groups, noted that "hateful communities may serve as sources of spread for disinformation and propaganda during politically volatile events for purposes of hate."One conspiracy theory researchers identified online suggested coronavirus is a bioweapon created by China's government and transmitted by Chinese people."We are seeing instances where this Asian conspiracy is seeping into the mainstream, and an outgrowth of that could very well be violence," said Alex Goldenberg, one of the study's authors.Load-Date: April 22, 2020End of Document

Satellite images located Kim Jong-un's private train amid rumors of his deathCE Noticias Financieras EnglishApril 25, 2020 SaturdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1211 wordsBodyHong Kong satellite television vice director HKSTV Shijian Xingzou said the North Korean was already dead. He claimed it for his 15 million followers on The Chinese social network Weibo, citing "a very strong source," though he did not give further details. The North-American medium TMZ collected this testimony and published it on its website.A little less drastic, though still with pessimistic prognosis, a report by the shukan Gendai weekly in Japan spread that North Korea's dictator is in "vegetative state" after having been operated on the heart earlier this month. The media quoted a Chinese doctor sent as part of the team to treat Kim Jong-un after an alleged heart procedure allegedly left the North Korean leader in serious condition. The source cited by the Japanese media, and also broadcast by the British Daily Mail, claimed that Kim Jong-un "was visiting the countryside when he grabbed his chest and fell to the ground." He also reported that a doctor who was with him at the time did CPR and accompanied him to the hospital.Amid these rumours, satellite photos spread by Reuters show that a 250-metre-long train belonging to the dictator has been seen near his Wonsan holiday resort last Thursday.Kim Jong-Un's private formation measures 250 meters (PLANET LABS/)Although Kim's whereabouts remain unknown, the presence of training at a nearby train station reserved for the Kim family in the 'elite' area of the East Coast suggests that he or someone from his nearest environment has visited the hideout, the 38North news website reported. The photos, from April 23, show the train getting ready to leave.The Wonsan complex includes nine large guest houses and a recreation center, as well as a shooting range and a covered dock that is believed to be for a yacht. In the center of the land is a large building that was built a few years after Kim Jong- un came to power, in 2014.Kim last appeared in public on April 11, when she was seen at a government meeting. Days later he missed the celebrations for the birthday of his grandfather, the late founder of North Korea Kim Il-sung, one of the most important festivities in the country.This image shows the entire Wonsan complex: the location of the train, residential villas, the central building, the shooting line, the roofed port and the entrances. (MAXAR TECHNOLOGIES/38 NORTH/)The North Korean, estimated to be 36 years old, has already disappeared from the North Korean media in the past. In 2014 he was not seen for a month and in his reappearance he lipped from one leg. Speculation about his health is fueled by the fact that Kim is a great smoker, suffers from obesity and in his family there is a whole history of cardiovascular problems.This satellite photo shows the dimension of the covered dockthinks it's for a yacht.  (HANDOUT/)The procedure of hiding information about its dictators is common in North Korea. When Kim Jong-un's father, Kim Jong-Il, suffered a stroke in 2008, South Korean media reported at the time that Chinese doctors were involved in his treatment alongside the French. Kim Jong-Il's official death date was only December 17, 2011 and very few details about his final moments came to light.Without official information, china has been known in recent hours to send a team to North Korea that includes medical experts to advise North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.According to South Korea's Daily NK newspaper, Kim would be recovering from a cardiovascular operation he underwent on April 12 according to a North Korean source. On the other hand, South Korean government officials and a Chinese official from the Department of International Contacts denied that Kim was in grave danger, as was speculated. No unusual activity has been detected in North Korea, they reported.U.S. President Donald Trump said Thursday that reports of Kim's plight of health were "wrong." On Friday, a source in South Korea told Reuters that intelligence reports showed that Kim was alive and would soon be shown in public, although they did not refer to whether an operation had taken place. While a member of the U.S. intelligence services indicated that although Kim has serious pre-existing health problems, there was no reason to believe he is currently in serious condition.When asked about Kim's health, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo remained on Trump's line: "I have nothing I can share with you tonight, but the American people should know that we are looking at the situation very closely."On Friday, a South Korean source told Reuters that his intelligence indicated that Kim was alive and would probably appear soon. And an official in knowledge of American intelligence devices said Kim was known to have health problems but had no reason to conclude that he was seriously ill or could not eventually reappear in public.North Korea is one of the most isolated and secret countries in the world, and the health of its leaders is treated as a matter of state security. Reuters has not been able to independently confirm any details about Kim's whereabouts or condition.The train, a family customKim Jong-il on the North Korean green train. In one of his wagons he died of a heart attack in 2011Historically, North Korean leaders have always preferred the railroad over air travel. During the Korean War, the communist country's founder, Kim Il-sung, used a train as headquarters.His son and heir Kim Jong-il, who was afraid to fly, also traveled on his travels to Russia and China on the olive green train. In 2011, the same vehicle was last seen in Ulan-Ude, southeastern Russia, when the current leader's father traveled to meet with Dmitry Medvedev, then president of Russia.Theluxurious interior of the North Korean train in time of the father of the current dictatorSuch was the panic of the North Korean dictator that, according to the South Korean newspaper Chosun Ilbo reported, in that instance he traveled in a convoy of three trains: the first to verify that the tracks were safe, the means of travel and the third to take the support staff. In addition, the railway also carried two armoured Mercedes to travel to and from its preferred means of transport.According to former Russian diplomat Konstantin Pulikovsky, the 22-car train Kim used to travel to Russia in 2011 was packed with luxuries and ornaments, including conference rooms, satellite phones, flat television screens, live lobsters and fine wines from Bordeaux and Burgundy. According to images then disseminated by the state broadcaster, the floors of the wagons were decorated with bulletproof iron sheets, while the Supreme Leader's office had a wooden upholstery, a desk, a chair and a camel-colored sofa.Kim Jong Un greets before boarding his train to depart for North Korea at Dong Dang Railway Station, Vietnam March 2, 2019 (KCNA/)Kim Jong-un followed the family tradition and used a 250-meter training to attend the summit with Donald Trump in Vietnam in 2019.In this archive image, norcorano appear on its train during a stopover in Beijing, China (KCNA/)MORE ON THIS TOPIC:Kim Jong-un in a coma? In Japan they report that the North Korean would be in a vegetative stateKim Jong-un's drama: tobacco, overweight, the mystery of his children and the "songbun" who will decide his successionLoad-Date: April 26, 2020End of Document

In Mexico, a cartel is taking over: Jalisco New GenerationAssociated Press InternationalMarch 18, 2020 Wednesday 5:02 AM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 1714 wordsByline: By MARK STEVENSON, Associated PressDateline: MEXICO CITY BodyMEXICO CITY (AP) - Mexico's fastest-rising cartel, the Jalisco New Generation gang, has a reputation for ruthlessness and violence unlike any since the fall of the old Zetas cartel. In parts of the country it is fighting medieval-style battles, complete with fortified redoubts, to expand nationwide, from the outskirts of Mexico City, into the tourist resorts around Cancun, and along the northern border.Jalisco so likes violence and heavy armament that U.S. prosecutors said its operatives tried to buy belt-fed M-60 machine guns in the United States, and once brought down a Mexican military helicopter with a rocket-propelled grenade.But Jalisco is also mounting a propaganda campaign, using videos and social media to threaten rivals while promising civilians that it won't prey on them with extortion and kidnappings. It is a promise that cartels in Mexico have long made, and always broken. But Jalisco's onslaught is so powerful that the cartel appears to have convinced some Mexicans, especially those who are tired of local gangs, to accept control by one large, powerful cartel."It seems like the Jalisco New Generation group is taking over everywhere," said a priest in the western city of Apatzingan. "It seems like they allow people to work, and they don't prey on civilians, they don't kidnap, they don't steal vehicles, they just go about their drug business."The priest, who is not being identified to prevent reprisals, would rather not have any gang in town. But one of his parishioners was recently kidnapped, raped and killed by members of a local gang, the Viagras, even after her family paid a ransom; locals are so sick of that gang they'd rather have anybody else move in.He is not the only one. A restaurant owner in the central state of Guanajuato - where Jalisco is fighting for control with the local Santa Rosa de Lima gang - says he would prefer that Jalisco take over, because of the local gang's chaotic ways."Things are quieter when Jalisco is around," said the restaurant owner, who also asked his name not be used.A woman who has lived for years under Jalisco cartel rule in a small town says she seeks out local Jalisco enforcers to solve common crime problems. "If you have a problem, you go to them. They solve it quickly," she said.It is all a lie, albeit one that the cartel likes to repeat."Beautiful people, continue your routine," the cartel said in a banner hung from an overpass in 2019 to reassure residents of Apatzingan, Michoacán, that the cartel was moving in to kick out the Viagras. Beneath and around the banner a total of 19 corpses hung from ropes, lay piled on the roadway or were scattered, hacked to pieces.Sofia Huett, the head security official in the central state of Guanajuato, has been on the receiving end of what she calls a propaganda war between Jalisco and the Santa Rosa gang."What is striking is the propaganda campaign in all media. What we are seeing today, we haven't seen" since Mexico's 2006-2012 drug war, she said, referring to decapitation videos, threats, and social media messages warning people to stay indoors."This propaganda doesn't just seek to intimidate rivals, but the whole population, as well," she said. "I would even say there may be political goals behind this type of messages."To those lured by the promises of the cartel, Huett said: "We cannot leave the public in doubt about the criminals, these false promises of protection and these false promises of well-being. This always ends badly."Indeed, the reality of life under the Jalisco cartel is terrifying: the cartel has made the city of Guadalajara and surrounding suburbs into a giant clandestine grave site.Hundreds of bodies have been found in the last year, dumped in drainage canals, buried in fields and the patios and yards of homes. Bodies have been found dissolved in acid or lye, bodies have been found in plastic bags. So many bodies have been found in Guadalajara that authorities ran out of space at the morgue and took to moving rotting bodies around in refrigerated trucks until neighbors complained about the smell. Experts say the killings skyrocketed after the cartel lost control of its local organization in Guadalajara, and has been battling that splinter group.Jalisco is accustomed to attacking law enforcement directly. The cartel is blamed for two of the worst attacks in recent memory: in October, cartel gunmen ambushed and killed 14 state police officers in Michoacán, and there are indications they executed some with gunshots to the head. In 2015, cartel gunmen trying to protect their leader shot down a Mexican military helicopter with an RPG.Jalisco likes quasi-military tactics, and their hitmen favor military camouflage. In southern Guerrero state, they welded thick armor plating to a truck to make a homemade tank. In many states, they parade around in convoys of dozens of pickup trucks openly marked with the letters "CJNG."Jalisco really only understands force, a tactic that Mexico's government has sidelined. On Friday, the foreign relations department wrote that the administration of President Andrés Manuel López Obrador "is committed to eliminating inequality and violence by ending the war on drugs ... the use of force is no longer the first option."Indeed, López Obrador said his administration no longer seeks to detain drug lords.Meanwhile, many of Jalisco's front-line battlegrounds look almost medieval.On the border between Jalisco and Michoacán states, there is a town called Tepalcatepec, a stronghold of the Viagras that Jalisco has recently tried to take over. The road in from Jalisco - the main route of attack - is blocked with piles of dirt and rocks staggered in a zigzag pattern, forcing incoming vehicles to slow down. From a house on a nearby hill, a vigilante with a .50-caliber sniper rifle scans the road, ready to fire.Farther south in Michoacán, in the hamlet of El Terrero, Jalisco controls the south bank of the Rio Grande river, while the north bank remains in the hands of the rival New Michoacán Family cartel and its armed wing, the Viagras. The other gangs' terror of Jalisco is evident; in September, they hijacked and burned a half-dozen trucks and buses to block the bridge over the river, to prevent Jalisco convoys from entering in a surprise assault.Nearby, in the township of San Jose de Chila, rival gangs used a church as an armed redoubt to fight off an offensive by Jalisco gunmen. Holed up in the church tower and from its roof, they tried to defend the town against the incursion, leaving the church filled with bullet holes.One thing is clear: Jalisco wants people to know that they're in town. They hang banners from overpasses announcing their arrival, offering cash rewards for enemies and threatening police. They post videos on social media, usually with a few dozen heavily-armed, camouflage-clad men with helmets in the background, announcing they have come to "clean up the town."In Cancun, a man sidles up to a local crime-scene photographer at a taco stand. "We're from Jalisco. We just want you to know that we're here. Enjoy your meal," the man said affably, before walking away.It wasn't just a boast. On Feb. 29, police in Cancun raided two houses and arrested 10 Jalisco gunmen with assault rifles and caps embroidered with the words "Grupo Delta, CJNG Quintana Roo." The cartel is moving into Cancun the way it often does: the group "was setting up an operational center ... where they abducted and killed members of rival gangs," state prosecutors said.The cartel has littered the streets of Cancun with the bodies of its victims, but the violence hasn't really hit the tourist zone, except in the resort of Playa del Carmen, to the south.While extreme violence is hardly new in Mexico, Jalisco is more fearsome than other cartels, more worrisome than even the notorious Zetas, who left piles of as many as 50 bodies on roads, kidnapped hundreds of people and forced them to fight each other to the death with sledgehammers, and burned their victims alive in gasoline drums.The Zetas were never particularly good at carving out new drug routes or laundering money; Jalisco, with years of experience in methamphetamine production through their allies, the "Cuinis" gang, is in a prime position to capitalize on new synthetic drugs like fentanyl."CJNG's efforts to dominate key ports on both the Pacific and Gulf Coasts have allowed it to consolidate important components of the global narcotics supply chain," said a Congressional Research Service report. "In particular, CJNG asserts control over the ports of Veracruz, Manzanillo, and Lázaro Cardenas, which has given the group access to precursor chemicals that flow into Mexico from China and other parts of Latin America. As a result, CJNG has been able to pursue an aggressive growth strategy, underwritten by U.S. demand for Mexican methamphetamine, heroin, and fentanyl."And the cartel - like its main rival, Sinaloa - has been able to branch out into new regions of the world, turning to India when China cracks down on fentanyl shipments, and establishing connections with Chinese and other Asian gangs to launder drug proceeds that help wealthy Chinese get around their government's currency flow limits and move their wealth abroad.And under the steely command of Nemesio Oseguera, "El Mencho" - who is now the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's most-wanted fugitive, with a $10 million price on his head - the Jalisco cartel has a more unified leadership than Sinaloa, whose command structure was fractured after the arrest, extradition and conviction of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman.Now, experts say, much of the violence in Tijuana, Ciudad Juarez and Tamaulipas state is fueled by offensives by the Jalisco cartel, often in alliance with local gangs, to take control of key drug routes."They have an almost nationwide presence,"said Mexican security analyst Alejandro Hope. "It seems to me they have a more centralized decision-making structure than other criminal groups. The one who calls the shots is Mencho."Given that Jalisco has moved into hotels and restaurants, shopping centers, real estate companies, agricultural companies, and a music promotion business, Hope said "it appears they are more sophisticated than other (gangs) at laundering money."Load-Date: March 19, 2020End of Document

Google plans to take 5 percent stake in Vodafone Idea Ltd: ReportiCrowdNewswire (English)May 29, 2020 Friday 4:20 PM GMTCopyright 2020 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 543 wordsBodyIf Google goes ahead with this investment, Vodafone Idea Limited will get a fresh lifeline after years of struggle in the market. Google is exploring the idea of picking up stake in Vodafone Idea Limited. The search giant is said to be considering the purchase of 5 percent stake in Vodafone's struggling India business. Vodafone Idea ... Continue reading Google plans to take 5 percent stake in Vodafone Idea Ltd: ReportIf Google goes ahead with this investment, Vodafone Idea Limited will get a fresh lifeline after years of struggle in the market.Google is exploring the idea of picking up stake in Vodafone Idea Limited. The search giant is said to be considering the purchase of 5 percent stake in Vodafone's struggling India business.Vodafone Idea Limitedis a partnership between UK-based Vodafone and India's Aditya Birla Group. Since the launch of Reliance Jio in 2016, both the companies have been struggling, which also led to their merger. The discussion is said to be at a very early stage. Also Read             Google Pixel 4a XL leak shows the cancelled smartphone from all anglesAccording toFinancial Times, Google's move would pit the search giant against Facebook in the world's fastest-growing mobile market.Jio Platforms, the subsidiary of Reliance Industries, has seen intense interest in the recent weeks. It has secured over $10 billion in investment from Facebook, KKR, General Atlantic, Vista Equity Partners and Silver Lake. It is also           said to be in discussionwith Microsoft, Twitter, Mubadala and others. Also Read             Google testing voice-based payment feature through AssistantFT reports that Google has also held talks with Jio but has lagged behind its rivals in securing a deal. With an investment in Vodafone Idea Limited (VIL),Googlewill provide a much needed stimulus to the struggling telecom player. Analysts see the investment as a lifeline for VIL to continue operations in the country. The report also notes how Silicon Valley is now looking to secure a foothold in India, where telecom operators have hundreds of millions of subscribers. Also Read             Google Pay adds UPI recharge option for FASTag users: Here is how to link account and rechargeGoogle already dominates in the India's mobile market with its Android operating system. However, it has struggled to deliver a version designed for emerging markets and cheaper devices. With the adoption of its payments service  Google Pay  reaching a critical mass, Google is looking for more investment in the market. With anti-China sentiment, the US tech giants could easily make sweeping investments in India's telecom market.The government tightened restrictions on Chinese foreign direct investment last month. With Chinese market becoming less viable, the US tech companies and PE investors are looking at Indian companies as an opportunity. While VIL andBharti Airtelhave come under pressure from Reliance Jio, their fortunes have improved recently. After the three players raised prices last year, the playing field has leveled. With fresh investment from Google, VIL can sustain this tide.See Campaign:https://www.bgr.in/tag/vodafone-idea-ltd/Contact Information:StaffTags:,           Wire,           United States,           EnglishLoad-Date: June 1, 2020End of Document

British artists stand up for facial recognitionCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 8, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 773 wordsBodyLONDON (AP) — As night falls in London, Georgina Rowlands and Anna Hart begin to wear makeup. Instead of lipstick and eye pencil, the face is covered with geometric shapes.Elongated blue triangles and narrow white triangles cross the face of Rowlands. Hart displays a collection of angular shapes in red, orange, and white.They are two of the founders of the Dazzle Club, a group of artists formed last year to provoke a conversation around the growing use of facial recognition technologies. The group is named after a camouflage style used for military purposes.The group holds silent marches once a month around different locations in London to raise awareness of the technology, which they said is being used to maintain "widespread surveillance." They point to concerns such as the lack of regulation of these systems, their lack of reliability and their effect on public spaces.About 19 people attended his last event, in Shoreditch, an east London suburb. Anyone can participate in the marches, in which participants must paint their face in a style called CV Dazzle.The technique, developed by artist and researcher Adam Harvey, aims to offer camouflage before facial detection systems, which converts face images into mathematical formulas analyzed by algorithms. Cv Dazzle, where CV refers to "computer vision," uses Cubism-inspired designs to bypass the machine, Rowlands said."In a way you try to twist that by applying these random colors and patterns," he explained. "The most important thing is to have light and dark colors. So we often opt for black and white, colors that contrast a lot, because you try to alter the illuminated and shady areas of your face."During World War I, a similar technique was widely used to camouflage British navy ships and confuse the enemy about the course or location of ships.To test their designs, they use the simple face detection feature in the cameras of their cell phones."I see I'm hiding, it doesn't detect me," Rowlands said, checking his cell phone to see that a square didn't appear on his screen.The rise of facial recognition technology is being tested and spreading in the democracies of the developed world, following aggressive employment in some more authoritarian countries such as China.Britain has long used cameras in public spaces to counter security threats, and London is believed to have one of the largest concentrations of surveillance cameras. But that acceptance is being tested as authorities and corporations try to deploy a new generation of cameras with facial recognition technology, in the face of concern from activists, legislators and independent experts on facial recognition massive surveillance, privacy and reliability.Opposition to algorithm-based surveillance is not limited to Britain. Russian activists were reportedly arrested last month by a similar protest with painted faces against the use of facial recognition cameras in Moscow. Pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong routinely use masks in street protests to hide their identity. Rights groups in Serbia and Uganda have opposed government initiatives to install Chinese-made cameras.Other designers have hit countermeasures such as sunglasses that reflect the infrared light of the cameras."There's an endurance movement against facial recognition, which we actively participate in and we want to develop more," Rowlands said.Rowlands, Hart and two other artists founded the Dazzle Club inAugust, following the news that the London borough of King's Cross, a major transport hub and where large company offices are being built rapidly, it secretly experimented with facial recognition cameras without consent or public knowledge, prompting a backlash.London police recently began using facial recognition cameras in operational deployments. Last week, a woman wanted for assault was arrested after cameras tracked her in a crowd on a bustling shopping street. Police say this new technology is necessary to keep the public safe, and that images of innocent people are immediately erased.Public opinion of facial recognition technology in Britain appears to be mixed, according to a poll conducted last year, which found that most people said they did not know enough about it, although nearly half said they should be able to request that they be exempted.The founders of Club Dazzle said they were concerned about the effects of this technology on people if the cameras collect their biometric data - in this case, images of their face - without clearly explaining what is done with them."We have to adjust our behavior in the public space in a way that I find problematic," Hart said.Load-Date: March 9, 2020End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 22 of 257BC-MUN-LIS LIST OF MAIN INFORMATIONS, HEAD  Page 26 of 257Doctors using TV and social media to sound the alarm: 'We need masks today'  Page 32 of 257iClick Interactive Asia Group Limited Reports Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2019 Unaudited Financial Results  Page 34 of 257The week in investor relations: Blacklists, misleading investors and human rights  Page 36 of 257European Stocks Close Higher After Volatile Session  Page  of EXCLUSIVE-US acts to cut global chip supply to Huawei  Page  of EXCLUSIVE-US acts to cut global chip supply to Huawei  Page 40 of 257Asian Stock Markets Resume Losses on COVID-19 Outlook; Hang Seng Drops 4.2%  Page 42 of 257From beer to a mobile health app: Entrepreneurs who run for brands related to coronavirus  Page 44 of 257Wall Street in Red Zone Pre-Bell; Futures Hit 'Down Limit,' Europe Lower, Asia Down  Page 46 of 257Wall Street falls more than 1.5% with threats from Trump and tech bills. Amazon sinks 6%  Page 48 of 257Acorn International Suspends Quarterly Dividend Policy Indefinitely; Takes Defensive Measures Given Potential for Coronavirus Outbreak to Materially Impact its ....  Page 50 of 257Wrap up: The latest in technology  Page 52 of 257Infodemia and the pandemic  Page 54 of 257Kadant Declares Cash Dividend  Page 56 of 257The smart learning systems market was valued at USD 24.31 billion in 2019, and it is expected to reach a value of USD 82.58 billion by 2025, at a CAGR of 22.5%,....  Page 58 of 257Business Highlights  Page 61 of 257Kent State students donate medical masks to local hospitals, connect with international suppliers  Page 64 of 257Section 232 Tariff Exclusion Process Hurting Essential U.S. Aluminum Workers; Commerce Department Must Reform System Encouraging Further Increases in Foreign, F....  Page 73 of 257New York Mayor De Blasio Issues Transcript on Appearance on the Brian Lehrer Show  Page 75 of 257Coronavirus: Egypt quarantines passengers from Nile cruise boat  Page 77 of 257Cryptocurrencies: a possible option in the face of the global recession?  Page 80 of 257MICT Enters Fintech Market with Acquisition of Global Fintech Holdings for $26 Million and Raises Up to $15 Million; -- Approximately $26 million of convertible....  Page 83 of 257Hackers Have Been Waiting for an Opportunity Like Coronavirus  Page 85 of 257Kadant Declares Cash Dividend; Raises Quarterly Dividend to $0.24 per Share  Page 87 of 257Rep. Stewart Selected as a Member of the China Task Force  Page 89 of 257STEWART SELECTED AS A MEMBER OF THE CHINA TASK FORCE  Page 92 of 257Ambow Education Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial Results  Page 101 of 257TRANSCRIPT: MAYOR DE BLASIO APPEARS LIVE ON THE BRIAN LEHRER SHOW - 27 MAR 2020  Page 104 of 257BATTLING THE 'PANDEMIC OF MISINFORMATION'  Page 117 of 257Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 06:00 ET  Page 130 of 257Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 06:00 ET  Page 132 of 257Bright Scholar Strategic Investment in Linstitute to Expand Online Training Capabilities  Page 134 of 257LA-LB expect three more mega-ship calls to carry empties to Asia  Page 136 of 257LA-LB ports receiving more mega-ship calls to carry empties to Asia  Page 144 of 257Oil-Dri Announces Second Quarter and First Six-Months of Fiscal 2020 Results  Page 149 of 257Sonim Technologies Reports 2019 Financial Results, Restructuring Update  Page 151 of 257Small businesses deserve support during COVID-19 outbreak  Page 153 of 257PENTAGON'S JOINT AI CENTER DIRECTOR CALLS FOR INDEPENDENT BUYING AUTHORITY  Page 155 of 257Bright Scholar Schedules Unaudited Financial Results for FY2020 Second Fiscal Quarter Ended February 29, 2020  Page 157 of 257Ohio-Based Facemasks for All Secures Supply Chain to Provide Non-Medical Masks for Businesses Prepared to Reopen; Facemask demand is expected to exceed supply w....  Page 160 of 257FBI concerned about potential for hate crimes during coronavirus pandemic  Page 163 of 257FBI concerned about potential for hate crimes during coronavirus pandemic  Page 168 of 257Global Machine Control System Industry Report, 2020-2027: Geographic Information System (GIS) Collectors Projected to Exhibit Huge Demand  Page 170 of 257Trump signs bill to help telecoms replace Huawei equipment  Page 183 of 257Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia: A Survey of Fintech Research and Policy Discussion  Page  of RUBIO APPLAUDS TRUMP ADMINISTRATION ON HONG KONG CERTIFICATION  Page  of Sen. Rubio Applauds Trump Administration on Hong Kong Certification  Page  of Texas oil drops 3.36% from market correction and uncertainty  Page 188 of 257Disney's Shanghai park to reopen May 11, with masks; Company's Q1 took $1B operating income hit  Page 190 of 257EastWest think tank offers ICT supply chain security approach that goes beyond targeting specific countries  Page  of Zoom will look for public comments on plan for better encryption  Page 193 of 257The Oppenheimer/China Report did not stop the coronavirus due to lack of a free press  Page 195 of 257Drain Cleaning Equipment Market to 2027 - Global Analysis and Forecasts by Product ; Power Source ; End-user ; Sales Channel; The drain cleaning equipment marke....  Page 197 of 257Rubio specifies journalists for 'glee' in virus deaths  Page 199 of 257Rubio specifies journalists for 'glee' in virus deaths  Page 201 of 257China, the virus and the free press  Page 203 of 257Bet on digital museums in coronavirus times  Page 205 of 257CDC UPDATES GUIDANCE FOR COVID-19 TESTING, HEALTH CARE PERSONNEL  Page 207 of 257Jefferies Group CFO has died from coronavirus complications, becoming the first high-profile financial leader to fall victim to the pandemic  Page  of U.S. Senator Proposes Banning use of TikTok for Federal Workers  Page 210 of 25710 things in tech you need to know today  Page 219 of 257Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 05:00 ET  Page 228 of 257Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 05:00 ET  Page 230 of 257U.S. Senate Unanimously Passes Rep. Spanberger's Bipartisan Legislation to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect U.S. Telecommunications Networks  Page 232 of 257U.S. SENATE UNANIMOUSLY PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY AND PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS AGAINST FOREIGN TH....  Page 234 of 257U.S. charges Arkansas researcher over NASA funds, ties to China  Page 236 of 257House Unanimously Passes Rep. Spanberger's Bipartisan Legislation to Build National 5G Strategy  Page 238 of 257U.S. HOUSE UNANIMOUSLY PASSES SPANBERGER'S BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, SENDS TO PRESIDENT TRUMP'S DESK TO BE SIGNED INTO LAW  Page 240 of 257With the spread of coronavirus came a surge in anti-Asian racism online, new research says  Page 242 of 257With the spread of coronavirus came a surge in anti-Asian racism online, new research says  Page 244 of 257NYC launches team to combat coronavirus discrimination  Page 246 of 257NYC launches team to combat coronavirus discrimination  Page 249 of 257Satellite images located Kim Jong-un's private train amid rumors of his death  Page 253 of 257In Mexico, a cartel is taking over: Jalisco New Generation  Page 255 of 257Google plans to take 5 percent stake in Vodafone Idea Ltd: Report  Page 257 of 257British artists stand up for facial recognition  