Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 3:12:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142631049Documents (23)1. Huawei, its exit from the 5G project in the UK and the fear of cyber espionageClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 20202. Amazon prohibits its employees from using TikTok for security reasonsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 20203. Amazon prohibits its employees from using TikTok for security reasonsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 20204. Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare Market Worth $45.2 Billion by 2026 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets™Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 20205. US tech investors plan to acquire TikTok to neutralize the power of China's social network in the USClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 20206. FCC Chairman Pai Issues Remarks to Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry FRAMES 2020Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 20207. Amazon says the e-mail about TikTok was a mistake and that it doesn't prohibit itClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 20208. Hong Kong police see extended powers and can search without warrantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 20209. Risen Energy inks EPC contract for a 250 MW project in Vietnam;The company continues its excellent track record in overseas marketsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202010. China Removes Animal Linked to Coronavirus From List of Traditional MedicineClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202011. Gold falls 1% to Wall Street up amid economic upturn optimismClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202012. PRECIOUS METALS-Gold falls 1% to Rise on Wall Street amid Optimism Economic ReopeningClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202013. Trade Tensions Driving Export Controls Imposed by US Could Reshape Semiconductor Ecosystem, ANZ SaysClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202014. Grim Coronavirus Milestone: 2 million confirmed U.S. cases, CDC warns of a second spike; Remains Belong To Missing Kids: Chad Daybell hid bodies on Idaho property; Apple, Amazon and Microsoft close in record territory; Providing The COVID-19 Vaccine: 35 percent definitely or probably not getting vaccine; Confederate Monuments Debate: President Donald Trump will not rename confederate-named bases; President Trump traveling to Dallas later today to talk about police reform and race relations; The number of Americans working from home nearly tripled since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic; Mornings with Maria celebrated five years on the air last weekClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202015. The growth of Asian football, a realityClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202016. Midday ETF Update: US Stocks Expand Gains on Optimistic Economic RecoveryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202017. LEADER MCCARTHY JOINS CNBC'S SQUAWK BOXClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202018. CASIC Accelerates to Empower New Infrastructure ConstructionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202019. Economy/Business.- TikTok to create 10,000 jobs in the US in three yearsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202020. USA.- TikTok to create 10,000 jobs in the US in three yearsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202021. US investors intend to take control of TikTok, according to 'FT'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202022. US investors seek to take control of TikTok, according to Financial TimesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 202023. Denso CASE (Connectivity, Automation, Sharing and Electrification) Research Report, 2020;As one of the top three Tier1 suppliers in the world, Denso makes adjustments and deployments during the automotive industry disruption. Sorting out Denso's existing product lines, up to 200-plus varieties are found, including virtually 70 for CASE (connectivity, automation, sharing and electrification).Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Geography by Document: North America; Timeline: Jun 01, 2020 to Jul 31, 2020

Huawei, its exit from the 5G project in the UK and the fear of cyber espionageCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 18, 2020 SaturdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 831 wordsBodyThe world has definitely gone from a time of change to a change in the era, as we have said in previous analyses. One evidence of this is the increasing shift of power and its various expressions, both geographically and civilizationally, as well as in the dimension in which it develops: from an eminently material to an increasingly intangible one, and where wars and conflicts in general will have an ever greater link with low-intensity strategies, with technology and innovation.Let us begin with the issue of the displacement of power at the geographical/civilizational level: in the twentieth century, the struggle for power unfolded around ideologies and ways of life, and the socio-political and socioeconomic organizations that were falling from it. Power was largely measured through wealth (GDP and GDP per capita), between the capitalist bloc, led by the United States of America, and the socialist bloc, led by the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), in what became known as the 'Bipolar Confrontation' in the framework of the Cold War.Already in the 21st century we have seen how international relations have been in constant motion – like tectonic plates looking to be rearrangeed – which has generated transformations in the international structure, going from one unipolar type (immediately after the dissolution of the USSR and with the US at the helm), to another uni-multi-polar, (where power forks, generating various game boards) and finally in a tripolarity where power is distributed among the United States , Russia and China.The United States is the hegemonic power that, in our view, is in decline, or at least that is what its competitors want; with a Donald Trump who has proposed maintaining the principles and values of Western civilization through the promotion of liberal representative democracy; free market, free trade, free initiative, freedom of expression, information and the thought and empire of human rights, against a Russia that deals in an imperialist way, to expand territorially through a prioritization of its action in terms of security and defense against China, which maintains a dual system of politically-growing authoritarianism but a growing liberalism in economics , which has flooded Western markets with companies like Huawei, for example.China's AttemptsIn this way, China struggles to be the hegemonic actor in 21st century international relations, through a shift of the center of gravity of the same, from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean, among other things, with its geopolitical project of the 'Pearl Necklace' to dominate the Far East.In addition, he now wants to lead a world where power moves according to variables such as: territory, natural resources, economy and wealth (in terms of GDP and GDP per capita) and military capability, to another where power will be based on the intangible, where the central will and strategy will not only be the will and strategy in terms of national interest, but knowledge , technology, innovation will have a main seat.We have witnessed this week how the UK Government has left Chinese giant Huawei out of its 5G technology projects. This technology provides access to data traffic at a much faster rate to the 4G network by making all the artifacts of our lives, or at least much ofbecome "smart" and therefore controlled from the internet or can be an open window to cyberespionage or cyber-terrorism.Faced with this scenario there is fear, considering that in the past of Ren Zhengfei, president of Huawei, weighed a career as an exficial of the People's Liberation Army in the Chinese Armed Forces, for nine years, until 1983. He is also a member of the Communist Party of China.The accusations about Ren Zhengfei stem from the U.S. fear that Huawei could be used by China to spy, through its 5G technology under the criterion that controlling technology at the heart of these networks could give the Chinese multinational the ability to disrupt communications during any future dispute, developing the hypothesis of fourth- and fifth-generation wars based on technology and cyber.Five-Eye ClubBased on the above, China is working on the 'Five-Eye Club' which is an alliance of intelligence, espionage and counter-espionage between the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, which is part of the commitment of Member States to cooperate and share information on cyber terms.In this context, these states promote China as a technological threat at the hand of Huawei, which can spread to other countries in the West.Perhaps in the near future we will no longer see such bloody wars as World War I and Second, but we will enter into a "low intensity" dynamic, where uncertainty and fear will be the constant, even more so when we become more dependent on technology and information.The author is an internationalist and specialist in international law and politics. He is currently a candidate for a doctor of political science.Load-Date: July 19, 2020End of Document

Amazon prohibits its employees from using TikTok for security reasonsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 10, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 334 wordsBody The US e-commerce multinational Amazon asked all its employees to remove the Chinese social network TikTok from their phones on "security risks," at a time when Donald Trump's government is considering banning its use in the country.In a letter to workers, Amazon's management explained that "because of security risks," the TikTok app "is no longer allowed on mobile phones through which a corporate email account is accessed" and gave them the deadline to eliminate it until the end of today.  In the event that an employee of the firm does not delete the app from your device, the company will remove access to your email account.The firm run by Jeff Bezos will continue to allow, "for the time being", those workers who wish to access TikTok from their laptops, although this is a much less popular and common option than mobile phone entry.  TikTok is a social network developed by ByteDance, based in Beijing, China, which shares short videos and has achieved great success in recent years, especially among the adolescent public, but at the same time has raised great doubts about the security of user data and its links with the Chinese Communist Party government.  Thus, the Indian Government blocked TikTok and another fiftieth of Chinese applications in late June amid the territorial dispute it has with its neighboring country, while Australia and the US have revealed that they are considering following those same steps.In the U.S. case, it was Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who explained in a television interview that he and Trump are "taking that possibility seriously" and warned Americans that they should be cautious in using TikTok, if they don't want their private information to fall "into the hands of the Chinese Communist Party."After Amazon's decision became known, TikTok assured in a statement that he does not understand the company's security concerns and set them to open a dialogue "to solve any problems they may have and allow them to remain part of our community."Load-Date: July 11, 2020End of Document

Amazon prohibits its employees from using TikTok for security reasonsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 10, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 340 wordsBodySan Francisco, USA, 10 Jul (EFE)- US e-commerce multinational Amazon on Friday asked all its employees to remove the Chinese social network TikTok from their phones citing "security risks," at a time when Donald Trump's government is considering banning its use in the country.In a letter to workers, Amazon's management explained that "because of security risks," the TikTok app "is no longer allowed on mobile phones through which a corporate email account is accessed" and gave them the deadline to eliminate it until the end of today.In the event that an employee of the firm does not delete the app from your device, the company will remove access to your email account.The firm run by Jeff Bezos will continue to allow, "for the time being", those workers who wish to access TikTok from their laptops, although this is a much less popular and common option than mobile phone entry.TikTok is a social network developed by ByteDance, based in Beijing, China, which shares short videos and has achieved great success in recent years, especially among the adolescent public, but at the same time has raised great doubts about the security of user data and its links with the Chinese Communist Party government.Thus, the Indian Government blocked TikTok and another fiftieth of Chinese applications in late June amid the territorial dispute it has with its neighboring country, while Australia and the US have revealed that they are considering following those same steps.In the U.S. case, it was Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who explained in a television interview that he and Trump are "taking that possibility seriously" and warned Americans that they should be cautious in using TikTok, if they don't want their private information to fall "into the hands of the Chinese Communist Party."After Amazon's decision became known, TikTok assured in a statement that he does not understand the company's security concerns and set them to open a dialogue "to solve any problems they may have and allow them to remain part of our community."Load-Date: July 11, 2020End of Document

Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare Market Worth $45.2 Billion by 2026 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets™PR NewswireJune 9, 2020 Tuesday 9:30 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1128 wordsDateline: CHICAGO, June 9, 2020 BodyPR NewswireAccording to the new market research report on the "Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare Market with COVID-19 Impact Analysisby Offering (Hardware, Software, Services), Technology (Machine Learning, NLP, Context-Aware Computing, Computer Vision), End-Use Application, End User and Region - Global Forecast To 2026", published by MarketsandMarkets™, the global AI in Healthcare Market is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2020 and reach USD 45.2 billion by 2026; it is projected to grow at a CAGR of 44.9% during the forecast period. The major factors driving the growth of the market are the increasing volume of healthcare data and growing complexities of datasets, the intensifying need to reduce towering healthcare costs, improving computing power and declining hardware costs, growing number of cross-industry partnerships and collaborations, and rising imbalance between health workforce and patients driving the need for improvised healthcare services. Another major fueling the market growth currently is the adoption of this technology by multiple pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies across the world to expedite vaccine or drug development processes for COVID-19.Ask for PDF Brochure:https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=54679303Software segment in AI healthcare market projected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period.Many companies are developing software solutions for various healthcare applications; this is the key factor complementing the growth of the software segment. Growing adoption of AI-driven healthcare informatics solutions and healthcare operational support by hospitals and other healthcare service providers is expected to boost the demand for services in the later part of the forecast period.Machine learning in AI healthcare market projected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period.Growing adoption of deep learning in various healthcare applications, especially in the areas of medical imaging, disease diagnostics, and drug discovery, and the use of different sensors and devices to derive a patient's health status in real time are supplementing the growth of the market.Medical imaging & diagnostics segment in AI healthcare market projected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period.The high growth of the medical imaging and diagnostics segment can be attributed to factors such as the presence of a large volume of imaging data, advantages offered by AI systems to radiologists in diagnosis and treatment management, and the influx of a large number of startups in this segment.Patients segment in AI healthcare market projected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period.Increasing demand for personalized care, the need to reduce hospital readmissions, and the convenience offered by AI products and solutions are the key factors driving the growth of the patients segment in the AI in healthcare market.Browse in-depth TOC on "Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare Market"105 – Tables59- Figures255 – PagesInquiry Before Buying:https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_BuyingNew.asp?id=54679303AI in healthcare market in APAC projected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period.China is the highest healthcare spender among APAC countries and has charted out official plans to digitize medical records. In addition, the Chinese government is undertaking initiatives to encourage the adoption of AI technologies in healthcare. These will drive the market for AI in healthcare in China. Japan is likely to hold the second-largest market share during the forecast period.Major players in the AI in healthcare market are NVIDIA Corporation (NVIDIA) (US), Intel Corporation (Intel) (US), International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) (US), Google Inc. (Google) (US), Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft) (US), Amazon Web Services (an Amazon.com, Inc. subsidiary) (AWS) (US), General Vision, Inc. (US), General Electric (GE) Healthcare (US), Siemens Healthineers (Germany), Medtronic plc (US), Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. (Johnson & Johnson) (US), and Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands).Related Reports:Artificial Intelligence in Cybersecurity Market by Offering (Hardware, Software, and Service), Deployment Type, Security Type, Technology (ML, NLP, and Context-Aware), Application (IAM, DLP, and UTM), End User, and Geography- Global Forecast to 2026Artificial Intelligence in Manufacturing Market by Offering (Hardware, Software, and Services), Technology (Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Context-Aware Computing, and NLP), Application, Industry, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2025About MarketsandMarkets™ MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions.Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model – GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "Knowledge Store" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.Contact:Mr. Aashish MehraMarketsandMarkets™ INC.630 Dundee RoadSuite 430Northbrook, IL 60062USA: +1-888-600-6441Email:sales@marketsandmarkets.comVisit Our Web Site:https://www.marketsandmarkets.comResearch Insight :           https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/ResearchInsight/artificial-intelligence-healthcare-market.aspContent Source :           https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/PressReleases/artificial-intelligence-healthcare.asp View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artificial-intelligence-in-healthcare-market-worth-45-2-billion-by-2026---exclusive-report-by-marketsandmarkets-301072636.htmlSOURCE MarketsandMarketsLoad-Date: June 9, 2020End of Document

US tech investors plan to acquire TikTok to neutralize the power of China's social network in the USCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 23, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 348 wordsBodyA group of U.S. technology investors, led by General Atlantic and Sequoia Capital, prepares a plan to acquire the social network of musical microvideos TikTok, owned by the Chinese company ByteDance and currently under the White House magnifying glass, which has threatened to veto Chinese social media apps, according to the Financial Times.Investors would have held talks with the U.S. Treasury and other U.S. regulators to see if the acquisition of TikTok and its segregation from its Chinese parent company would resolve the Administration's security concerns, as indicated by knowledgeable sources.Following the transaction, ByteDance would retain a minority stake in the international business, but without voting rights, added a source involved in the talks. "It's the only viable plan," he added.US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo recently stated in an interview with Fox News that the U.S. government is considering banning Chinese social media applications, including TikTok. Indeed, on 29 June, the Government of India announced a ban on more than 50 applications from China, including TikTok, considering them related to activities detrimental to India's sovereignty and integrity, its defense, and state security and public order.For its part, TikTok announced on Wednesday that the goal of creating around 10,000 new jobs in the United States has been set for over the next three years. "In 2020, TikTok tripled the number of employees working in the United States and we plan to create another 10,000 jobs there over the next three years," said a company spokesman.Trump's Tulsa rally a few weeks ago, which was to be the first major campaign event amid the management of the coronavirus pandemic, was boycotted by thousands of TikTok users, who responded to a challenge launched on this Chinese social network. Hundreds of users asked for tickets to attend the event so that they did not, leaving a large void in an event on which the presence of one million people was announced - they did not reach 6,000 attendees.commentsforum0WhatsApp  Facebook  Twitter  Linkedin       Load-Date: July 24, 2020End of Document

FCC Chairman Pai Issues Remarks to Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry FRAMES 2020Targeted News ServiceJuly 10, 2020 Friday 7:40 AM  ESTCopyright 2020 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 2710 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Federal Communications Commission issued the following remarks on July 9 by Chairman Ajit Pai to the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry FRAMES 2020:It's great to be with you--at long last. I hope that everyone is staying safe and healthy during the global COVID-19 pandemic.This is my second time speaking at FRAMES. My first was back in 2014. I'm sorry that it took me so long to return, but I hold out hope that absence truly does make the heart grow fonder, even when the absence is that of a government regulator.In all seriousness, I had actually planned on being with you in Mumbai this March. I was looking forward to seeing in-person the top headliners of Indian media and entertainment, and learning from all of you where the Indian marketplace is going. That trip unfortunately didn't happen because of the coronavirus pandemic. But I did have the honor in February of being part of the U.S. delegation to India that was headed by the President. One of the many highlights of this trip was the state banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan. And one highlight of the banquet was sitting across the table from A.R. Rahman, who as you know is the Academy Award-winning musician who composed the soundtrack for Slumdog Millionaire. After speaking with him, I got a bold idea: What if I ended my FRAMES keynote by showcasing a Bollywood song and dance number with other conference-goers? Alas, we will never know what could have been--Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham, indeed.My 2014 FRAMES remarks didn't have a big finishing number, either. But looking back, I'm relieved to say that they did a pretty good job of identifying the new technologies and trends that would reshape the media and entertainment landscape. Back then, I suggested that 2014 was a hinge moment for Internet video. And here we are in 2020. Thanks to faster fixed broadband networks and 4G LTE, and I'm quoting here, "over-the-top providers are impacting the market in a big way . . . [and] mobile video is exploding." There are so many OTT choices for consumers that we're calling it "The Streaming Wars." Meanwhile, more than 60% of video viewing worldwide is on mobile devices.That transformation will only continue, with technology set to re-shape even further the media and entertainment sector.For example, new broadcast TV standards are being developed, including the ATSC 3.0 standard being rolled out in the United States. This next generation of over-the-air broadcasting will enable interactive programming and ultra-HD picture quality.Thanks in part to the FCC's efforts, we also have opened the doors to the rollout in the United States of Wi-Fi 6, the next generation of Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi 6 will be over two-and-a-half times faster than the current standard, and it will offer better performance for connected devices. I'll talk more about this a little later.Another game-changer is 5G. In 2018, the average mobile connection worldwide was 13 Mbps. 5G networks can deliver wireless connectivity measured in gigabits, not megabits. With 5G, the lag time between a device's request for data and the network's response will be less than one-tenth of what it is today. Wireless networks that today support one thousand connected devices per square kilometer could instead support one million. On top of that, 5G will also create a new option for fixed home broadband.What will the advances of 5G mean for the entertainment sector? First and foremost: No more buffering. People already love mobile video, and they're consuming more and more of it every day. Imagine how much more they will demand this content when you get rid of slow load times and midstream interruptions.It's no big surprise, especially for this audience, that improvements in connectivity will accelerate the shift to streaming and on-demand and mobile video. But what are some of the new applications and services that will be unlocked by 5G?When it comes to entertainment, the categories where most analysts are predicting significant breakthroughs include virtual reality and augmented reality.VR can offer a new platform for storytellers to create content unlike anything we've ever seen. And as big-screen TVs and surround-sound systems make the home-viewing experience more popular, movie theater operators are looking at VR and AR to create more immersive theater experiences. VR and AR can also open new doors in areas like healthcare and education, opportunities that seem especially relevant as people are accessing those things at home during the pandemic.Considering VR and AR are still nascent technologies, it's fair to say these are areas where we'll see some of the biggest leaps forward over the next five to ten years. But if you ask me what entertainment category is going to see the most technology-fueled growth, I'd bet on gaming.First of all, gaming is already huge--much larger than most people realize. In 2019, consumers spent over $120 billion on digital games worldwide. For context, that's three times the global box office for movies in 2019. Looking long-term, gaming is especially popular with digital natives who grew up in the Internet era. Last year, 52% of Gen Z and 46% of millennials in the United States regularly played video games for hour-plus stretches.And people aren't just playing video games. They're watching them, too. In the United States, major networks aired esports auto racing when the in-person events had to be scrapped because of the pandemic, and viewership exceed expectations. More than 200 million people watch gaming content on YouTube, logging more than 50 billion hours of viewing time annually. Just last month, Twitch had more than 7 million users watch over 1.6 billion hours of content. Gaming has become so popular that there are efforts to include esports as events at international sporting competitions such as the Olympics and Asia Games. And professional gamers can earn thousands of dollars a month. This gives hope to millions of parents--myself included--who have spent the last four months watching their kids play video games seemingly nonstop.In my view, market analyst Matthew Ball offers a keen insight into why gaming could be the entertainment space's biggest beneficiary from 5G. Ball writes that all media is the product of three things: (1) technology; (2) content; and (3) business models. He argues that gaming, more than TV, movies, or music, is most closely linked to technological change--its growth is driven by it. By contrast, in other media categories, it's a simpler story: New technologies replace existing ones. Think of streaming replacing digital downloads replacing CDs replacing cassettes. With gaming, technology unlocks net-additive growth--it makes the overall pie bigger. Console gaming has held relatively steady for 20-plus years, while PC-gaming has become almost as big as console gaming. Mobile gaming, which didn't exist 15 years ago, is bigger than both combined. With 5G and other technological advances, like the aforementioned VR, we can expect to see entirely new gaming experiences.Add this all together, and you understand why Netflix CEO Reed Hastings once said that he believes Netflix's biggest competitor is the video game Fortnite. As a regulator, this quote is inspiring, in a sense. That's because my job as a regulator is to promote the public interest. And history has shown us that the greatest driver of consumer benefits is not government-knows-best regulation, but a competitive free market. Competition drives creativity. Competition drives investment. And competition drives down consumer prices.When Netflix is trying to figure out how to offer a better value proposition than not only cable multisystem operators and other streaming video services, but also video-game makers, all competitors will have to step up their efforts. This is daunting for content creators and media companies, but it's great for consumers.I know I've spent most of my time today talking about content. But at the FCC, we're focused more on networks--in particular, the wired and wireless networks that are the indispensable infrastructure of the digital media economy.This is more relevant than some might think. For one of the key challenges for media companies, now and into the future, will be how to reach customers, or potential customers, on their terms--on their preferred devices, in their preferred places, and at their preferred times. This is in part a question of what networks can support. So I'd like to spend the rest of my time talking about the FCC's approach to promoting cutting-edge networks like 5G that will serve as a platform for new entertainment services and applications.I noticed that this panel is titled, "Regulating Creativity: Overcoming Legacy Challenges to Shape the Future of M&E." I think "overcoming legacy challenges" is actually a pretty good description of the FCC's regulatory philosophy under my leadership.It's long been the case that technology changes constantly, and at a pace much faster than government agencies are capable of moving. That's why, immediately after becoming FCC Chairman, I called for an across-the-board review of the Commission's rules and regulations. I wanted to identify rules and policies that no longer made sense given technological advances and changes in the marketplace, and either revise or repeal them.This task of modernizing the Commission's rules has kept us quite busy over the past three-plus years.To be clear, we haven't been eliminating rules for the sake of eliminating rules. Our goals have been to match the rules to the times, and to promote innovation and investment in faster, better wired and wireless networks. So we targeted regulations that were holding back network advancements. A good example of what I'm talking about is the Commission's old regulations that made it more difficult for telephone companies to transition from legacy networks based on copper lines to new, IPbased networks. We've eliminated these rules. As a result, money that was being spent propping up the crumbling infrastructure of the past has now been freed up to build and expand the networks of the future.Shifting to 5G, one of the big challenges we faced was that the Commission's infrastructure rules were written in an era when our cell networks relied primarily on 80-meter towers. But 5G networks rely on exponentially more small cells. Without reform, this would have meant an exponential increase in regulatory approvals. To cut through this red tape, we set a reasonable deadline for cities to rule on siting applications and reasonable limits on siting fees. Thanks in part to the changes that we made, the number of wireless small cells deployed in the United States has more than quadrupled.If there's one area where the FCC has done the most work to re-think legacy decisions, it's the spectrum chart. Adopting forward-thinking spectrum policies and making additional spectrum available for 5G services is a key component of realizing the promise of a 5G future.Just look at the 500 megahertz swath of spectrum from 3.7 GHz to 4.2 GHz--what we call the Cband. This spectrum is mostly used by fixed-satellite companies to beam content to video and audio broadcasters, cable systems, and other content distributors. With advances in technology, these companies can provide the same services using considerably less spectrum. Also, this mid-band spectrum is appealing for 5G because it combines good geographic coverage with good capacity.That's why the FCC recently voted to clear the lower 280 megahertz of the C-band and make this spectrum available for flexible use through a public auction that will begin this December 8th. Rather than accept the status quo, we've made 280 megahertz of high-quality mid-band spectrum available for 5G, while protecting incumbents, who will continue to provide the same services as today using the band's upper 200 megahertz.We also need more mid-band spectrum to enable unlicensed innovation, like next-generation Wi- Fi 6, which I mentioned earlier in my remarks. And to meet that need, the Commission voted this April to make 1,200 megahertz of airwaves in the 6 GHz band available for unlicensed use. With this vote, we've effectively increased the amount of mid-band spectrum available for Wi-Fi by almost a factor of five. And we're doing all of this while protecting from harmful interference important incumbent services in the 6 GHz band, including the operations of electric utilities, public safety, broadcasters, and wireless backhaul.Looking higher up the spectrum chart, the FCC began 2020 by wrapping up an auction of 3,400 megahertz of spectrum in the upper 37, 39 and 47 GHz bands, the most spectrum ever awarded in a single auction. Not long ago, these airwaves were considered unsuitable for broadband. But by adjusting our spectrum allocations to reflect technological advances, these airwaves are now being used to deploy 5G.Of course, the FCC's job is not just to promote the development and deployment of new communications technologies. We also have an obligation to make sure all Americans can benefit from those technologies. So, in addition to all I've discussed, the FCC has been working to make sure that high-speed connectivity is available to all Americans.Our primary initiative to do this is our Rural Digital Opportunity Fund. Established this January, the Fund will provide more than $20 billion to support the deployment of up to gigabit-speed broadband networks in those parts of rural America that currently don't have fixed broadband service. And we've updated rules in our existing subsidy programs to favor the deployment of faster networks covering more residents in rural communities.On the wireless side, we're in the process of creating a $9 billion fund to bring 5G to rural America. My view is that delivering digital equity for rural consumers at the outset is far better than trying to bridge a digital divide later. And along those lines, when the FCC last year approved TMobile's acquisition of Sprint, we conditioned our consent on T-Mobile meeting stringent 5G buildout benchmarks. For example, T-Mobile must cover 97% of our nation's population with 5G in 3 years and 99% in 6 years, including covering 85% of our nation's rural population with 5G in 3 years and 90% in 6 years.One last point I'll make involves security. Connectivity brings many benefits, no question about it. But it also raises the risk profile. When 5G is embedded in almost every aspect of our society and economy--from businesses to homes, hospitals to transportation networks, manufacturing to the power grid--securing our networks will become much more important and much more difficult.To counter this risk, the FCC has prohibited the use of money from our Universal Service Fund (which includes programs like the Rural Digital Opportunity Fund) to purchase or obtain any equipment or services produced or provided by companies posing a national security threat, such as Huawei and ZTE. We have also begun a process to catalog, remove, and replace unsecure equipment from legacy networks that we help fund. And over a year ago, we denied authorization to China Mobile to enter the U.S. market.I won't take a lot of time to spell out the risks posed by many of these Chinese firms or the Chinese Communist Party itself, because this audience already understands the dangers. Just last week, the Indian government banned 59 Chinese mobile apps that pose security risks, including TikTok. It concluded they "are engaged in activities . . . prejudicial to the sovereignty and integrity of India." When it comes to the security of something as important as the digital economy, my view is that we cannot afford to take a risk and hope for the best. I commend the Indian officials who have embraced this approach.Speaking of Indian officials, I know that the longer I speak, the longer you have to wait to hear from my friend, Ram Sharma. It has been my honor to serve as Chairman Sharma's opening act today, and I look forward to our question and answer session.Thank you again to FICCI for this opportunity to get together with this wonderful group. As A.R. Rahman would say, "Jai ho!"Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7170927 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: July 11, 2020End of Document

Amazon says the e-mail about TikTok was a mistake and that it doesn't prohibit itCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 10, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 307 wordsBodyUS e-commerce multinational Amazon said on Friday, July 10, that e-mail sent hours earlier to its workers asking them to remove the Chinese social network TikTok from their cell phones on "security risks" was a mistake and that its use is not prohibited."This morning's email to some of our workers was sent by mistake. There is currently no change in our policy regarding TikTok," they said from the signing of Seattle (Washington State, USA) in a statement.S0lo a few hours earlier, some employees of the company had received an email explaining that "because of security risks", the TikTok app ceased to be "allowed on cell phones through which a corporate email account is accessed", and given the deadline to remove it until the end of today.In the event that an employee of the firm did not remove the app from their device, the company threatened to remove access to your email account.TikTok is a social network developed by ByteDance, based in Beijing, China, which shares short videos and has achieved great success in recent years, especially among the adolescent public, but at the same time has raised great doubts about the security of user data and its links with the Chinese Communist Party government.Thus, the Indian Government blocked TikTok and another fiftieth of Chinese applications in late June amid the territorial dispute it has with its neighboring country, while Australia and the US have revealed that they are considering following those same steps.In the U.S. case, it was Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who explained in a television interview that he and president, Donald Trump, are "taking that possibility seriously" and warned Americans that they should be cautious in using TikTok, if they don't want their private information to fall "into the hands of the Chinese Communist Party."                          Load-Date: July 11, 2020End of Document

Hong Kong police see extended powers and can search without warrantCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 7, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 628 wordsBodyThe powers of the Hong Kong Police have been significantly extended under the national security law imposed by Beijing to include the possibility of searching without a warrant, according to a document released by the government.Under the new provisions, which need the extension of Article 43 of the law imposed on the territory, security forces can carry out searches without a warrant if they believe there is an "imminent" threat to national security.The provision is part of a 116-page document, released after the first meeting of the Committee for the Safeguarding of National Security of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, chaired by the head of government, Carrie Lam, who met for the first time on Monday.The rules detailed in the document remove much of the judicial scrutiny that until now framed police surveillance powers.According to the document made public, Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam was given extensive surveillance powers, including authorizing the police to intercept communications.The police chief was also given the power to monitor and delete any information on the Internet if there are "reasonable grounds" to believe it violates the national security law imposed by Beijing on the territory.The police may also order companies and internet service providers to remove any information and seize their equipment.If companies refuse, they can be fined up to 100,000 Hong Kong dollars (about 11,415 euros), with their guardians risking up to six months in prison.People who post messages that security forces consider violating national security law face up to a year in prison, plus fines.The announcement comes after tech giants such as Facebook, Google and Twitter announced they will not respond to requests for information about their users from hong kong authorities out of respect for freedom of expression.The police chief may also notify international political organisations to provide information about their activities in Hong Kong, such as personal data, sources of income and expenses. The penalty in case of refusal or false declarations includes a fine of 100,000 Hong Kong dollars (11,415 euros) and imprisonment of six months or two years, respectively.The new national security law, passed by Beijing on June 30, prohibits some political views, such as support for independence or demands for greater autonomy for the territory.For some legal experts, these new surveillance powers assigned to the police are too broad and lack supervision."The new provisions are daunting because they empower police forces that are normally supervised by the judiciary," lawyer Anson Wong Yu-yat told hong kong daily South China Morning Post.Enacted on June 30 by Chinese President Xi Jinping, the new law allows punishing four types of crimes against state security: subversive activities, secession, terrorism and collusion with foreign forces that endanger national security in Hong Kong.Crimes against national security are now life imprisonment in the territory.The international community, with the United States and the European Union in the spotlight, as well as several non-governmental organizations (NGOs), have expressed fears more than once that the law will serve to silence critical voices in Hong Kong after a year of protests that led to 9,000 arrests in the former British colony.Hong Kong returned to China in 1997 under an agreement guaranteeing the territory 50 years of autonomy and unknown freedoms in thethe rest of the country, under the "One country, two systems" principle.As with Macau since 1999, a 50-year period of high autonomy has been agreed for Hong Kong at executive, legislative and judicial level, with the Chinese central government being responsible for external relations and defence.Load-Date: July 8, 2020End of Document

Risen Energy inks EPC contract for a 250 MW project in Vietnam; The company continues its excellent track record in overseas marketsPR NewswireJuly 16, 2020 Thursday 10:00 PM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 367 wordsDateline: NINGBO, China, July 16, 2020 BodyPR Newswire Risen Energy Co., Ltd. (SZSE:300118) recently announced that the company will provide EPC services for Xinghai Group's 4/5 project (totaling 250 MW) in Loc Ninh, Vietnam, and is expected to complete shipment this December. The facility, one of the largest privately-funded EPC projects worldwide, will help the company further improve its competitiveness in the Vietnamese market once it has been successfully connected to the grid.With direct sunlight generally available between 2,000 and 2,500 hours per year, Vietnam is among the countries in Southeast Asia best placed to take advantage of solar energy. However, the country's hot and humid environment raises the criteria for the stable operation of components. To ensure success, Risen Energy will provide high-efficient Jaeger components for the project, which are more resistant to LID and LeTID. In addition, the components are expected to lower LCOE and increase revenue from the facility's power generation.As one of the first PV companies entering the Vietnamese market, Risen Energy quickly implemented a strategy focusing on resource localization, recruiting local talents, and establishing local branches. The approach went a long way in helping the firm garner a number of project orders. The company has expanded its presence globally, with completed projects in Europe, Asia, North America, South America and Australia. Most notable are the excellent results in markets benefiting from the Chinese government's Belt and Road Initiative, including Nepal, Bangladesh, Kazakhstan and Malaysia.Commenting on the cooperation, Risen Energy said, "We are very delighted to partner with Xinghai Group on this project. The collaboration will not only further consolidate the company's market position in Vietnam, but also drive development of the clean energy sector in Vietnam and Southeast Asia. We will continue to make full use of our advantages to meet the diversified needs of customers worldwide and provide them with higher-quality PV products and services." View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/risen-energy-inks-epc-contract-for-a-250-mw-project-in-vietnam-301094566.htmlSOURCE Risen Energy Co., LtdCONTACT: Tina Feng, +86-574-59953077Load-Date: July 16, 2020End of Document

China Removes Animal Linked to Coronavirus From List of Traditional MedicineUSNEWS.comJune 10, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 U.S. News & World Report All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; World Report; Vol.; No.Length: 450 wordsByline: Alexa LardieriHighlight: Research suggests that pangolins kept in wildlife markets across China may have facilitated the incubation of the coronavirus.BodyChina has removed from its list of approved traditional medicine an animal thought to have facilitated the origin of the coronavirus. According to Chinese state-run media, the latest version of the Chinese Pharmacopoeia, an official government compilation of drugs covering traditional Chinese and Western medicine, does not include pangolin scales, citing illegal hunting and trading of the animal. The decision comes after research suggests that pangolins, similar to a scaly anteater, kept in wildlife markets across China may have facilitated incubation of COVID-19, sparking a global pandemic that has infected more than 7.25 million people and caused more than 411,690 deaths. Scientists studying the genetics of the coronavirus determined that it spent time incubating in bats and pangolins before jumping to humans. A study published last month found that COVID-19 repeatedly swapped genes with similar coronavirus strains that infected bats, pangolins and possibly a third animal species. The pangolin is the most illegally traded wild mammal in the world. The animals are poached for their meat, which is eaten as a luxury dish, and their scales, which are used in traditional Asian medicine, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Species Survival Commission Pangolin Specialist Group. The latest version of the pharmacopoeia states that the "depleted wild species will be withdrawn" from the list. China also upgraded several species of pangolin from second-class to first-class protected animals due to their rapidly decreasing population because of over-hunting and habitat destruction. Conservation group WildAid states that more than 200,000 pangolins are consumed annually for their meat and scales in parts of Asia, and authorities seized more 130 tons of pangolin-related products last year. While pangolin scales are made of keratin, the same material in human fingernails, traditional Chinese medicine claims they improve blood circulation and reduce inflammation.Alexa Lardieri is a reporter and digital producer for the Civic section of U.S. News & World Report, where she writes about breaking news. She came to U.S. News in 2016 as a researcher and writer for the Rankings and Reviews section and in 2017, joined the news team, where she helped launch America 2020. Alexa has previously worked for LifeZette.com as a reporter and social media specialist and was an editor for several outlets at her alma mater. She is a graduate of the Philip Merrill College of Journalism at the University of Maryland, College Park. You can follow her on Twitter and            Facebook, connect with her on            LinkedIn or email her at alardieri@usnews.comGraphic Picture, Pangolins are poached for their meat, which is eaten as a luxury dish, and their scales, which are used in traditional Asian medicine., (Song Qiao/VCG via Getty Images)Load-Date: June 11, 2020End of Document

Gold falls 1% to Wall Street up amid economic upturn optimismCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 2, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 253 wordsBodyBy K. Sathya Narayanan2 Jun (Reuters) - Gold fell on Tuesday by 1%, swept away by investors' takeovers and the wall street advance amid optimism for the return to activity of economies affected by the coronavirus pandemic.* Cash fell 0.9% to $1,725.23 an ounce at 1725 GMT, after it rose 1% on Monday to its highest level since May 21. Gold futures in the United States fell 1% to $1,733.20.S&P;500 and Dow Jones rates reached new highs of three months on Tuesday due to optimism about reopening businesses, although investors were still cautious about protests in the United States over the death of an African-American man while in police custody.Concerns about the deterioration of relations between Beijing and Washington increased after reports of a Chinese government order to its state firms to stop purchases of American soybeans.* Meanwhile, in a sign that the worst of the economic crisis caused by the coronavirus pandemic would have been left behind, manufacturing activity in the United States rose slightly from a low of 11 years and China's unexpectedly returned to expansion.* Reflecting investor confidence, the holdings of SPDR Gold Trust, the largest gold-backed fund listed, grew on Monday by 0.5% to 1,128.40 tons, its highest level in seven years.* Among other precious metals, palladium rose 1% to $1,980.68 an ounce, platinum fell 0.3% to $845.57 ounce, and silver fell 1.9% to $17.92 per ounce.(Report by K. Sathya Narayanan in Bengaluru; Edited in Spanish by Ricardo Figueroa and Javier Leira)Load-Date: June 3, 2020End of Document

PRECIOUS METALS-Gold falls 1% to Rise on Wall Street amid Optimism Economic ReopeningCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 2, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 281 wordsBody* For an interactive chart that tracks the global spread of the coronavirus, open https://tmsnrt.rs/3aIRuz7 in an external browser (Update with values at market close)By K. Sathya Narayanan2 Jun (Reuters) - Gold fell on Tuesday by 1%, swept away by investors' takeovers and the wall street advance amid optimism for the return to activity of economies affected by the coronavirus pandemic.* Cash fell 0.9% to $1,725.23 an ounce at 1725 GMT, after it rose 1% on Monday to its highest level since May 21. Gold futures in the United States fell 1% to $1,733.20.S&P;500 and Dow Jones rates reached new highs of three months on Tuesday due to optimism about reopening businesses, although investors were still cautious about protests in the United States over the death of an African-American man while in police custody.Concerns about the deterioration of relations between Beijing and Washington increased after reports of a Chinese government order to its state firms to stop purchases of American soybeans.* Meanwhile, in a sign that the worst of the economic crisis caused by the coronavirus pandemic would have been left behind, manufacturing activity in the United States rose slightly from a low of 11 years and China's unexpectedly returned to expansion.* Reflecting investor confidence, the holdings of SPDR Gold Trust, the largest gold-backed fund listed, grew on Monday by 0.5% to 1,128.40 tons, its highest level in seven years.* Among other precious metals, palladium rose 1% to $1,980.68 an ounce, platinum fell 0.3% to $845.57 ounce, and silver fell 1.9% to $17.92 per ounce.(Report by K. Sathya Narayanan in Bengaluru; Edited in Spanish by Ricardo Figueroa and Javier Leira)Load-Date: June 3, 2020End of Document

Trade Tensions Driving Export Controls Imposed by US Could Reshape Semiconductor Ecosystem, ANZ SaysMT Newswires Live Briefs PROJune 17, 2020 Wednesday 6:53 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 271 wordsBody Export controls introduced by the US are adding "uncertainty" to the global semiconductor industry amid continued trade tensions with China, which could reshape the broader ecosystem in the sector, according to ANZ Research. Technology firms in the US and China are "heavily reliant" on other Asian economies for the supply of components for its products, with mainland China looking to Taiwan and South Korea for about 43% of its "high-tech imports," the research arm of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group said in a note on Wednesday. Chinese giant Huawei Technologies, the world's second-biggest smartphone maker, is reliant on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TPE:2330) to produce its "most advanced chip," and that's put TSMC "at the center of tech geopolitics," said economists Bansi Madhavani and Raymond Yeung in the note. The US added Huawei to its Entity List last year, a move that prevents US companies from selling to the Chinese firm without government approval. Last month, the US added to that by restricting Huawei's ability "to use US technology and software to design and manufacture its semiconductors abroad," the Commerce Department said at the time.ANZ said the global semiconductor market is dominated by a few US firms, including Intel (INTC) and Micron Technology (MU), while China is a "relatively small player" in the industry and its companies are "several generations behind industry leaders" in the technology that they use. "Heightened trade tensions can reshape the semiconductor ecosystem in the form of production reshoring and restructuring of supply chains," Madhavani and Yeung said. Load-Date: June 17, 2020End of Document

Grim Coronavirus Milestone: 2 million confirmed U.S. cases, CDC warns of a second spike; Remains Belong To Missing Kids: Chad Daybell hid bodies on Idaho property; Apple, Amazon and Microsoft close in record territory; Providing The COVID-19 Vaccine: 35 percent definitely or probably not getting vaccine; Confederate Monuments Debate: President Donald Trump will not rename confederate-named bases; President Trump traveling to Dallas later today to talk about police reform and race relations; The number of Americans working from home nearly tripled since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic; Mornings with Maria celebrated five years on the air last weekMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 6:00 AM ESTJune 11, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 6921 wordsByline: Maria Bartiromo; Cheryl Casone; Dagen McDowellGuests: Michael Starr Hopkins; Jonathan Madison; Ted Rossman, Stephen Auth, Mark Tepper, Dr. Paul Stoffels, Kristen Soltis AndersonBodyLOUIS DOBBS, FOX NEWS HOST: --we hope you will join us. A reminder to follow me on Twitter @LouDobbs like me on Facebook and follow me on Instagram @LouDobbsTonight thanks for joining us. See you tomorrow good night from Sussex.MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX NEWS HOST: Good morning, happy Thursday, everybody, thank you so much for joining us. I'm Maria Bartiromo, it is Thursday June 11th, your top stories right now 6:00 am on the button on the East Coast.Markets are under pressure this morning there are new concerns this morning over a new Coronavirus spike and a slow recovery that's weighing on investors this morning. We are looking at 450 point sell off right out of the gate this morning. Some states seeing a jump in confirmed cases after easing lockdowns. This as the U.S. surpasses 2 million Coronavirus cases.The Federal Reserve holding interest rates near zero through 2022 Fed Chair Jay Powell warning that the recovery has a long road ahead. This all coming amid a mixed session on Wall Street yesterday technology stocks were the standout. Take a look, the NASDAQ closing above 10,000 which is a new record high, the other majors under pressure throughout the session.Ordering up the major deal in food delivery Grubhub to be acquired by European food Delivery Company for more than $7 billion leaving UBER empty handed Grubhub soaring on the news this morning, taking a look at that stock which is up almost 50 percent - 7 percent rather at 6320 on Grubhub.The economic recovery IAC and Expedia Group Chairman Barry Diller joining me live this morning at 8:00 am eastern, don't miss that his valuable insight on the digital economy and beyond. President Trump headed to Dallas today to talk police reform this as protestors continue to take to the streets across the country. We have got all the latest happenings coming up.And the next jobs in America, with more people working from home the cyber threat is surging, we're taking a look at the growing demand of world of Cybersecurity. "Mornings with Maria" is live right now.And global markets this morning are under pressure, take a look at European Indices selling off the morning, FTSE 100 is down 122, CAC Quarante is down 101 and the DAX Index in Germany down 244 right now.In Asia overnight it was red across the board there as well following the Federal Reserve's somber warning on the economic recovery we will bring you all of that coming up. Oil prices are also sliding this morning along with stocks. This, of course, is an indicator of demand and the price of oil now down about 3 percent $1.21 lowers at 38.39 a barrel on crude.Some of the top stories that we're watching this morning now confirmed COVID-19 cases in the United States now surpassing 2 million as several states have seen a surge in new cases recently. One of those states Arizona has been told to fully activate its emergency plan.The CDC now warning of a dramatic spike nationwide a new report shows the number of daily infections in the United States is up by about 36 percent. President Trump is headed to Dallas Church today to talk about race, relations and police reform. It comes on the heels of emotional testimony yesterday from George Floyd's brother at a House hearing on police reform.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PHILONISE FLOYD, GOERGE FLOYD'S BROTHER: He didn't deserve to die over $20. I'm asking you are that what a black man is worth, $20? This is 2020. The people elected you to speak for them to make positive change, George's name means something. You have the opportunity to here today to make your names mean something too.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And as calls grow to defund the police the sister of a protective service officer killed during riots says it would be wrong.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANGELA UNDERWOOD JACOBS, SISTER OF KILLED PROTECTIVE SERVICE OFFICER: It is a ridiculous solution to proclaim that defunding police departments is a solution to police brutality and discrimination nowhere in the nation to remove safety net that every citizen deserves from American officials.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Both Republican and Democrats are working to pass legislation on police reform. We have got the very latest coming up. One of the fired police officers charged in the death of George Floyd out of jail on bond, Thomas Lane posted $750,000.He was released from a Minneapolis county jail yesterday with conditions. Lane along with 3 other officers charged with aiding and abetting second- degree murder his next court appearance on June 29th.A prosecutor says remains found on the Idaho property of cult mom Lori Vallow's husband are her missing children. Chad Daybell is accused of hiding the bodies, he is behind bars on $1 million bail and it will be back in court July 1st.J. J. Vallow and Tylee Ryan had been missing since September. Police have not confirmed the identities of the remains. Martin Truex Jr., picking up first wins of the season. Bubba Wallace coming in 11th place, driving the black lives matter car, Wallace is the first African-American driver on NASCAR's top circuit in more than 45 years.Last night's race comes as NASCAR vows to ban the confederate flag from its venues. Well, we've got a sharp selloff underway. Futures indicating a decline of better than 400 points right out of the gate after the Federal Reserve said that it expects to keep interest rates near zero through 2022.The Central Bank also predicting GDP will contract 6.5 percent this year. It sees unemployment reaching 9.3 percent as well, it comes in amid growing fears of a second Coronavirus wave as some states see a jump in confirmed cases after the reopening and it is also leaving investors skeptical of quick economic recovery that's why we see this market tumbling this morning.Joining me right now is Federated Hermes Chief Investment Officer, Stephen Auth, along with Fox Business's Dagen McDowell Strategic Wealth Partners President and CEO Mark Tepper and Washington Examiner Columnist Republican Pollster Kristen Soltis Anderson. Great to see everybody this morning, thank you so much for joining us.And Stephen, let me kick it off with you, your reaction in the Federal Reserve? What was most important that you heard yesterday?STEPHEN AUTH, FEDERATED HERMES CIO: Probably positive, Maria. We agree with them that that it's going to be a U-shaped recovery which is why we have been scaling back a little bit on over weight in equities, we are still overweight though because we think you know 12 to 24 months from now the markets going to be substantially higher.But we've come a long way fast. There's a lot of chopping of wood ahead here, the process has created destruction that's not going to not make a perfect recovery but we think net-net we are probably moving forward.So I like the fact that the fed remains vigilant. It's like when we invest in companies, I like management teams that are worried. I would rather have one that's worried than overly optimistic.BARTIROMO: Well, it was really no surprise that Federal Reserve said that interest rates are going to stay low for a couple of years. We were talking about 2023 on this program which is what Cornerstone Macro has been saying. But are there negative impacts from rates where they are right now? Is that something that markets are unnerved by?AUTH: I don't think, Maria, as long as we don't go negative rates. It doesn't seem like the Fed is inclined could do that. In fact, the easier they are near term, at least likely that is. So negative rates I think would be very negative as it has been in Europe and Japan but he didn't talk about that at all.What was different about yesterday, Maria is that, he did actually state that guidance and you're right, I think most market participants, at least we have been thinking as well that and you have on your show, that you know, they're unlikely to raise rates soon. So it is in a way not a surprise but it was a debate within the community whether they would actually begin restating guidance like which he did yesterday.BARTIROMO: All right, so then that was one of the changes. Mark Tepper, jump in here?MARK TEPPER, STRATEGIC WEALTH PARTNERS, PRESIDENT & CEO: Yes, so the Fed, I mean, look the Fed is going to stay accommodative for a long time. There is no inflation it looks like they are actually trying to fight deflation. So they're going to be there to really backstop the economy and the market.When you look at the stock market I mean, the stock market needed a breather anyway. It was at its most over bought level in 30 years. You have seen lager begin to play catch-up now over the last 3, 4, 5 days they have been the worst performers.And look, this really shouldn't come as a surprise to most people. It's going to take a while for the economy to get back a whole, and when I say whole I mean where we were in 2019. If you thought it was going to happen this year you were overly optimistic.If you thought it was going to happen next year, I think that's overly optimistic I think it's going to take to till 2022 for earnings on the S&P 500 to get back to where they need to be.BARTIROMO: Yes, this is an important point that you're making, Mark and what about that Stephen, because as valuations have continued to creep up no sign of retreat for the NASDAQ. We had another record high yesterday. NASDAQ finished above 10,000 yesterday for the first time ever driven by technology stocks like Apple, Amazon and Microsoft they all closed at new highs as well.Stephen, let's talk about valuations here and the issue that maybe we are seeing a pullback because of where we are in this market? We've had a melt- up even as things have been tough for the economy and with this pandemic.AUTH: That's true, Maria. We've been talking about this being on winners and losers game. I think people get that. If you look at just the average, you kind of miss what's going on underneath the cover.So some of these big companies that you're mentioning, they have been growing their earnings and revenues through this pandemic and are - in a way their competitive position has been enhanced by Corona and post Corona world that we are now entering and they're not cheap.They moved a long way, we get that. So we are maintaining our core positions there, but no I wouldn't be adding to them right here. They have certainly are good for some consolidation. The thing that's more interesting to us in the market right now is to play in those survivors.You know the ones that are going to make it through but there's a lot here because as you say matter of when this economy gets back to trend earnings, we've got it fourth quarter of 2021 which may be more optimistic than some, but it's not today, that's for sure.BARTIROMO: So - so real quick on the last quick, Stephen, let me ask you about this new spike we are seeing. I was on the phone with somebody yesterday in Washington. And he said look we've got to wait now for 2 weeks.We have got to see if all of that rioting and the looting and even peaceful protestors standing next to each other all across the country this last week is going to mean a spike in cases. So we'll watch this over the next 2 weeks.So we are not even at that two week intubation period yet and we're seeing spikes with this reopening across the country. Are you worried about things taking a step backwards?AUTH: Well, look I think we have got to expect there's going to be a spike. It is not just a demonstration you know Americans have been out and about the last several weeks really a lot of states so we are going to see a spike.We are going to see a rising trend. I think what's making people comfortable is there are sort of a mosaic of solutions coming into place here that seem to lessen the risk that if I get this thing I'm - heading to the emergency room.So those things together, the treatment protocols, the vaccine on the way, the better distancing, we will see, but it's certainly another reason to be a little bit cautious here near term because we are certainly going to see a spike as - as people get out and about.BARTIROMO: All right, we're going to be talking about that in the next segment with the Chief Scientists at J&J. Stephen, great to see you this morning, thank you sir. You have been bullish and you have been right.AUTH: Thank you Maria.BARTIROMO: We will keep following your leadership, Stephen Auth joining us there from Federated. We are just getting started this morning; we've got a lot to come. Coming up next Johnson & Johnson's Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Paul Stoffels is with on new efforts for COVID-19 vaccine trial.And then next hour Georgia Senator Kelly Loeffler joining me talking about the economy and Georgia's reopening? Former Federal Prosecutor Andy McCarthy is here on the outside attorney who says the charges against General Michael Flynn should not be dropped.And Alexandria Real Estate Founder Joel Marcus is here on the state of commercial real estate. You don't want to miss that with a lot of changes coming up. In the 8:00 am hour this morning don't miss Chairman of IAC & Expedia Barry Diller is here talking all things economy and digital plus the state of the travel industry.And first on Fox Interview Former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is joined by Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong to talk Reed's cancer cure which used a new experimental drug, don't miss a moment of it we've got a big show coming up right here.Quick break and then next jobs in America, the country seeing a rise in Cybersecurity professionals if you work from home, plus work it out dance style, meet the YouTube Influencer using dance routines to keep fans in shape. You have got to love that. Stay with us.BARTIROMO: Welcome back, the race for Coronavirus vaccine, Johnson & Johnson moving up human trial for its COVID-19 vaccine to July, that's two months ahead of schedule if the vaccine is successful; Johnson & Johnson plans to produce 600 to 900 million doses by next April and up to 1 billion throughout 2021.Joining me right now Johnson & Johnson's Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Paul Stoffels and Dr. Stoffels it is great to have you this morning. Thank you very much for joining us, can you give us a status check on where you are in terms of those trials for a vaccine?DR. PAUL STOFFELS, JOHNSON & JOHNSON EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN: Yes, we announced yesterday that we would be able to accelerate trials, phase 1 studies to start somewhere mid-July, that's to do with the fact we had better outcome in pre-clinical studies, but also we were able to accelerate the availability of clinical product to start studies so that is now by the second half of July we should be going on clinical trials.BARTIROMO: That is just wonderful news, sir. If the vaccine is successful there may be some struggle getting enough doses, right convincing people to take it. There was a poll released yesterday by Fairly Dickens University assuring more than a third of U.S. adults would likely not take the vaccine if available.Dr. Stoffels, how does Johnson & Johnson plan to get the vaccines to as many people as possible and tell me about distribution? Do you need to scale up distribution in order to get the vaccine widely available?DR. STOFFELS: We are scaling up already now. We're activating many more manufacturing plants all over the world in order to reach next year up to a billion vaccines which we can produce and then even later on, many more serving the entire world so that might be in the billions.And by the way we have large distribution system in the world as J&J. We're almost in every country in the world so we can bring the product to every part of the world. But then, of course, its collaborating with the healthcare system in each of the countries and specially also in the U.S. on making sure that the vaccine reaches every corner, every pharmacy, every vaccination site in order to make sure people can get access to it and that will take large effort and collaboration with the healthcare system.BARTIROMO: Tell me about the vaccine because your vaccine platform has been used to develop candidates for Ebola, HIV, Zika, the platform allows vaccines to be shipped and stored at temperatures that the U.S. and global supply chain can handle. What else can you tell us about the vaccine for COVID?DR. STOFFELS: The vaccine for COVID now has been extensive studied in animals and we have seen very good immune response in animals. We have seen that several times where like you said the different vaccines we have developed we go from lab to animals and animals to humans.It was very predictive that what we did in animals was predicted for humans. So we have a high likelihood that we can come up with a vaccine. The question is clinical trials have to show whether it's protective or infection and disease as well as safe?We have vaccinated so far 65,000 people in all the studies with all of the vaccines and the vector, the vaccine has shown to be safe. So we are confident that we can get the safe vaccine efficacy still needs to be proven.BARTIROMO: What are your thoughts now about this reopening of the economy having produced spikes in certain corners of the country? We thought we were on the way down but now we are seeing spikes across the country. Does this concern you Dr. Stoffels?DR. STOFFELS: Well, it concerns me the number of people who are antibody positive is quite low. We have expected that many more people would have gone through this so there is still a significant risk for large part of the population.And but therefore, I think people have to keep discipline in how they go out? And how they meet with friends and meet in restaurants? Discipline is the message here, on how to behave in this new post COVID period to avoid that there's a new pandemic or new significant and such?BARTIROMO: All right. And real quick Dr. Stoffels, where will you be manufacturing this vaccine?DR. STOFFELS: We are manufacturing in the U.S., in Holland at the moment in Europe, but also we're going to have manufacturing plants in Asia so we will spread manufacturing to all of the regions where the vaccine will be needed.BARTIROMO: Terrific, great news, we love having you this morning, we will keep watching the development, thank you, sir.DR. STOFFELS: My pleasure.BARTIROMO: Dr. Paul Stoffels joining us this morning, Chief Scientist at Johnson & Johnson. Quick break and then going back to the happiest place on earth, Disney Land's reopening plans and when you can actually visit? That is coming up right next and stay with us.BARTIROMO: Welcome back, NASCAR announcing it is banning the confederate flag at racing events. Confederate flags had been common sight at NASCAR. NASCAR says in a statement the presence of the confederate flag in NASCAR events runs contrary to our commitment to providing a welcoming and inclusive environment for all fans our competitors and our industry this coming amid protests across the country right now following the death of George Floyd, Dagen McDowell your reaction?DAGEN MCDOWELL, FOX BUSINESS: Good, I'm glad NASCAR banned the flag. NASCAR started it and discouraging people from bringing the confederate flag to races roughly five years ago, but this flag is merely a symbol of a war lost thankfully to get confederacy. ESPN Writer O'Brien MaGee said it better than I can. He wrote this.So, yes, spare me the arguments about what the flag really means, I know exactly what it means, it means pain, it means anguish it means embarrassment it means the most shameful blight on the pages of the history of the United States and that's no small achievement.In the years and decades after the Civil War this flag became the banner of hate groups. This is a flag for museums it is a flag for history books it's a flag in a period in our history, horrific period to be studied.But if some racing fans enjoyment of NASCAR and their enjoyment of a race is somehow tethered to flying this flag, then you were never a racing fan to begin with this only opens the door to more fans and people who can look at the sport and not be offended by what they see in high def on television and when they go racetrack.BARTIROMO: I'm glad you said it's to be studied because lawmakers are also speaking over confederate symbols, statutes. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is calling for removal of 11 statutes with ties of confederacy inside the United States Capitol Building.Now President Trump says that he will not consider renaming military bases after Defense Secretary Mark Esper had expressed openness to renaming bases named after confederate officers. There are 10 U.S. military bases named after confederated officials.So Kristin, what do you think about this? I mean, I was unnerved a year ago when they wanted to knock down Christopher Columbus statutes. There is something to be said about looking at our background, our history and seeing where we came? How much progress this country has made?You know, I wouldn't want to take World War II out of the history books. I mean, I want our younger generations to understand where we came and - and how our men and women looked evil in the eye in 1945, but what are your thoughts on this?KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON, WASHINGTON EXAMINER COLUMNIST: I think there's a difference between remembering and honoring someone. And so you can remember your history as Dagen said, put it in a museum and make sure it is in the history book. Make sure that our children are learning about it.But that's different than a place of honor like the make sake for one of them - our biggest military bases as you have in Fort Bragg. So I think that's the difference. Can we remember our history without honoring those who rebelled against our country and did terrible things? There has to be a way that we can do both.BARTIROMO: That's right, I agree. Quick break and then taking a bite out of the food delivery business, big deal announced today, we will tell you about the multimillion dollar Grubhub deal coming up. And then work it out dance style; meet the YouTube influencer whose business uses dancing to shed the pounds. That's coming up.MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX BUSINESS HOST, MORNINGS WITH MARIA: Welcome back. Good Thursday morning everybody. Thanks so much for joining us. I'm Maria Bartiromo and it is Thursday, June 11th. Your top stories right now, 6:31 a.m. on the East coast.Markets are under pressure this morning. We have a sell off under way. Concerns over a coronavirus spike and a slow recovery weighing on investors this morning. Futures indicating a sell off of 500 points right out of the gate. The S&P is down 48 and the NASDAQ down 115. The DOW right now down 505 points on top of a mixed session yesterday. It was all about the Federal Reserve, although let me show you technology stocks were really the standout. The NASDAQ closing above 10,000, that was a new record high. Up 66 points on the NASDAQ, but the Dow was down 282 and the S&P was down 17 after the Federal Reserve spoke yesterday, which we've got the detail.European markets this morning are also selling off. FT100's down 121. Quatre Quarante in Paris is down 107 and the DAX Index in Germany lower by 258 points right now.In Asia overnight, red across the board following the Federal Reserve's warning on the economic recovery that it will be a slow and long slog. The major indices down, as you see. Worse performer was Japan, down almost three percent on the Nekkei Average.Oil prices are also sliding along with stocks this morning. Good indicator of demand. The price of oil now down about three percent. $1.11 lower at $38.49.Well, there is a major deal in the food delivery business. Cheryl Casone with those details right now. Cheryl.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah Maria, good morning, and for many people food delivery a real lifeline this year. Grubhub is being acquired by Europe's Just Eat Takeaway.com. This is a $7.3 billion dollar all stock transaction that's going to create the world's largest food delivery company outside of China. Grubhub's proposed deal with Uber, we should mention, collapsed earlier this week, due to potential regulator concerns. Investor are eating up shares of Grubhub, pun intended, the stock is up more than seven percent in the pre-market right now. We should add that shares of Uber fell on this news.Well, Ford is recalling more than two million vehicles nationwide due to potentially faulty door latches. The company says the vehicles may not have had their door latches either replaced or correctly replaced under a major recall that occurred back in 2015 and 2016. It could be a danger to drivers if this doesn't get fixed. The door could unlatch while driving folks. That stock is up more than, well there's Grubhub, let's take a look at Ford if we can, so far there have been no reports of injuries. Again, maybe Ford, a stock to watch. There we go. In the premarket it's actually under pressure, down almost 3 1/4 percent, thanks guys.And here is a look at what is trending this morning on foxbusiness.com. Disneyland to open with coronavirus safety measure next month. The theme park is going to require guests to wear face masks, get their temperatures checked, and you wanted to book those tickets in advance. Parades and character meet and greet's are also going to be suspended due to social distancing. Again, though, get a reservation. Men's Wearhouse owner takes steps to stabilize the business. The company accessed $310 million from its credit facility. It reduced and deferred operating expenses, capital expenditures, inventory purchases and they reduced salaries for employees making $100,000 or more for now. The stock actually moved higher in extended trading. Then there's this one, Goldman Sachs outlines plans for US employees return to the office. An initial group will return to the companies New York, Jersey City, Dallas and Salt Lake City offices. That starts on June 22nd. Return to the office voluntary. Ineligible employees must complete a health questionnaire.Going into to work is going to look a lot different, Maria. And those are your headlines from the newsroom. Back to you.BARTIROMO: Alright, Cheryl. Thank you. Meanwhile, President Trump is traveling to Dallas later today. We will be covering that later. The President expected to talk about police reform and race relations, ahead of a dinner fundraiser. The Trump administration reportedly weighing options, including an executive order to address police abuse in the aftermath of George Floyds death. South Carolina Republican Senator Tim Scott is pushing back on critics, saying that he is being used by the GOP to draft its police reform bill. Republicans are trying to counter Democratic proposals launched in the House earlier this week. And joining me right now to talk about all of that is founding partner of Northern Starr Strategies, Democratic Strategist, and the Host of The Starr Report Podcast, Michael Starr Hopkins is here, and Republican strategist, trial attorney, Jonathan Madison. Great to see everybody this morning. Thank you so much joining us. So, Jonathan first your reaction to what is taking place and how Senator Tim Scott has been chosen to lead this effort to come up with reform ideas.JONATHAN MADISON, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST, TRIAL ATTORNEY: Yeah, as Mitch McConnell said, you know, Tim Scott, as an African American, understands some of the challenges that are out there, particularly with regard to police reforms that are actually needed. And Senator Scott has said on numerous times he's actually had encounters with police that were actually very aggressive. He understands from a personal level on how to actually deal with some of these issues. I'm very very interested and intrigued to hear how he actually approaches these issues. I think it's going to take a collective effort from the Senate and the House, but particularly Senate Democrats and Senate Republicans need to stop this political bickering, stop towing the line and come together to do something important.BARTIROMO: Michael, what's most important here?MICHAEL STARR HOPKINS, FOUNDING PARTNER, NORTHER STARR STRATEGIES AND HOST, THE STARR REPORT: I think the first step is making sure that we end qualified immunities. But I think one thing that's not being talked about enough is we need to restore the voting rights act. Because, if you can't vote, then you don't have your full citizenship. And so, I think one of the things that we're going to see pick up steam is, especially in the wake of what happened in Georgia a couple days ago, is a push to make sure that we're protecting people's right to vote.BARTIROMO: Yeah, I mean, how has the administration handled this so far in your view Michael?HOPKINS: You know, I think the administration has been tone deaf in the last week and a half, ten days. You know, we saw the President come out at the beginning of the George Floyd incident and talk about what a tragedy it was, and then the tone shifted. The more we saw protesters in the street, the louder crowds got, the more reticent the administration got, and the more threats we saw in terms of dominate them, or, you know, the incident we saw in Lafayette Park. So, I think that the administration needs to talk to African American leaders and needs to talk to law enforcement and bring the collective country together so that we can solve this. Because it's not going away.BARTIROMO: And Jonathan, it was a response to what took place on the ground, which was not just peaceful protestors, but looters and rioters trying to flair things up.MADISON: Absolutely. I think what we can't miss here is the movement is something we need, right. The looting is something we don't, right. So, very important to keep perspective here. We need this movement, it's an amazing time in our nation to move the dial forward. We need important police reforms, which are happening as a result of this movement. We need to ban choke holds, we need to ban aggressive use, abuse of power by police officers, tasked with protecting us. What we don't need, Maria, we don't need to defund police departments. That's where I draw the line. And to that extent, I'd hope that we can come together and agree with that, agree on that.BARTIROMO: Yeah. And--HOPKINS: Yeah, I've got to say, actually I--BARTIROMO: And, what are you going to do? Yeah, go ahead.HOPKINS: Yeah, the idea that we're going to defund police, I think has been bad messaging on the part of the some of the activists, because that's not actually (INAUDIBLE). What they mean is we need to reallocate funds, so you don't have cities with police budgets that are 50 plus, 60 percent of their budgets. What we need to do is take a lot of those funds and reinvest them in education, in healthcare's, in social work, rather than having a bloated police budget, where we have militarized local police that don't fit the actual need for what that city is dealing with. In those terms I do agree with defunding the police.BARTIROMO: Will they have the resources to continue to make sure that the rule of law is followed if you get broken into, who are you going to call?HOPKINS: Absolutely, look, I had a home invasion when I was in college, and I called the police because that's who you call, but police shouldn't be responding to homelessness.BARTIROMO: Of course.HOPKINS: Police shouldn't be responding to people having mental breakdowns. That's not what their function.BARTIROMO: What do you guys think about Mitt Romney's thoughts on the November election? The Utah Republican and pretty often critic of the President predicted that President Trump will win re-election this Fall, and he predicted that the GOP will retain control of the Senate. The lawmaker spoke to reporters after a Republican Senate luncheon yesterday and said all of this. Your reaction, Jonathan.MADISON: So, I'm inclined to agree with Mitt Romney here. He has no incentive to make up numbers here in his head. He has a terrible relationship with the President as we all know, and I'm inclined to agree that the Presidential election is going to mirror the Senate election. So, to the extent that Trump wins and succeeds. You're also going to see the same wave in the Republicans, Senate Republicans.BARTIROMO: Yeah.MADISON: I do just have to respond to something that Michael just said.BARTIROMO: Yeah, go ahead. Sure, sure go ahead.MADISON: Who are you going to call, you know, Michael, who are you going to call if, you know, someone who is a victim of domestic violence, a young lady perhaps, calls the police and the dispatcher says, hey I'm sorry, we actually don't have anyone on staff right now due to budget cuts. But don't worry, we've actually allocated funds to your local education and health agencies. Stand by, everything's going to be okay. You can't say that. We need actual, we don't need to defund police departments. We don't need to make those cuts. And if there's any reinvestment in those funds, perhaps it should be to allocate it to police mental health and awareness, trainings programs. But I think its illogical to say defund the police.BARTIROMO: Certainly, we need resources there. Yeah.MADISON: Right. Sorry Maria.BARTIROMO: Michael. Final word here, go ahead.HOPKINS: Yeah, I'll just say Republican's never have any problems talking about defunding healthcare, defunding social programs to help poor people. And so, when we talk about defunding police.BARTIROMO: Well, I don't know if that's true. No one's talking defunding healthcare.HOPKINS: Those are conversations about budget. Defunding Obamacare is something that's a very--BARTIROMO: I don't know if that's true. Yeah, the Republican, the Republican plan is smaller government, not, so that it's not the government controlled healthcare. Not defunding healthcare. But, so that it's the private sector healthcare. But go ahead Michael.HOPKINS: Defunding things like Planned Parenthood is a often talking point of Republicans, and so we understand how--MADISON: We're not talking about that Michael.HOPKINS: But what we don't understand is how to take a holistic approach and actually solve programs. The big issue right now is the over politicization of these issues. We know how to solve them. Now we've just got to come together and figure out how we're going to do it together.BARTIROMO: Yes, we do. Alright, Michael Starr Hopkins, Jonathan Madison, thank you so much gentlemen. Great conversation.MADISON: Thank you.BARTIROMO: We will see you soon. Stay with us. A lot to come right here. Markets down 500 points. We'll be right back.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Well the number of American's working from home nearly tripled since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. Take a look at these numbers in a new survey from Creditcards.com. shows an overwhelming majority hope to continue working from home. The survey finding 82 percent would like to keep working remotely at least two days a week and 35 percent wanting to work from full time. Joining me right is creditcards.com industry analyst Ted Rossman, and Ted it's great to have you this morning. What do think is behind these numbers? And does it continue?TED ROSSMAN, INDUSTRY ANALYST, CREDICARDS.COM: I think people are really loving the fact that they can just roll out of bed, get downstairs, and be at work. I mean they're saving a ton of time on their commute. They're getting more time with their families. I was really surprised that people working from home, on average, are spending a little bit more, but their fine with it. They love this new lifestyle.BARTIROMO: You also see more companies trying to accommodate people who are looking at life differently after this pandemic.ROSSMAN: I think flexibility is really key. And I think there's really legs to this trend. It's going to have ripple effects on employers, employees, even the broader real estate markets, both commercial and residential. I'm hearing a lot of demand from realtors further away from city centers. In some cases, quite far, because if you only have to get to the office occasionally, you might (INAUDIBLE) move much further out, have your dollar stretch a lot further than you did before.BARTIROMO: Yeah, and people want to drive to work. They want to be able to control their own fate in terms of their commute, rather than taking a train. What other trends are you seeing right now?ROSSMAN: I think that part is true. I think that might be more short term. I think what will last long term is this information economy. We've already seen leading companies like Facebook, for example, saying that about half of their workforce could be working remotely within three years. Others like Twitter, Google, Square, they're also really going into work from home. It's something that people really like, and I think employers are increasingly getting on board. They see that it could save them money.BARTIROMO: That's right.ROSSMAN: In terms of office space. And people are still productive.BARTIROMO: Yeah, and even in some cases more productive. They're also spending more money. This survey is also finding that people are spending more money on groceries and on utilities while saving on childcare and gasoline while working from home.ROSSMAN: I was surprised that the savings were so minimal. It was really only about 30 bucks a month in some of these categories, like restaurants, gas, public transit, childcare. I thought people would have been saving more in those areas. They're spending a lot on things like groceries and utilities. Groceries, you know, some of it's that you're home, you're eating more at home. I think some of it was (INAUDIBLE) is more temporary. Utilities, that makes sense too. You're running more lights, and A/C, and appliances.BARTIROMO: Sure, makes sense. Ted, it's great to get your insights on this. Thanks so much. Ted Rossman.ROSSMAN: Thanks for having me.BARTIROMO: Giving us insight there on all of trends while we are shut at home in shelter home mode. Coming up, we have marked five years, here on Mornings with Maria. The anniversary of our five year's was last week. We're going take a look at the show's greatest hits, when we come back.DAGEN MCDOWELL, FOX BUSINESS CONTRIBUTOR: Mornings with Maria celebrating five years on the air last week. It is impossible to wrap your head around the places Maria Bartiromo's been. All the stories she has broken, she has covered. This will give you a little taste. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Good morning, I'm Maria Bartiromo, welcome to Mornings with Maria, our debut show at 6 a.m. on the Fox Business network.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: This is history being made right here today. We're going to be talking about this for many many years.BARTIROMO: Have you spoken to Xi Jingping?DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I have a very good relationship, but I just, right now I don't want to speak to him.BARTIROMO: Europe is pushing back on this idea that President Trump, and your administration want to ban or potentially stop, slow the use of Huawei technology. Is that what you found in Europe?MIKE POMPEO, SECRETARY OF STATE: If a country adopts this and puts it in some of their critical information systems, we won't be able to share information with them. We won't be able to work alongside them.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And you know that.BARTIROMO: Woah woah, all equipment has vulnerability? All equipment does not have back doors to the Chinese Communist Government.BARTIROMO: Hi everybody, I'm Maria Bartiromo. We are, this morning, once again, coming to you live from the World Economic Forum, in Davos, Switzerland.BARTIROMO: Wow, gorgeous, look at this.BARTIROMO: Well, Happy Halloween everybody. We are doing the big business of Halloween, and it is not just for people you know.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Aw it's nice. Look at that.BARTIROMO: So, yeah, you've got, I like this nose here. Look at you.BARTIROMO: One of the famous gloves worn by the king of pop, Michael Jackson. This particular item has never been on the auction block. Is that right? Tell me about the glove.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: That is correct. There has been a lot of gloves on the auction block, but this particular one was actually in a storage unit that no one knew about for, I mean it was over a decade and a half.(SINGING)BARTIROMO: Today is a very special day for me. It is one year since I brought Dusty home into my life.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCDOWELL: You not only have a giant brain, Maria Bartiromo, one for business and everything else, but you have a huge heart. So, I love seeing you with Dusty. But, again, a couple of, I would say, the hallmarks of what you've done here, are your coverage and you identified the Russia collusion hoax and also China and our relationship with China and what has really been going on, leading up to the pandemic.BARTIROMO: Yeah, I have been so honored to sit next to you every day for five years, Dagen. You have just brought an incredible, no I mean it, I mean, you come every morning, and you are ready to talk about the most important subject of the day. So well read. And I want thank our audience right now, for being so incredible. And to just help us lead to the truth, and make sure seeking out the truth. A big thank you to our producers, copy editors, directors, stage managers, make up, everybody here. It's a full team effort. We are so honored to say thank you to our audience for making us number one. It's been an incredible five years. Congratulations to Mornings with Maria. And thank you to all.Still ahead, Tesla chief Elon Musk has a lot to say.Load-Date: June 11, 2020End of Document

The growth of Asian football, a realityCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 7, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 462 wordsBodyMadrid, 7 Jul (EFE).- The forum 'WFS Live', the world football summit held in Madrid, hosted a talk that discussed the current situation of Asian football and the challenges facing it in the future following the health crisis caused by coronavirus.The event was attended by Dato' Windsor John (general secretary of the Asian Football Confederation), Stuart Ramaligam (general secretary of the Malaysian football federation) and Ned Negus (EVP partnersips).All of them began by agreeing on the importance of rapid action in making decisions that helped preserve the health of footballers and fans following the outbreak of the pandemic.In the case of Windsor, he also highlighted the relevance of the social media campaigns as well as the union and collaboration with others to walk together in the same direction.For its part Ramaligam did not obviate the need to communicate the messages very carefully in an alarm situation such as that experienced and to do so in line with the global idea of alerting the population to the problem. He also acknowledged that significant economic losses are expected."No one was prepared for anything like this. We made the decision soon to cancel the league and postpone all football activities in the country. We made quick decisions to ensure the safety of fans and players," he said.As for the future of football on the continent, Negus said Asia has great potential: "We see sponsors trying to communicate with fans. We see international clubs coming here to build an amateur base.""We must find that all types of football live together productively. All fans in any market will say they prefer a local idol by progressing over seeing Ronaldo or Messi. It can co-exist," he said.He also spoke of Audiences Ramaligam, who wanted to deny that in his country the myth that European football is imposed by beating in number of spectators to the venue based on the figures that are handled there."In Malaysia, domestic consumption of local football is four times higher than the audience of the Premier League or another European match. The largest television audience of any content is a Malaysian national team match. I would discuss the fact that we all look at Europe," he said.Windsor also referred to the 2023 Asia Cup in China: "We all know that the Asia Cup is the crown jewel of Asian football and the Chinese Federation and Government expect it to be the best edition. The Asia Cup will leave a legacy, not only in China and Asia but in the whole world. Let's remember that we have increased the number of teams to give our members more possibilities.""Asia is the largest stadium in the world and that gives us tremendous potential. We work together to grow Asian football. Asia is definitely taking the right steps," he said.Load-Date: July 8, 2020End of Document

Midday ETF Update: US Stocks Expand Gains on Optimistic Economic RecoveryMT Newswires Live BriefsJune 3, 2020 Wednesday 1:31 PM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 712 wordsBody Broad Market IndicatorsBroad-market exchange-traded funds, including IWM and IVV, were higher. Actively-traded Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ) was up 0.03%.US stocks expanded early gains in midday trading on Wednesday, as optimism over the possibility of economic improvement as more cities re-open more than offset worries over US civil unrest, tensions with China and the COVID-19 pandemic.The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 413.68 points, or 1.61%, to 26,156.33. The S&P 500 was 35.56 points higher, or 1.15%, to 3,116.38, and the Nasdaq Composite gained 59.10 points, or 0.62%, to 9,667.47.The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes have risen for a fourth straight session, backing the broader uptrend since March. For the year, the Dow is now only down about 8%, the S&P 500 down only less than 4% while the Nasdaq is up almost 8%, in line with a rebound in global markets.Demonstrations over the killing of George Floyd have continued into an eighth night, with protesters defying curfews to take to the streets across the country while the National Guard troops have been called up in 29 states to provide security.Adding to recent US-China tensions, Reuters reported that the US government will bar Chinese passenger carriers from flying to the US starting June 16 as it pressures Beijing to allow US air carriers to resume their flights to the country.In economic data news, the Commerce Department showed that factory orders dropped 13% in April after falling 11% in March. But the labor market pointed to stabilization, with private payrolls estimates from ADP showing 2.76 million workers laid-off last month after a record 19.557 million in April.In May, PMI services index rose to 37.5 versus 26.7 last month, while ISM non-manufacturing index increased to 45.4 versus 41.8 in April.Power Play: TechnologyTechnology Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLK) was up 0.2%; iShares US Technology ETF (IYW) and iShares Expanded Tech Sector ETF (IGM) were higher.SPDR S&P Semiconductor (XSD) was up 2.4% while iShares PHLX Semiconductor (SOXX) was up 2.7%.Summit Wireless (WISA) shares were 28% higher Wednesday midday after the company said it has granted WiSA Ready Certification to all four 2020 8K televisions in the LG OLED ZX and NanoCell NANO 99 series.Winners and LosersFinancialFinancial Select Sector SPDR (XLF) was up 3.8%. Direxion Daily Financial Bull 3X shares (FAS) was up 8.9% and its bearish counterpart Direxion Daily Financial Bear 3X Shares (FAZ) was down 8.9%.Virtu Financial (VIRT) on Wednesday said it expects preliminary adjusted net trading income of between $425 million and $440 million for the two months ended May 31. Shares fell 2.6%.EnergyiShares US Energy ETF (IYE) was up 1.9% and Energy Select Sector SPDR (XLE) was up 1.9%.Total (TOT) was up 4% Wednesday amid a deal to acquire a 51% stake in Scottish offshore wind farm project Seagreen 1 from SSE Renewables for an upfront payment of GBP70 million ($88.1 million) and earn-outs up to GBP60 million based on certain performance conditions.CommoditiesCrude was down 0.3%; United States Oil Fund (USO) was down 0.2%. Natural gas was up 2% and the United States Natural Gas Fund (UNG) was up 1.9%.Gold was down 1.8%, and SPDR Gold Shares (GLD) was down 1.7%. Silver was up 1.8% and iShares Silver Trust (SLV) was down 1.8%.ConsumerConsumer Staples Select Sector SPDR (XLP) was up 0.5%; Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (VDC) and iShares Dow Jones US Consumer Goods (IYK) were higher.Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR (XLY) was up 1.6%; retail funds VanEck Vectors Retail ETF (RTH) and SPDR S&P Retail (XRT) were higher.Dunkin' Brands (DNKN) said Wednesday quarter-to-date comparable store sales for the week ended May 23 declined 23% for open stores, and a 15% decline during the week which is a "significant sequential improvement" from the 25% drop for the week ended April 25. Shares rose 2.8%.Health CareHealth Care Select Sector SPDR (XLV) fell 0.3% and other funds iShares US Healthcare (IYH) and Vanguard Health Care ETF (VHT) were in the red. Biotech ETF iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology ETF (IBB) was down 1.2%.Cellectar Biosciences (CLRB)  biopharmaceutical company has priced an underwritten public offering for gross proceeds of $20 million. Shares of Cellectar are down 20% in midday trading.Load-Date: June 3, 2020End of Document

LEADER MCCARTHY JOINS CNBC'S SQUAWK BOXStates News ServiceJuly 21, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 439 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy :On the Defend COVID Research from Hackers Act:"The Chinese Communist Government lied to us, and they lied to the world. This is why the ingenuity of America is going to solve this. We have such promising vaccines and therapeutics people are going to write books about the investments that we made and how we're going to do this earlier than anybody else."But now we have hackers from Russia, China, and others coming in trying to hack these companies, [and] that's actually going to slow this process down."That's why I introduced a new bill that actually puts sanctions on those individuals that try to hack it. Why wouldn't they want to work with us to solve a problem they created?"Here we are as America, the beauty of our nation as a whole, not only to solve this virus but to actually share it with the rest of the world [just] to have people trying to hack us? That is what is wrong...On the Next COVID-19 Relief Package:"I believe [the Payroll Tax Holiday] will stay in as one of the elements that we need to do. There is a large [list] of what we need liability protection, we need people going back to work... we know a lot of people are unemployed, how do we continue to deal with that?"We look at the question of not if, but how do we go back to school. We need to make sure it's safe for the students and the teachers. And that's what we're looking at for funding in those areas as well."We [also] have a lot of positives sitting out there we have money already appropriated, more than $100 billion for states. Can we change that and make it more flexible so that the states can use it for other items? Can we use more? We have about $100 billion left in the PPP program that was so successful."We're watching other states having to shut down again. So can we assist in those small businesses as well? This is just part of the process, so there will be debate. It's healthy debate with people having different ideas, and then make the very best ideas going into the bill that will become a law...On Democrats Still Not Coming to Work:"The first thing members of Congress should have to do is come to work. If you watched, we had a committee meeting last week where a Democrat was on a boat on the internet calling in his vote."If you're a Democrat, you don't [think you] have to come to Congress. You mail in your vote it's shadow voting and you still get paid..."I think any member that does not show up for work should take a pay cut. I don't think you should be paid for not working, I don't believe that's the American way."Load-Date: July 21, 2020End of Document

CASIC Accelerates to Empower New Infrastructure ConstructionPR NewswireJune 18, 2020 Thursday 4:42 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 525 wordsDateline: BEIJING, June 18, 2020 BodyPR NewswireThe 2020 International Conference on Industrial Internet was held on June 15 by virtue of cloud-based teleconferencing technology. Themed "New Era, New Infrastructure: Empowered, Convergence, Ecology", the event gathered over 100 guests from related Chinese ministries and commissions and local governments as well as Chinese and overseas higher education institutions, research institutes and industrial associations. A large number of global audience watched the event online.At the event, guests discussed online a series of topics, such as new insfrastructure's role in the development of industrial Internet, and development and application of modeling and simulation technologies for cloud manufacturing.Moreover, China's first standard for evaluation of occupational abilities of professionals in the industrial Internet sector was released. Meanwhile, China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation Limited (CASIC), the sponsor, unveiled its CASICloud New Infrastructure Platform Strategy.CASICloud, developed by CASIC, is China's first public service platform focusing on industrial Internet, especially on cloud manufacturing. As a state-level platform of its kind, it offers services to users in different industries and fields. For example, CASICloud has provided valuable data to help the country's central and local governments in making decisions and enterprises in resuming operations amid the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak.It is learnt that CASIC has set up 11 provincial- and city-level industrial Internet platforms to provide services for transformation and upgrading of local manufacturing enterprises. Additionally, it has teamed up with 30 central enterprises in building integrated industrial Internet platforms for the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic and matching of demand for and supply of anti-epidemic supplies.On the other hand, CASIC is highly motivated to support the Belt and Road Initiative. Its CASICloud International Cloud Platform offers a set of services designed to facilitate cooperation between the platform users in the countries and regions involved in the initiative in science and technology innovation, cross-border business services and international talent exchange.CASIC disclosed that it plans to provide more services in the future to give more enterprises a leg up in seeking better development relying on industrial Internet technologies, and will give full play to its advantages in large system engineering and information integration and management to help promote modernization and improvement of the country's governance system.The event also incorporated an online exhibition which showcased CASICloud's achievements in supporting the building of a digital society.Photo -https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1192983/CASICloud_ICII.jpgPhoto -           https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1192984/CASICloud_Home_page.jpgContact: Chen ShuoTel: +86-10-81135810, 13601110701Email:chenshuo@casicloud.cn View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/casic-accelerates-to-empower-new-infrastructure-construction-301079362.htmlSOURCE CASICloudLoad-Date: June 18, 2020End of Document

Economy/Business.- TikTok to create 10,000 jobs in the US in three yearsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 22, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 222 wordsBodyNEW YORK, 22 (EUROPA PRESS)TikTok, the social network of music microvideos owned by the Chinese company ByteDance Technology, has set itself the goal of creating around 10,000 new jobs in the United States over the next three years."In 2020, TikTok tripled the number of employees working in the US and we plan to create another 10,000 jobs there over the next three years," Europa Press told a spokesman for the company."These are well-paid jobs that will help us continue to create a safe and fun experience and protect the privacy of our community," he added.So far this year, the number of TikTok employees in the US has risen to around 1,400 workers since the fewer than 50 to the early 2020s.The Chinese company's announcement comes days after US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo stated in an interview with 'Fox News' that the US government is considering banning Chinese social media applications, including TikTok, and warning Americans to be careful when using TikTok, as, according to Pompeo, their private information could be "in the hands of the Chinese Communist Party."On 29 June, the Government of India announced a ban on more than 50 applications from China, including TikTok, considering them related to activities detrimental to India's sovereignty and integrity, its defense, and state security and public order.Load-Date: July 23, 2020End of Document

USA.- TikTok to create 10,000 jobs in the US in three yearsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 22, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 222 wordsBodyNEW YORK, 22 (EUROPA PRESS)TikTok, the social network of music microvideos owned by the Chinese company ByteDance Technology, has set itself the goal of creating around 10,000 new jobs in the United States over the next three years."In 2020, TikTok tripled the number of employees working in the US and we plan to create another 10,000 jobs there over the next three years," Europa Press told a spokesman for the company."These are well-paid jobs that will help us continue to create a safe and fun experience and protect the privacy of our community," he added.So far this year, the number of TikTok employees in the US has risen to around 1,400 workers since the fewer than 50 to the early 2020s.The Chinese company's announcement comes days after US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo stated in an interview with 'Fox News' that the US government is considering banning Chinese social media applications, including TikTok, and warning Americans to be careful when using TikTok, as, according to Pompeo, their private information could be "in the hands of the Chinese Communist Party."On 29 June, the Government of India announced a ban on more than 50 applications from China, including TikTok, considering them related to activities detrimental to India's sovereignty and integrity, its defense, and state security and public order.Load-Date: July 23, 2020End of Document

US investors intend to take control of TikTok, according to 'FT'CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 23, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 270 wordsBodyLONDON, 23 (EUROPA PRESS)A group of AMERICAN technology investors, led by General Atlantic and Sequoia Capital, prepares a plan to acquire the social network of music microvideos TikTok, owned by the Chinese company ByteDance and currently under the White House magnifying glass, which has threatened to veto Chinese social media applications, according to the journal 'Financial Times'.Investors would have held talks with the U.S. Treasury and other U.S. regulators to see if the acquisition of TikTok and its segregation from its Chinese parent company would resolve the Administration's security concerns, as indicated by knowledgeable sources.Following the transaction, ByteDance would retain a minority stake in the international business, but without voting rights, added a source involved in the talks. "It's the only viable plan," he added.US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo recently stated in an interview with 'Fox News' that the U.S. government is considering banning Chinese social media applications, including TikTok.Indeed, on 29 June, the Government of India announced a ban on more than 50 applications from China, including TikTok, considering them related to activities detrimental to India's sovereignty and integrity, its defense, and state security and public order.For its part, TikTok announced on Wednesday that the goal of creating around 10,000 new jobs in the United States has been set for over the next three years. "In 2020, TikTok tripled the number of employees working in the United States and we plan to create another 10,000 jobs there over the next three years," said a company spokesman.Load-Date: July 24, 2020End of Document

US investors seek to take control of TikTok, according to Financial TimesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJuly 23, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 270 wordsBodyLONDON, 23 (EUROPA PRESS)A group of AMERICAN technology investors, led by General Atlantic and Sequoia Capital, prepares a plan to acquire the social network of music microvideos TikTok, owned by the Chinese company ByteDance and currently under the White House magnifying glass, which has threatened to veto Chinese social media applications, according to the journal 'Financial Times'.Investors would have held talks with the U.S. Treasury and other U.S. regulators to see if the acquisition of TikTok and its segregation from its Chinese parent company would resolve the Administration's security concerns, as indicated by knowledgeable sources.Following the transaction, ByteDance would retain a minority stake in the international business, but without voting rights, added a source involved in the talks. "It's the only viable plan," he added.US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo recently stated in an interview with 'Fox News' that the U.S. government is considering banning Chinese social media applications, including TikTok.Indeed, on 29 June, the Government of India announced a ban on more than 50 applications from China, including TikTok, considering them related to activities detrimental to India's sovereignty and integrity, its defense, and state security and public order.For its part, TikTok announced on Wednesday that the goal of creating around 10,000 new jobs in the United States has been set for over the next three years. "In 2020, TikTok tripled the number of employees working in the United States and we plan to create another 10,000 jobs there over the next three years," said a company spokesman.Load-Date: July 24, 2020End of Document

Denso CASE (Connectivity, Automation, Sharing and Electrification) Research Report, 2020; As one of the top three Tier1 suppliers in the world, Denso makes adjustments and deployments during the automotive industry disruption. Sorting out Denso's existing product lines, up to 200-plus varieties are found, including virtually 70 for CASE (connectivity, automation, sharing and electrification).GlobeNewswireJuly 8, 2020 Wednesday 1:19 AM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MARKET RESEARCH REPORTSLength: 812 wordsBodyNew York, July  08, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report "Denso CASE (Connectivity, Automation, Sharing and Electrification) Research Report, 2020" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p05919254/?utm_source=GNW   The number of auto parts will decrease in the trend towards CASE. In a recent opinion, automotive hardware will be standardized and contribute declining revenue and profits, and future competition lies in the ability to develop software-defined vehicles. Emerging carmakers have late-mover advantages with more software talents.Another view is that Tier1 suppliers will be marginalized by OEMs (e.g., Tesla and VW) who try to lead research and development of operating system, DCU (or vehicle central computer) and core software and hardware systems. It can be seen from Denso's CASE layout that the supplier not only makes deployments in all aspects of hardware but spends on software not less than IT-backed firms. Denso's Investment in HardwareThe US government's crackdown on Chinese high-tech companies shows that just developing software and applications at the upper layer is not enough, and holding basic materials, core components and basic software is the only way to be free of others.Denso lavishes heavily on core fundamental technologies, including magnetic materials, power semiconductors, solid-state batteries, magnetic heat pumps, human-computer interaction, AI, sensors, and quantum computing. In 2018, Denso invested FLOSFIA and collaborated with the latter on developing a next-generation power semiconductor material (?-Ga2O3) for vehicle application. Schottky Barrier Diode (SBD), Flosfia's ?- Ga2O3 material, can work under 600V and 10A, with rated power of 100W-1kW, outperforming SiC products in both efficiency and cost. SBD is expected to be spawned in 2020. Theoretically, SBD material is seven times more efficient than GaN in low frequency and doubles GaN in high frequency or more. Denso has been devoted to researching automotive semiconductor technology since its IC Laboratory was set up in 1968, having made improvements in ECU, sensor and other products. In September 2017, Denso founded a subsidiary -- NSITEXE, a developer of next-generation high-performance semiconductors. DFP (data flow processor) independently developed by NSITEXE, differs totally from CPU and GPU. For practical use of DFP, Denso and NSITEXE then invested Blaize and quadric.io, two semiconductor start-ups. Blaize, founded by former workers at Intel in 2012, builds software and process architectures from the underlying layer for better AI computing. NSITEXE helps to develop an autonomous driving technology which makes instant judgment in extreme scenarios, by combining DFP and EPU from quadric.io.Leading Tier1 suppliers from Japan and Germany often adopt IDM model and have their own chip fabrication plants, compared with IC designers focusing on prevailing FABLESS model in China. Denso Hokkaido is Denso's key manufacturing site of semiconductor sensors. To meet the robust demand from electrification and autonomous driving markets, Denso plans expansion of its Hokkaido plant. The expansion project will break ground in July 2020 and be completed in June 2021. The number of employees will expectedly rise to about 1,150 in 2025.   Denso's Investment in SoftwareIn 2025, Denso will boast 12,000 software talents worldwide; it will have more than 1,000 staffs and over 1,100 patents in autonomous driving field. In addition to workforce enlargement for independent development, Denso also invests quite a few software firms. Denso's Big Competitive Edges in an Age of CASE From Denso's alliance, acquisitions and investment map as below as well as the Abstract of this report, it can be seen that Denso is sinking to research and development of core technologies and parts. Tier1 suppliers once gave an impression that they were suppliers of integrated systems for OEMs. As OEMs more set foot in system integration, Denso has turned to research and development of more basic core technologies. Weighed by new entrants from all walks of life, Denso still stays competitive on the strength of its across-the-board product matrices, economies of scale, and software and hardware synergy. For example, Denso's cockpit systems integrated with HMI and air-conditioning technologies will offer better user experience. This is an impossibility for the majority of companies who fail as well in high integration at the underlying layer.Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05919254/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001Load-Date: July 8, 2020End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 8 of 59Huawei, its exit from the 5G project in the UK and the fear of cyber espionage  Page 10 of 59Amazon prohibits its employees from using TikTok for security reasons  Page  of Amazon prohibits its employees from using TikTok for security reasons  Page 14 of 59Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare Market Worth $45.2 Billion by 2026 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets™  Page  of US tech investors plan to acquire TikTok to neutralize the power of China's social network in the US  Page 20 of 59FCC Chairman Pai Issues Remarks to Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry FRAMES 2020  Page  of Amazon says the e-mail about TikTok was a mistake and that it doesn't prohibit it  Page 23 of 59Hong Kong police see extended powers and can search without warrant  Page 25 of 59Risen Energy inks EPC contract for a 250 MW project in Vietnam; The company continues its excellent track record in overseas markets  Page 27 of 59China Removes Animal Linked to Coronavirus From List of Traditional Medicine  Page  of Gold falls 1% to Wall Street up amid economic upturn optimism  Page  of PRECIOUS METALS-Gold falls 1% to Rise on Wall Street amid Optimism Economic Reopening  Page 31 of 59Trade Tensions Driving Export Controls Imposed by US Could Reshape Semiconductor Ecosystem, ANZ Says  Page 44 of 59Grim Coronavirus Milestone: 2 million confirmed U.S. cases, CDC warns of a second spike; Remains Belong To Missing Kids: Chad Daybell hid bodies on Idaho proper....  Page 46 of 59The growth of Asian football, a reality  Page 49 of 59Midday ETF Update: US Stocks Expand Gains on Optimistic Economic Recovery  Page 51 of 59LEADER MCCARTHY JOINS CNBC'S SQUAWK BOX  Page 53 of 59CASIC Accelerates to Empower New Infrastructure Construction  Page  of Economy/Business.- TikTok to create 10,000 jobs in the US in three years  Page  of USA.- TikTok to create 10,000 jobs in the US in three years  Page  of US investors intend to take control of TikTok, according to 'FT'  Page  of US investors seek to take control of TikTok, according to Financial Times  Page 59 of 59Denso CASE (Connectivity, Automation, Sharing and Electrification) Research Report, 2020; As one of the top three Tier1 suppliers in the world, Denso makes adju....  