Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 10:00:00 PM EDTJob Number: 142722244Documents (86)1. BREAKINGVIEWS-The solution for TikTok exposes its new owners to future risksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America2. TikTok deal deadline approaches, US urges Court to back Trump vetoClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America3. Trump says he won't extend deadline for US TikTok saleClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America4. Trump says he won't extend deadline for US TikTok saleClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America5. Oracle goes to TikTok rescue in USClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America6. Oracle goes to TikTok rescue in USClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America7. The world order in the post-COVID-19 eraClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America8. ADL REPORT: ANTI-ASIAN HOSTILITY SPIKES ON TWITTER AFTER PRESIDENT TRUMP'S COVID DIAGNOSISClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America9. Global Octane Improver Fuel Additives Market Report 2020-2025 Featuring Innospec, Dorf Ketal, Total, Afton Chemical, and LyondellBasell IndustriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America10. PROPAGANDIST WHO PURGED CUTTING-EDGE CHINESE MEDIA EDITS PEOPLE'S DAILYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America11. Insights on the Moisture Curing Adhesive Global Market to 2025 - Featuring 3M, American Sealants and Epic Resins Among Others - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America12. Trump gave his endorsement for Oracle and Walmart to take control of TikTokClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America13. Judge temporarily prevents Donald Trump from banning TikTok in U.S.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America14. Senate Republicans Release Coronavirus Documentary, Hope To Change Messaging On Virus ResponseClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America15. FINDING PATTERNS IN THE NOISE USING NOVEL COMPUTATIONAL APPROACHES, GRADUATE STUDENT SEAN LIU DEVELOPS BETTER TOOLS FOR ANALYZING DATA.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America16. Sounds like a joke! Hacker tells how he allegedly discovered Trump's passwordClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America17. Oracle Confirms 'Tech Provider' Status in TikTok Pursuit; Shares HaltedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America18. A GOOD BAD IDEA FROM TIKTOKClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America19. U.S. appeals injunction in TikTok caseClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America20. Vision Guided Robotics Market Forecast to 2027 - COVID-19 Impact and Global Analysis by Component Type, Type, and Industry VerticalClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America21. It will issue debtClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America22. White House adviser Kudlow says TikTok deal is under heavy scrutinyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America23. US judge prevents Trump from banning TikTok for the time beingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America24. US Justice Prevents Trump from Banning TikTokClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America25. U.S. Justice Prevents Trump from Banning TikTok for the Time BeingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America26. US Justice temporarily suspended ban on downloading TikTokClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America27. Asia-US West Coast spot rate eclipses $4,000 per FEU: Drewry indexClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America28. How the Election Could Shift Music Industry PolicyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America29. ByteDance may default U.S. deadline according to TikTok: BloombergClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America30. Companies bet on TikTok even with U.S. restrictionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America31. Aollywood (Macau-Hollywood, the "Eastern Hollywood") Established the First Film Producers Association in Macau; And It Will Gradually Attract and Welcome Foreign Members to Join InClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America32. Global Drone Analytics Market (2020 to 2025) - Growth, Trends, and ForecastsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America33. Briefing.com: Story Stocks (R)Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America34. Why you should be calling dishonor on "Mulan" 2020Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America35. Kadant Declares Cash DividendClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America36. Post-Covid economyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America37. Trump votes -- for himself, naturallyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America38. Bright Scholar Schedules Unaudited Financial Results for Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Ended August 31, 2020Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America39. Delayed results could boost disinformation;Federal agencies warn of loophole for bad actorsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America40. New Study Finds Smooth Digital Transactions "Essential to Business Survival" During and After Pandemic;Economist Intelligence Unit and TransUnion report highlights which emerging technologies could present challenges for and increase fraud prevention, economic inclusion and consumer privacyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America41. What does 5G technology promise? After the launch of the iPhoneClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America42. Ambow Education Announces Second Quarter 2020 Financial ResultsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America43. TikTok Sale: ByteDance Partners With OracleClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America44. TikTok Sale: ByteDance Rejects Microsoft BidClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America45. Today's TechnologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America46. Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market 2020 Global Share, Trend, Segmentation, Analysis and Forecast to 2026Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America47. National Zoo: Genetic tests reveal new baby panda is a boyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America48. The White House reiterated that TikTok must become an American company or it will be bannedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America49. Oracle Edges Out Microsoft As Preferred TikTok Buyer - ReportsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America50. Opinion | The problem with Disney's 'Mulan' live actionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America51. TikTok must become a US company, says Treasury SecretaryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America52. Trump says new TikTok service to be 'totally secure,' delays ban amid reported Oracle-Walmart dealClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America53. Walmart, Oracle Support President Trump's Idea For TikTok 'Education Fund'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America54. Disney's "Mulan" has a weak Chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mln dlr at the box officeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America55. Disney's "Mulan" has a weak Chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mln dlr at the box officeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America56. "Mulan" has a weak chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mdd at the box officeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America57. "Mulan" has a weak chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mdd at the box officeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America58. OnePlus phones support Xbox Game Pass (xCloud) for Android after allClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America59. Nearly nine million viewers paid 25 euros to see 'Mulán' in digital format, according to a studyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America60. TikTok Picks Oracle, Nvidia Buys Arm, Gilead Buys Immunomedics - 5 Things You Must Know MondayClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America61. Trump gives Tik Tok ultimatum: agree to sale or stop tradingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America62. Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop tradingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America63. AP Explains: The Big Promise of 5G TechnologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America64. CONSPIRACY THEORIES ABOUT THE ORIGINS OF COVID-19 OUTWEIGH SCIENCE'S INFLUENCE, RESEARCHERS SAYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America65. Hong Kong Teen Activist Seeking U.S. Asylum Detained at Last Minute Near ConsulateClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America66. Mike Pompeo travels to India; possible agreement against ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America67. Wall Street Leans Back Pre-Bell; Futures Red, Europe Higher, Asia MixedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America68. Trump insists on TikTok: Either agree to its sale or it will stop tradingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America69. Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop tradingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America70. Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop tradingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America71. PROCLAMATION ON UNITED NATIONS DAY, 2020Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America72. Figures don't support Donald Trump as market favoriteClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America73. Asian Stock Markets Mixed on Wall Street Cues, Geopolitical TensionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America74. Hong Kong Hang Seng Down 0.5% on Fresh Geopolitical TensionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America75. Dow Futures Gain As AstraZeneca Resumes Coronavirus Vaccine Trials, Tech and Pharma Deals Boost Market SentimentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America76. Stocks Rally Higher, Driven by Big Merger News, Nvidia to Buy Arm for $40 BillionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America77. Trump won't extend TikTok sale deadlineClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America78. Walmart Still Interested in TikTok Investment; ByteDance Favors Partnering With Oracle Rather Than SaleClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America79. Remote teaching is nothing new on the University's Flint and Dearborn campusesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America80. Euphoria, the first symptom that breaks bull marketsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America81. PUBG breaks ties with China-based Tencent for India operationsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America82. Maryland unemployment rate down to 6.9%Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America83. THE REAL JOE: BIDEN INC.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America84. U.S. Investors May Be Offered TikTok Stock Within a YearClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America85. Business HighlightsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America86. Vaccine trials in United Kingdom to resume: AstraZenecaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2020 to Oct 31, 2020; Geography by Document: North America

BREAKINGVIEWS-The solution for TikTok exposes its new owners to future risksCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 21, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 473 wordsBodyBy Gina ChonSAN FRANCISCO, 20 Sep (Reuters Breakingviews) - Both ByteDance, TikTok's Chinese parent company, as well as its new investors, Oracle and Walmart, get some of the deal that US President Donald Trump approved early Saturday. Specifically, ByteDance gets more than it deserves and American companies get more than they expected.Trump decreed in August that Beijing-based TikTok's parent company should sell the short video business in the United States for national security reasons. However, the result is not actually a sale. Although Trump claims that the app's new ownership "will have nothing to do with China," ByteDance will in fact retain 80% of the new company, TikTok Global. Software firm Oracle and retail giant Walmart will keep the other 20%.This is the first time that a presidential sales order for national security reasons has not been fully executed. Certainly, if you take into account the 40% direct holdings of US venture capital firms in ByteDance itself, TikTok Global will, in theory, be more than 50% American. But that's not the same as being in control. TikTok will continue to work with ByteDance technology, so concerns about possible Chinese government access to data have not been convincingly resolved.As for Oracle and Walmart, they receive a stake in a company whose valuation at $60 billion (according to Bloomberg) appears high. This figure accounts for about 43 times TikTok's potential revenue this year, and contrasts with a market capitalization of competitor Snap that equates to 17 times the revenue figure. They may be relying on other benefits that make TikTok more valuable under a new property. Oracle will be TikTok's cloud provider for storing data, and Walmart will provide e-commerce and other services.All this, at the cost of ongoing scrutiny by Washington. Some Republican MPs like Senator Marco Rubio openly oppose the deal. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden says TikTok poses a real problem for the country, and that he will investigate if he wins in November. Even without links to China, TikTok, like all social media companies, faces risks of data breaches, minor privacy issues and user concern about the way their data is managed.This is uncharted territory for Oracle and Walmart. They have previously avoided surveillance that has been dedicated to technology companies such as Facebook and Alphabet (Google's parent). By diversifying their business by entering the social media segment while taking the risk from exposure to China, they could be vulnerable to problems from two angles.On Twitter https://twitter.com/GinaChon- The author is a columnist for Reuters Breakingviews. The opinions expressed in this column are the sole responsibility of its author.- Previous columns with the same signature, for Reuters clients:(Edited in Spanish by Tomás Cobos)Load-Date: September 22, 2020End of Document

TikTok deal deadline approaches, US urges Court to back Trump vetoCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 25, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 368 wordsBodyWith the deadlines coming, the United States is struggling to impose President Donald Trump's ban on the viral video-sharing app TikTok. A federal judge in Washington scheduled a Sunday morning hearing on TikTok's request to stop the ban, hours before it takes effect. The United States filed a sealed motion friday opposing TikTok's effort. ByteDance, the Chinese owner of TikTok, resorted to legal action even while seeking approvals for the sale of a stake in its U.S. operations to Oracle and Walmart under pressure from the president. The Trump administration announced on August 6 that it would ban the application, regularly used by 19 million Americans, in stores in their country for national security reasons. The judge had given the United States until 2:30 p.m. on Friday to delay the ban by opposing TikTok's request. You can also read: ByteDance orders license in China to sell TikTok TikTok US purchase deal at risk: China accuses Trump's 'dirty' tactics Both TikTok and WeChat, owned by Tencent Holdings of China, have been labeled as threats to national security by the Trump administration. In the case of TikTok, they seek to force a sale to U.S. companies, on the grounds that they could allow the Chinese government to access the personal data of millions of Americans. The United States notified Friday that it wanted to submit classified information in the WeChat case. In defending TikTok's ban, he said he wanted to submit his response under seal because the document includes "confidential business information" in the application that ByteDance has shared with Commerce. The TikTok ban, in effect at 11:59 pm on September 27, would remove TikTok from Google's Apple and Android managed app stores, the most widely used markets for downloadable apps. People who don't already have the app wouldn't be able to get it, and those who already have it wouldn't have access to the updates needed to ensure its safe and smooth operation. In time, it would become useless. The ban, proclaimed in an August 6 executive order by the president, is part of a broader effort by the administration to take a hard line against Beijing, as Trump bets that a tough approach will help him win re-election.Load-Date: September 26, 2020End of Document

Trump says he won't extend deadline for US TikTok saleCNN WireSeptember 10, 2020 Thursday 11:39 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 456 wordsDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  President Donald Trump said Thursday he will not extend the fast-approaching September 20 deadline he set for ByteDance, the Chinese-owned parent company of Tiktok, to sell the popular app or have it be banned."We'll see what happens it'll either be closed up or they'll sell it," Trump said before boarding Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews. He maintained there will be "no extension of the TikTok deadline."The President's comments mark just the latest example of his strongman approach to the popular app after declaring in July that he would ban it from operating in the US. Last month, he claimed in an executive order that there is "credible evidence" that ByteDance "might take action that threatens to impair the national security of the United States."The app, however, has sued the Trump administration in response to what it said is a "heavily politicized" executive order."We far prefer constructive dialogue over litigation," TikTok said in a blog post announcing the case. "But with the Executive Order threatening to bring a ban on our US operations --- eliminating the creation of 10,000 American jobs and irreparably harming the millions of Americans who turn to this app for entertainment, connection, and legitimate livelihoods that are vital especially during the pandemic --- we simply have no choice."As TikTok has scrambled to keep its American presence alive, Microsoft has emerged as a potential, albeit unlikely, savior for the platform.The app has exploded in popularity in the US and other Western countries, becoming the first Chinese social media platform to gain significant traction with users outside of its home country.It was downloaded 315 million times in the first three months of this year, more quarterly downloads than any other app in history, according to analytics company Sensor Tower.Critics of TikTok worry that the data it collects on its US users could end up in the hands of the Chinese government, though TikTok has said it stores its data outside China and that it would resist any attempts by Beijing to seize the information."TikTok US user data is stored in the US, with strict controls on employee access. TikTok's biggest investors come from the US. We are committed to protecting our users' privacy and safety as we continue working to bring joy to families and meaningful careers to those who create on our platform," TikTok spokesperson Hilary McQuaide told CNN last month.Cybersecurity experts have said TikTok's potential risk to national security is largely theoretical and that there is no evidence to suggest that the app's user data has been compromised by Chinese intelligence.TM & © 2020 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: September 10, 2020End of Document

Trump says he won't extend deadline for US TikTok saleCNN.comSeptember 10, 2020 Thursday 10:30 PM ESTCopyright 2020 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICSLength: 440 wordsByline: By Paul LeBlanc, CNNBodyPresident Donald Trump said Thursday he will not extend the fast-approaching September 20 deadline he set for ByteDance, the Chinese-owned parent company of Tiktok, to sell the popular app or have it be banned."We'll see what happens it'll either be closed up or they'll sell it," Trump said before boarding Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews. He maintained there will be "no extension of the TikTok deadline."The President's comments mark just the latest example of his strongman approach to the popular app after declaring in July that he would ban it from operating in the US. Last month, he claimed in an executive order that there is "credible evidence" that ByteDance "might take action that threatens to impair the national security of the United States."The app, however, has sued the Trump administration in response to what it said is a "heavily politicized" executive order."We far prefer constructive dialogue over litigation," TikTok said in a blog post announcing the case. "But with the Executive Order threatening to bring a ban on our US operations ? eliminating the creation of 10,000 American jobs and irreparably harming the millions of Americans who turn to this app for entertainment, connection, and legitimate livelihoods that are vital especially during the pandemic ? we simply have no choice."As TikTok has scrambled to keep its American presence alive, Microsoft has emerged as a potential, albeit unlikely, savior for the platform.The app has exploded in popularity in the US and other Western countries, becoming the first Chinese social media platform to gain significant traction with users outside of its home country.It was downloaded 315 million times in the first three months of this year, more quarterly downloads than any other app in history, according to analytics company Sensor Tower.Critics of TikTok worry that the data it collects on its US users could end up in the hands of the Chinese government, though TikTok has said it stores its data outside China and that it would resist any attempts by Beijing to seize the information."TikTok US user data is stored in the US, with strict controls on employee access. TikTok's biggest investors come from the US. We are committed to protecting our users' privacy and safety as we continue working to bring joy to families and meaningful careers to those who create on our platform," TikTok spokesperson Hilary McQuaide told CNN last month.Cybersecurity experts have said TikTok's potential risk to national security is largely theoretical and that there is no evidence to suggest that the app's user data has been compromised by Chinese intelligence.Load-Date: September 10, 2020End of Document

Oracle goes to TikTok rescue in USCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 15, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 282 wordsBodyOracle announced that it will be a member of China's ByteDance so that TikTok can continue to operate in the United States, after overcoming Microsoft's attempt to reach an agreement, which ended up being structured more as an association than as a direct sale.ByteDance, TikTok's Beijing-based parent company, had been in talks to sell the U.S. business of its popular short video app to Oracle or Microsoft after U.S. President Donald Trump ordered its sale last month and threatened a possible closure of its operations.  Finance  Although the app is best known for dance videos that go viral among teens, Washington has expressed concern that user data and information can be transferred to the Chinese government.TikTok, which has up to 100 million users in the United States, has assured that it would never share that data with Chinese authorities.Oracle said it was part of a proposal submitted by ByteDance to the U.S. Treasury Department over the weekend, in which Oracle would act as TikTok's "reliable technology provider."According to the new proposal, Oracle will be ByteDance's technology partner and will assume the management of TikTok user data in the United States, sources told Reuters, who added that Oracle also negotiates to take a stake in TikTok's business in the US country.TikTok user data is currently stored in the Alphabet cloud, backed up in Singapore. Some of ByteDance's main investors, including General Atlantic and Sequoia, will also hold minority stakes.It is not yet clear whether Trump, who wants a U.S. company to majority own TikTok in the US, will approve the deal. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told CNBC that the government will review it this week.Load-Date: September 16, 2020End of Document

Oracle goes to TikTok rescue in USCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 15, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 281 wordsBodyOracle announced that it will be a member of China's ByteDance so that TikTok can continue to operate in the United States, after overcoming Microsoft's attempt to reach an agreement, which ended up being structured more as an association than as a direct sale.ByteDance, TikTok's Beijing-based parent company, had been in talks to sell the U.S. business of its popular short video app to Oracle or Microsoft after U.S. President Donald Trump ordered its sale last month and threatened a possible closure of its operations.Although the app is best known for dance videos that go viral among teens, Washington has expressed concern that user data and information can be transferred to the Chinese government.TikTok, which has up to 100 million users in the United States, has assured that it would never share that data with Chinese authorities.Oracle said it was part of a proposal submitted by ByteDance to the U.S. Treasury Department over the weekend, in which Oracle would act as TikTok's "reliable technology provider."According to the new proposal, Oracle will be ByteDance's technology partner and will assume the management of TikTok user data in the United States, sources told Reuters, who added that Oracle also negotiates to take a stake in TikTok's business in the US country.TikTok user data is currently stored in the Alphabet cloud, backed up in Singapore. Some of ByteDance's main investors, including General Atlantic and Sequoia, will also hold minority stakes.It is not yet clear whether Trump, who wants a U.S. company to majority own TikTok in the US, will approve the deal. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told CNBC that the government will review it this week.Load-Date: September 16, 2020End of Document

The world order in the post-COVID-19 eraCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 17, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 423 wordsBodyThe emergence of the Sars-CoV-2 virus will change the political and economic order of the world. China and the United States will continue their struggle to see who the world's new Hegemon will be, on the other hand, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank (WB), Western-linked financial institutions, risk that organizations, such as the Chinese government's Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), will take the baton like the new institutions of the global financial system; with the coming of the years, the IMF and the WB have fallen into discredit from governments and the global citizen, it should be remembered that, in 2008, during the financial crisis, it was the IMF that imposed on the Greek government draconian economic rules (privatization of public enterprises, government austerity, elimination of social spending, etc.) so that it could be credited with the financing it needed to be able to deal with the economic crisis at the time. During the dawn of the health contingency, the debate arose among the public about whether the emergence of COVID-19 would mean the end of capitalism, philosophers such as Slovenian Slavoj 'i'ek agreed with this premise, however, over the months you can see that this will not be the case. Governments through fiscal stimulus, credit and social programmes have played a key role in mitigating the negative economic effects of health contingency.In the medium term, the role of States in the economy will obviously play a more relevant role, but that does not mean that the market will no longer have relevance.The world economy before the pandemic was intrinsically linked to global value chains, yet in the face of the new economic reality companies around the world are expected to start implementing reshoring.Reshoring is the process of returning product production to the company's original country; for example, multinational companies like Apple, which have their manufacturing processes in China, will opt because their supply chain is carried out in countries not so far away, or in their home country of the United States, due to health restrictions that are being implemented in all countries.In conclusion, trade protectionism will increase, but this does not mean that there will be a statization of the economy in the world. Health contingency is accelerating the process of automation and digitization of the economy, so we would be talking about a new stage in the industrialization of economic activities, which I will talk about in my next column.Load-Date: September 18, 2020End of Document

ADL REPORT: ANTI-ASIAN HOSTILITY SPIKES ON TWITTER AFTER PRESIDENT TRUMP'S COVID DIAGNOSISStates News ServiceOctober 9, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 839 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: NEW YORK, NY BodyThe following information was released by the Anti-Defamation League (ADL):ADL (the Anti-Defamation League) today issued a new study showing a dramatic spike in anti-Asian sentiment and conspiracy theories about the spread of coronavirus in conversations on Twitter in the days immediately following the president's first tweet about his positive diagnosis on October 2.The new study of Twitter conversations and activity, conducted by ADL's Center for Technology and Society, found that in the 12 hours after the president's initial tweet about his and the first lady's COVID-19 diagnosis, there was an 85 percent increase in anti-Asian language and conspiracy theories tracked on the platform. Similarly, the rate of discussions about various conspiracy theories increased 41 percent, with some of those conversations also taking on antisemitic overtones. From October 2-5, the percentage of anti-Asian language on Twitter remained higher than usual.ADL unveiled the new findings this morning in a virtual press conference hosted by Congresswoman Judy Chu (CA-27), Chairwoman of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus. Also joining were Reps. Grace Meng (NY-06) and Brad Schneider (IL-10), and John Yang, President and Executive Director of Asian Americans Advancing Justice (AAJC)."The level of hatred and vitriol that was aimed at Asian Americans and Chinese people on social media is simply staggering," said Jonathan A. Greenblatt, ADL CEO. "The hate speech and stereotyping are irresponsible and can spillover into real world violence. With the alarming increase in physical attacks and hate crimes against Asian Americans in recent months, it is clear that all leaders, including our president, need to stop blaming others for spreading the virus."The data was gathered with the ADL Online Hate Index (OHI), a new tool that uses state of the art technologies such as machine learning to investigate the prevalence of hate speech on social media platforms. This language was also analyzed with help from tools developed by The Alan Turing Institute.ADL also found that one of the most common beliefs expressed by conspiracy theories was that a "New World Order" or "NWO" would be implemented supposedly run by secretive actors who either gave President Trump the virus or plan to assassinate him under cover of his illness. Other common online conspiracy theories suggest the virus is a bioweapon created by the Chinese government, that Bill Gates caused the virus, and that the virus was "engineered" by humans.These Twitter discussions also mention elements of the QAnon conspiracy theories, calling on "patriqts" deliberately misspelled to signal fellow believers in Q, to rescue the president. Some tweets made antisemitic claims such as President Trump is a "crypto Jew" or a "Zionist agent," or that he is a pawn caught up in the machinations of Jewish interests."Misinformation and xenophobia are dangerous. That is why the CDC and WHO have both warned not to associate COVID-19 with a specific people or country because of the stigma it causes. And now, thanks to the ADL's report, we are able to see that harmful impact in real time," said Rep. Judy Chu. "As the ADL's report shows, the alarming anti-Asian hate incidents we have witnessed in recent months are not an accident. They are the result of an atmosphere of xenophobia and bigotry that is thriving on Twitter and other online platforms."The findings are based on an analysis of more than 2.7 million tweets between 8 p.m. UTC on Oct. 2 through 9 p.m. UTC on Oct. 5. Some of the tweets analyzed harkened back to remarks made by the president on September 29 in the first presidential debate, when he suggested that the pandemic was "China's fault," and referred to the virus as the "China plague," the latest in a pattern of inflammatory remarks over many months.Global anxiety about the outbreak of the coronavirus has spawned misinformation and scapegoating. Since the spread of the virus in the U.S., there has been a surge of incidents of bias, harassment, and violence against Asian Americans, immigrants, and Orthodox Jewish communities.Building on ADL's century of experience working toward a world without hate, the Center for Technology and Society (CTS) serves as a resource to tech platforms and develops proactive solutions to fight hate both online and offline. CTS works at the intersection of technology and civil rights through education, research and advocacy.ADL is the world's leading anti-hate organization. Founded in 1913 in response to an escalating climate of anti-Semitism and bigotry, its timeless mission is to protect the Jewish people and to secure justice and fair treatment for all. Today, ADL continues to fight all forms of hate with the same vigor and passion. A global leader in exposing extremism, delivering anti-bias education, and fighting hate online, ADL is the first call when acts of anti-Semitism occur. ADL's ultimate goal is a world in which no group or individual suffers from bias, discrimination or hate.Load-Date: October 9, 2020End of Document

Global Octane Improver Fuel Additives Market Report 2020-2025 Featuring Innospec, Dorf Ketal, Total, Afton Chemical, and LyondellBasell IndustriesGlobeNewswireOctober 30, 2020 Friday 3:43 AM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 969 wordsBodyDublin, Oct.  30, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Octane Improver Fuel Additives Market - Growth, Trends, and Forecast (2020 - 2025)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.   The market for octane improver fuel additives is expected to grow at a CAGR greater than 3% globally during the forecast periodGrowing demand for ethanol-blended fuels along with increasing demand for high-performance fuels are driving the market. On the flip side, stringent environmental regulations coupled with unfavorable conditions arising due to the COVID-19 outbreak are hindering the market growth.The octane improver fuel additives market is expected to grow during the forecast period owing to the growing demand for ethanol-blended fuels. Asia-Pacific region to dominate the market across the globe with the largest growth from countries such as China and India.Key Market TrendsGrowing Demand for Ethanol-Blended FuelsAmong all octane improver fuel additives, ethanol occupies a major share and is expected to grow rapidly during the forecast period.• Ethanol has an octane rating of about 108 and is added to fuel to increase the overall octane rating of the fuel. The use of ethanol-blended fuel reduces the emission of NOX, CO, and particulate matter. Due to the lower carbon to hydrogen ratio, the use of ethanol reduces carbon-dioxide emissions and increases fuel efficiency. The use of ethanol produced from bio-based instead of petroleum-based is expected to reduce pollution and drive the market during the forecast period.• It is found that there is a significant drop in the production of flexible fuel vehicles in 2019-20 in some parts of the United States which can run on E15, E40, and E85. However, there is a rise in demand for E15 vehicles and for the first time BMW models were approved for use of E15 and it is expecting to launch E25 by the end of 2020.• However, due to unprecedented conditions arisen due to the COVID-19 outbreak the consumption of oil & gas is down by at least 5 million barrels per day due to lockdown in various countries resulting in the complete shutdown of travel, tourism, and e-commerce are likely to affect the consumption in 2020 and is expected to reach to normal by early 2021.• The growing urbanization and increasing need for reducing greenhouse gas emissions are expected to drive the market for the octane improver fuel additives during the forecast period.Asia-Pacific Region to Dominate the MarketThe Asia-Pacific region is expected to dominate the market for octane improver fuel additive during the forecast period due to an increase in demand from countries like China, and India• To reduce the pollution and particulate matter (PM 2.5) emissions, the Chinese government proposed guideline for the mandate adaptation of 10% ethanol-blended gasoline by the end of 2020 and by encouraging corn production, China is expecting to reach it's ethanol demand through bio-based production thereby reducing the impact on the environment.• In early 2010, diesel was available at a discount price of about INR 25 to petrol, but now the difference is in single digits. As the price differential is reducing, the preference for petrol(gasoline)-based vehicles is expected to grow in the future.• The Indian diesel cars sales accounted for about 19% in FYI 2019 compared to more than 50% in the year 2012, and the mandate of BS-VI engine vehicles from April-2020 made it much more difficult. India's largest automaker announced that it will discontinue the majority of its diesel car models production. While other manufacturers are expected to follow a strategic approach and will produce only high-end and heavy model diesel cars. The growing demand for petrol-based vehicles is expected to drive the market for gasoline octane improvers during the forecast period.• The aforementioned factors, coupled with government support, are contributing to the increasing demand for octane improver fuel additives market in the Asia-Pacific during the forecast period.Competitive LandscapeThe global octane improver fuel additives market is partially fragmented with players accounting for a marginal share of the market. Few companies include Innospec, Dorf Ketal, Total, Afton Chemical, and LyondellBasell Industries Holdings B.V.Key Topics Covered:   1 INTRODUCTION2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY 3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Drivers4.1.1 Growing Demand For Ethanol-Blended Fuels4.1.2 Increasing Demand for High-Performance Fuels4.2 Restraints4.2.1 Unfavourable Conditions Arising Due to the COVID-19 Outbreak4.2.2 Stringent Environmental Regulations4.3 Industry Value Chain Analysis4.4 Porters Five Forces Analysis5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 Improver Type5.1.1 Ethanol5.1.2 Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (MTBE)5.1.3 Methylcyclopentadienyl Manganese Tricarbonyl (MMT)5.1.4 Ethyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (ETBE)5.1.5 Ferrocene5.1.6 Others5.2 Application5.2.1 Gasoline5.2.2 Racing Fuels5.2.3 Aviation Fuels5.2.4 Others5.3 Geography6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Mergers & Acquisitions, Joint Ventures, Collaborations, and Agreements6.2 Market Share Analysis/Ranking Analysis6.3 Strategies Adopted by Leading Players6.4 Company Profiles6.4.1 Afton Chemical6.4.2 BITA Trading GmbH6.4.3 Cestoil Chemical Inc.6.4.4 Dorf Ketal6.4.5 Energizer Auto6.4.6 Innospec6.4.7 KENNOL Performance Oil6.4.8 LIQUI MOLY GmbH6.4.9 LUBRITA Europe B.V6.4.10 LyondellBasell Industries Holdings B.V.6.4.11 Penrite Oil6.4.12 Ravensberger Schmierstoffvertrieb GmbH6.4.13 Rheochemie GmbH6.4.14 Total 7 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDS7.1 Growing Demand for Efficient Fuels to Alleviate Impact on Environment  For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/9f5ff1Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research. CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Load-Date: October 30, 2020End of Document

PROPAGANDIST WHO PURGED CUTTING-EDGE CHINESE MEDIA EDITS PEOPLE'S DAILYStates News ServiceOctober 22, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 603 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:The ruling Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has appointed a propagandist who sparked protests in the southern city of Guangdong in 2013 editor-in-chief of its official newspaper, the People's Daily.Tuo Zhen, 61, was the presumed author of a New Year front page editorial in the cutting-edge magazine Southern Weekend that prompted a strike by journalists and days of streets protests in January 2013, during the early days of CCP general secretary Xi Jinping's tenure.He is believed to have rewritten a New Year editorial calling for constitutional government and political reform during his tenure as Guangdong provincial propaganda chief, a move that later saw him promoted to deputy propaganda minister in Beijing.Tuo's latest move was made with scant official fanfare, with his name merely appearing in the "About Us" section of the People's Daily online edition, listed as "editor-in-chief." The China-based news site The Paper picked up the change and published a report in Chinese on Wednesday.Beijing-based political journalist Gao Yu, said the rewriting of the editorial paved the way for a nationwide purge of the country's cutting-edge, liberal media, under a directive titled "Document No. 9," which bans talk of democracy or constitutional government, freedom of speech, or judicial independence for China."The media belongs to the party; that's what's happening now," Gao told RFA. "This means the implementation of Document No. 9.""Tuo Zhen has done a great job ... of suppressing the Chinese dream of constitutional government and of purging Southern Weekend," Gao said. "After that, the party Central Committee went on to formulate Document No. 9, which I was arrested for."During her November 2014 trial, Gao was accused of leaking Document No. 9 to a Hong Kong-based media outlet.Seven taboosThe directive lists "seven taboos" to be avoided in public debate, including online and in China's schools and universities, including democracy, freedom of the press, judicial independence, and criticism of the party's historical record.The document was already available online, and Gao argued that the media organization in question could easily have downloaded it elsewhere. Gao was jailed for seven years for "leaking state secrets overseas" but was later released following a sentence reduction, and amid an international outcry."[Tuo Zhen] is the kind of person they are hiring now," Gao said. "Anyone who wants to write the truth goes to jail.""Those who play the executioner and purge the media, they get promoted."The only possible outcomeLi Datong, the former editor-in-chief of Freezing Point Weekly, who published an open letter in 2018 opposing Xi Jinping's abolition of term limits on his office, agreed."But of course, it's only natural," Li said. "That's what this system is; this is the only possible outcome."The news of Tuo's promotion emerged as the U.S. said it would designate a further six state Chinese media organizations "foreign missions."U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Wednesday Washington planned to treat the U.S.-based operations of Yicai Global, Jiefang Daily, the Xinmin Evening News, Social Sciences in China Press, the Beijing Review, and the Economic Daily as foreign missions, bringing the number of Chinese state media organizations so classified to 15.Foreign missions are required to provide the State Department with details of their payroll and assets in the U.S.Reported by Ng Yik-tung and Sing Man for RFA's Cantonese Service, and by the Mandarin Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: October 22, 2020End of Document

Insights on the Moisture Curing Adhesive Global Market to 2025 - Featuring 3M, American Sealants and Epic Resins Among Others - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireOctober 14, 2020 Wednesday 11:25 AM GMTCopyright 2020 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 849 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "Moisture Curing Adhesive Market - Growth, Trends, and Forecast (2020 - 2025)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The market for moisture curing adhesives is expected to grow at a CAGR of about 5% globally during the forecast period.Growing demand from the construction industry and increasing demand from the automobile industry are driving the market. On the flip side, stringent environmental regulations coupled with unfavorable conditions arising due to the COVID-19 outbreak are hindering the market growth.Companies Mentioned• 3M• Alchimica• American Sealants, Inc.• BASF Construction North America• Caswell Adhesives• Cattie Adhesives• Daubert Chemical Company• Dow• Epic Resins• ESSRBOND• H.B. Fuller Company• Henkel Limited• HENRY• Hitachi Chemical Co., Ltd• Jowat SE• OBEXKey Market TrendsGrowing Demand from the Building & Construction Sector• Moisture curing adhesives are used in building & construction applications and are expected to be the fastest-growing market during the forecast period.• Moisture curing adhesives often cure by the polymer cross-linking process when they contact with water or humid air. Adhesives often contain isocyanates for crosslinking and silanes as the reactive component. After curing they exhibit superior bond strength and resistance to heat, chemicals, and moisture. Polyurethanes are the most widely used moisture curing adhesives because of solvent-free moisture curing and no VOC's (volatile organic compounds) content.• In the construction industry, moisture curing adhesives are mainly used for roofing, insulation, and flooring applications. They provide more adhesion when compared to any other compounds.• Moisture curing adhesives are used for bonding wood, metal, ceramics, plastics, stone, glass, and other porous as well as non-porous materials in the construction industry. In developed economies like Europe and America, the rise in demand for remodeling service along with the growing infrastructure investments is expected to drive the market. Whereas in the residential sector, the growth is driven by the increase in urbanization to meet the needs of the growing population.• The market growth of moisture curing adhesives is fueled by the growing construction industry during the forecast period.Asia-Pacific Region to Dominate the Market• The Asia-Pacific region is expected to dominate the market for moisture curing adhesives during the forecast period as a result of the increase in demand from the construction industry in countries like India and China.• The growing investments in infrastructure projects from countries like China and India are expected to drive the market. According to the National Development and Reform Commission, the Chinese government approved 26 infrastructure projects at an estimated investment of about USD 142 billion in 2019 which are estimated to be completed by 2023. Moreover, the Indian government has allocated USD 63 billion for the infrastructure sector in 2019-20 and is planning to spend USD 1.4 trillion over the next five years. The development of smart cities and other schemes like "housing for all" are expected to increase the demand for moisture curing adhesives in the construction industry.• Moisture curing adhesives are used in solid wood plank and engineered wood applications in commercial and residential sectors. They provide excellent bond strength and long working time. The growing furniture industry and wooden flooring are expected to drive the market. As per the world bank report, the Indian furniture industry is expected to cross USD 32 billion by 2019 and is estimated to have a growth of 20% per annum over the next few years.• The aforementioned factors coupled with government support are contributing to the increasing demand for moisture curing adhesive market in the Asia-Pacific region during the forecast period.Key Topics Covered:1 INTRODUCTION1.1 Study Assumptions1.2 Scope of the Study2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Drivers4.1.1 Growing Demand from the Building & Construction Sector4.1.2 Increasing Demand from the Automobile Industry4.2 Restraints4.2.1 Stringent Environmental Regulations4.2.2 Unfavorable Conditions Arising Due to the COVID-19 Outbreak4.3 Industry Value Chain Analysis4.4 Porters Five Forces Analysis5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 Type5.1.1 Polyurethane5.1.2 Silicone5.1.3 Polyolefin5.1.4 Others5.2 Application5.2.1 Building & Construction5.2.2 Automotive5.2.3 Wood Bonding5.2.4 Others (Electrical, PVC, etc.,)5.3 Geography5.3.1 Asia-Pacific5.3.2 North America5.3.3 Europe5.3.4 South America5.3.5 Middle-East and Africa6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Mergers & Acquisitions, Joint Ventures, Collaborations, and Agreements6.2 Market Share Analysis**6.3 Strategies Adopted by Leading Players6.4 Company Profiles7 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDS7.1 Growing Demand from Emerging Economies7.2 Other OpportunitiesFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/x3hxl5View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20201014005496/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: October 14, 2020End of Document

Trump gave his endorsement for Oracle and Walmart to take control of TikTokCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 19, 2020 SaturdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 262 wordsBodyUS President Donald Trump said Saturday that he supports an Oracle oracle-Wallmart deal that will allow TikTok to continue operating in the United States, after threatening to ban Chinese en-"It's a big deal for America," the American president said, in dialogue with journalists in the White House, letting the idea that the new company's headquarters will be in Texas. Trump argued that TikTok's new company will be "fully controlled by Oracle and Walmart."The president offered strong support for the arrangement that he said would create 25,000 jobs in the United States."I think it will be a fantastic deal. I've given my blessing to the agreement. If they do, it'll be great, but it's also great," Trump said.  Last Thursday, Reuters reported that the new company, called TikTok Global,will have a majority of U.S. directors, an American executive chairman, and a security expert as part of its board. Washington's first sanctions against TikTok, accused of threatening U.S. national security, will come into effect this Sunday. Some 100 million Americans, using TikTok, will still be able to use the platform until November 12. This lapse would allow TikTok, owned by China's ByteDance, and a U.S. company to safeguard application data to appease Washington's concerns. The Trump administration claimed that measures are essential to counter China's potential espionage across platforms. In this regard, this Saturday the Chinese government called the US decision "intimidation", shortly before establishing a mechanism that would allow it to sanction foreign companies.Load-Date: September 20, 2020End of Document

Judge temporarily prevents Donald Trump from banning TikTok in U.S.CE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 28, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 606 wordsBodyThe dispute between the U.S. government, with President Donald Trump as a reference, and the application of short videos TikTok, developed by the Chinese company ByteDance, generated a new chapter on Sunday, as a judge issued an order preventing the representative from banning downloads and updates from the social network, something that could have happened since midnight.Judge Carl J. Nichols thus agreed to the request of the Chinese firm's lawyers, who sought a temporary blockade of the possible ban while the two sides faced off in court, as in August the controversial representative issued an executive order threatening to annul TikTok if ByteDance did not sell it to any U.S. company.m{1025486}According to the President of the United States, the fact that it is an application owned by a Chinese company poses a threat of national security because of China's ties between the private sector and the Government of the Chinese Communist Party.After weeks of negotiations, ByteDance came to a beginning in agreement with the American Oracle and Walmart, which came to receive preliminary approval from the White House, but in recent days the talks were not paying off and there was a real possibility that Trump would execute his threat to ban downloads of the app when Sunday ended.A few hours before the ruling, on Sunday morning, Nichols held a hearing in which he heard the government's arguments, which stated that TikTok is a threat because it collects data about its users and, being a Chinese company, then must necessarily collaborate with that country's intelligence services.For their part, TikTok's lawyers denied that the company shares data with Chinese authorities and argued that Trump's goal is actually to restrict freedom of expression."This case is about freedom of expression and freedom of communication. It's an inherent part of the business that's been targeted by the attack. TikTok is an application, but it is much more. It is a modern version of communication in the electronic age that has gained popularity especially in the pandemic," said one of the company's lawyers, Alexander Berengaut.m{1025491}Had the judge not given ByteDance the reason and the White House had decided to go ahead with their threat, Google and Apple, which control the two major mobile virtual stores, would have been forced to withdraw TikTok from them in the United States, in compliance with the presidential order.Although only two weeks ago, the agreement between the Chinese company on the one hand and Oracle and Walmart on the other seemed on track, in recent days the two sides have offered conflicting versions as to whether ByteDance would continue to be a major part of the shareholding of the new company believed to run TikTok's business in the US.According to oracle and Walmart versions - which will control 20 percent of the future firm - most of the new company will be U.S. owned, but according to ByteDance, they will control the remaining 80 percent until their IBRO takes place with an initial public offering within about a year. The version of the agreement offered by ByteDance would therefore not be optimal for trump's executive order conditions.That order further states that on 12 NovemberCommerce would completely vetate the use of the app in the country, something that could still happen, since for now the judge has not prevented it.TikTok, which has 100 million users in the United States and 700 million worldwide, is one of the most growing social networks in recent years, and has become the main entertainment for many teens and a marketing channel for major celebrities.m{1025485}yhcLoad-Date: September 29, 2020End of Document

Senate Republicans Release Coronavirus Documentary, Hope To Change Messaging On Virus ResponseThe Daily CallerOctober 28, 2020 Wednesday 10:25 PM ESTCopyright 2020 The Daily Caller, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: DAILY-CALLER-NEWS-FOUNDATION; politicsLength: 516 wordsByline: Thomas Catenacci, Reporter, tcatenacci@dailycallernewsfoundation.orgBodyLink to ImageThe Senate Republican Conference on Wednesday released the first of a five-part documentary series, which it intends to use to take back the messaging around the government's coronavirus response effort.The documentary, entitled “The Invisible Enemy,” gives viewers an inside look at how Senate Republicans responded to the coronavirus outbreak.Produced by the Senate Republican Conference (SRC) communications team, the documentary includes sit-downs with seven Republican senators including Sens. Ted Cruz, Pat Toomey, Marco Rubio and Marsha Blackburn.“This documentary is a behind the scenes look at how Republican senators are working to beat it,” SRC Chairman Sen. John Barrasso said in a statement to the Daily Caller News Foundation. “We want to inform folks at home and encourage them. America will get through this, together.”Barrasso added: “Americans are not in the fight against the coronavirus alone. Senate Republicans are committed to beating this virus, and are racing towards a vaccine” (RELATED: Senate Democrats Block Republican's COVID-19 Relief Bill)WATCH:“The Invisible Enemy” was produced to defend Republicans who have been criticized by Democrats in the run-up to the Nov. 3 election.Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden's campaign has released several ads throughout the pandemic, including one on Tuesday, which have been highly critical of President Donald Trump's coronavirus response.“We need a real plan to get Covid under control,” Biden, who narrated the Tuesday ad, said. “As president, my commitment to you is to listen to the science so we can stay safe and get back to work.”The first part of the Republican-produced documentary released Wednesday focused on the early days of the outbreak. The Republican senators alleged that the Democratic impeachment effort shifted Congress's attention away from the increasing threat of the virus.The senators also blamed the Chinese government for hiding information about the virus in January and castigated the World Health Organization for “parroting” China's lies.“A documentary gives us time to tell the story,” Barrasso said. “We've been fighting the pandemic for over eight months.” (RELATED: Big Tech Censors Content That Counters The WHO, Despite It Repeatedly Flip-Flopping On Its Guidance)He continued: “The CARES Act put in place the right programs and policies to save jobs. The size and scale of the pandemic, and the size and scale of the Republican response to meet it, needs to be told in depth.”In total the federal government passed 10 coronavirus-related bills including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, according to the U.S. Government Publishing Office. Trump signed the $2 trillion CARES Act on March 27, which notably put money into the hands of 125 million Americans via direct stimulus checks.Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.Graphic Sen. Ted Cruz holds the Mueller report while questioning Attorney General William Barr during a hearing on May 1, 2019 in Washington, D.C. (Win McNamee/Getty Images)Load-Date: October 28, 2020End of Document

FINDING PATTERNS IN THE NOISE USING NOVEL COMPUTATIONAL APPROACHES, GRADUATE STUDENT SEAN LIU DEVELOPS BETTER TOOLS FOR ANALYZING DATA.States News ServiceOctober 14, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 1235 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: CAMBRIDGE, Mass. BodyThe following information was released by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT):Using novel computational approaches, graduate student Sean Liu develops better tools for analyzing data.When social scientists administer surveys and questionnaires, they cannot always count on the scrupulous cooperation of their respondents: It's human nature to get distracted when faced with a form. So how can researchers sort through what may be unreliable data to identify statistically significant answers to their questions? That's where Shiyao "Sean" Liu comes in."I have designed a tool for reducing measurement errors when respondents don't pay serious attention to online questions," says Liu, a sixth-year PhD candidate in political science. Through statistical methods he has devised, Liu can detect and eliminate random-seeming answers that make for a noisy dataset. "With cleaner data, it's easier to discover patterns and generate meaningful results."Liu's work on this computational tool earned the Best Graduate Student Poster Award from the Society of Political Methodology in 2019. It is one thrust of his dissertation research, which focuses on optimizing social science survey methods and data analysis.Fast startAfter arriving at MIT in 2015 from Peking University with undergraduate degrees both in statistics and in philosophy, politics, and economics, Liu found himself in demand. During his first summer in Cambridge, Massachusetts, he was engaged by Lily Tsai, faculty director of the MIT Governance Lab, as both a field researcher and methodologist."She was writing about public support for authoritarian regimes, and investigating the role played by retributive justice," says Liu. "The idea is that when authoritarian leaders punish their lower-level officials for wrongdoing, public support rises for the leaders because people perceive that the regime is pursuing justice."Liu visited China twice, and with MIT colleagues and local Chinese collaborators, helped conduct 1,600 face-to-face interviews.Some political science theories suggest that punishing corruption improves the image of authoritarian leaders because it makes them appear more competent. But with computational help from Liu, the research team learned that authoritarian image-building wasn't just about making the trains run on time."By leveraging new surveying methods, I was able to show that increased support for top leadership also flowed from people's belief that leaders were behaving in a moral way that they knew the difference between right and wrong," he says.Liu, who co-authored a forthcoming paper with Tsai on the popularity of anti-corruption punishment, believes this research provides a useful prism for examining governments today."When the Soviet Union collapsed in 1989, people thought democracy would be the only surviving political system in the world, but it wasn't the case," he says. "Regimes emerged that frequently used anti-corruption campaigns as a way of building up their popularity among the people." Think Duterte in the Philippines and Bolsonaro in Brazil, says Liu. People are eager to prop up even the most non-democratic dictators, if they perceive them as pursuing justice.Statistics for social sciencesLiu was born and grew up in Shanghai, the son of a businessman and a warehouse worker. He quickly discovered an affinity for history and political science, with a special fascination for the workings of different political systems and ideologies.After Liu's stellar results in China's high-pressure college entrance exam (he scored at the very top of Shanghai's cohort of 30,000 high schoolers), he received a full scholarship to Peking University. There he plunged into graduate-level courses on the social sciences and statistics. One of his undergraduate theses looked at whether mass shootings in different congressional districts in the United States had the effect of reducing votes for the representatives from those districts. He collected and analyzed 10 years of historical data, geocoding the sites of mass shooting events.By the end of college, says Liu, "I realized I wanted a career where I could basically use statistics to solve problems about society, in either politics or economics." After serving in business consulting and research positions, he felt certain that his future lay in academics, and that a graduate degree in political science, at MIT in particular, was the right path.Liu's decision to study abroad coincided with a more open time in China. "My generation saw the country playing more according to international rules," he says. "Demand was building from the government and Chinese business to give Chinese students international experience so we could help them communicate better with the rest of the world, to minimize confusion and misunderstanding." This, says Liu, helped a large cohort of Chinese students to transform themselves.Cleaning up messy dataAt MIT, Liu was drawn to the Political Methodology Lab and the work of its director, Associate Professor Teppei Yamamoto. Under Yamamoto's mentorship, Liu began to zero in on ways he might advance quantitative methods for political science research.Liu turned toward the problem of clearing up statistical noise in social science studies: "I was doing online surveys myself, and realized that some people were spending 30 seconds, and others, 30 minutes," he recalls. Liu came to adopt terms for these distinct types of respondents: "fast-forwarders" are those who click through with little thought about the content, and the "wanderers" are those who take a longer time to answer questions because they are simultaneously looking at their mail or meandering through YouTube. "Both the fast-forwarders and wanderers don't pay attention, and their answers lead to great randomness in the dataset."Liu embarked upon developing a statistical program that can identify both types of respondents in a dataset. "It's impossible to say precisely that one person is a wanderer and another is a fast-forwarder," says Liu. "But my program uses probability to show that particular respondents are likely to be one of these types, and to kick them out of the dataset."Liu believes this tool could prove useful to many social scientists whose research deploys online surveys. "We could save researchers who are struggling to find a pattern in the noise of their data," he says.Forward through the pandemicSince departing Cambridge in March due to the Covid-19 pandemic, Liu has been preparing drafts of his working papers for publication, while residing in his family home in Shanghai. His physical absence from MIT has posed a range of challenges: "I miss face-to-face check-ins with my advisors and colleagues, which inspired me, gave me new ideas about research, and created a sense of community," he says. He also pines for the regular dinners, karaoke parties, and hikes with friends. The tense state of affairs between the United States and China, restricting travel, is "making Chinese students' lives difficult, including mine," says Liu.But there are consolations to being home, including ample support from friends and family, along with home-cooked meals. "The pandemic is an obstacle for everyone, and we're all trying to overcome it in our own ways," he says. "For me, it means pushing forward on my dissertation, and exploring faculty and postdoc positions all around the world."Load-Date: October 15, 2020End of Document

Sounds like a joke! Hacker tells how he allegedly discovered Trump's passwordCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 22, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 432 wordsBodyWASHINGTON, D.C.- Dutch hacker Victor Gevers had only seven attempts to guess US President Donald Trump's Twitter social media password: "It was not difficult at all" because he had neither additional security nor used a complicated key; accessed with "maga2020!" (the initials of his campaign slogan, Make America Great Again).Gevers, a security researcher, had access to the president's personal messages and could change his profile and send tweets on behalf of @realDonaldTrump, an active user with 87.3 million followers on this social network, but only took screenshots, without curious, he said, confidential files of the Republican candidate."The first thing I thought when I started the session was, 'Oh my God!' It was like he didn't want to have been able to access, especially not such an important account," he explained to the Dutch platform NV, which published the screenshots taken by Gevers last Friday, though not entirely for containing private correspondence from the president.The problem was not only the weakness of the password Trump uses. Nor had it activated the dual authentication system, where by which the platform sends a second verification code to the phone number or email linked to the account in question, especially when accessed from an unknown computer.Once inside anyone's account, you can tweet, change the key or profile picture, and even download a file with private messages, but hackers like Gevers, dedicated to "responsible disclosure" or "ethics," only warn users and businesses about their account vulnerabilities.Attempts to alert the president, his team at the White House, the campaign team, and even his family members to the security of the Twitter account failed, but days later, the U.S. secret services contacted Gevers to thank him for the notice. Trump changed his key and activated double verification.This isn't the first time Gevers has managed to access the U.S. president's account. As early as October 2016, he and several friends came up with Trump's password in a database leaked by hackers. So, Trump had "youarefired" as an access key.Gevers is a highly respected pirate in the world of hackers, precisely because of his method of ethical work.Among other discoveries, he found a Chinese database with personal information (phone, dates of birth, photos, employer, identity number or nationality) and locations (with GPS coordinates of all places visited) of 2.7 million inhabitants of Xinjang, China's largest province and Uighur home, showing that the Chinese government is monitoring this ethnic minority in the country.Load-Date: October 23, 2020End of Document

Oracle Confirms 'Tech Provider' Status in TikTok Pursuit; Shares HaltedTheStreet.comSeptember 14, 2020 Monday 9:54 AM EDTCopyright 2020 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 275 wordsByline: Martin BaccardaxHighlight: Oracle said Monday that it hopes to a be 'trusted technology provider' to ByteDance as the China-based company seeks approval from the White House for the sale of its U.S. assets.BodyOracle Corp.  said Monday that it is part of a consortium presented to the U.S. government to purchase the American assets of China-based video sharing app TikTok.Oracle said it confirmed comments from Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin earlier Monday that suggest the cloud and software group could be considered a technology partner to ByteDance, TikTok's China-based parent company, as it looks to meet a September 20 deadline to sell its U.S. business or face a shutdown in its second largest market.ByteDance rejected a competing offer from Microsoft Corp. MSFT. earlier Sunday, paving the way for an Oracle-led consortium to pick up the U.S. assets. Oracle shares, which jumped 4.3% in early Monday trading, were suspended by the New York Stock Exchange at 9:33 am eastern time, when they were changing hands at $59.47 each.Multiple media reports have suggested any deal for TikTok's U.S. assets, which still needs the approval of both the U.S. and Chinese governments, will be structured as a partnership rather than an outright sale, a move that might complicate efforts to meet a September 20 deadline put forward by President Donald Trump last month.ByteDance, TikTok's China-based parent, rejected a competing offer from Microsoft Corp. MSFT. earlier Sunday, paving the way for an Oracle-led consortium to pick up the U.S. assets, both Bloomberg and Reuters have reported. Walmart WMT and Microsoft were considered front-runners for the TikTok franchise, after the world's largest retailer joined the tech giant's pursuit in late August, just days after software group Oracle indicated it was also interested in the valuable American operations. Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

A GOOD BAD IDEA FROM TIKTOKStates News ServiceSeptember 25, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 1127 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the Cato Institute:By John SamplesThe interim leader of TikTok, Vanessa Pappas, has just proposed that social media companies agree to warn one another about violent, graphic content on their platforms. Specifically, TikTok proposes a "hashbank for violent and graphic content" with a special concern about suicide videos. The company believes the hashbank and subsequent cross-platform suppression of the objectionable content would " significantly reduce the chances of people encountering it and enduring the emotional harm that viewing such content can bring."As it happens I came near some violent and graphic content this morning. A friend sent me a link to a BBC News story about "Cameroon soldiers jailed for killing women and children." The embedded video, whose label says it "contains disturbing scenes", apparently depicts the murders of two women and children. The video might be a candidate for TikTok's proposed hashbank. Using the BBC video to fix ideas, let's examine the costs and benefits of TikTok's proposal.Let's begin with where TikTok is on solid ground. Some of their users are younger people and thus may be protected from extreme speech in ways that adults should not be. But preventing adults from seeing content they wish to see is paternalistic. But there's another wrinkle here. Tiktok mentions people "encountering" objectionable content. The dictionary tells us to encounter is "to come upon or experience especially unexpectedly." If I choose to see risky content, it may be surprising but the risk is part of the choice even if it turns out to be more than I would have wanted to see ex ante. Encountering content seems more like being algorithmically chosen to view content than personally choosing to see it.Imagine the BBC video at the link began running once I loaded the page, and I viewed the murders. Perhaps I should see the murders. All of us have encountered people or events or ideas that have changed our lives for the better even though we did not choose any of them or if asked beforehand, would have declined the opportunity to meet a person or see something horrific. Encountering the deaths of four people might make me a better person or even a better employee for Cato or the Oversight Board. I would perhaps better appreciate human frailty or the sad lot of much of humanity.But I didn't watch the video. Had that video run after loading and I encountered the murders, I might suspect BBC editors had become paternalists bent on improving my moral fiber through hard lessons. A focus on "encounters" rather than choice improves the case for having a hashbank that crosses platforms.TikTok's proposal does have risks for speech. Return again to the original story. Initially Camaroonian officials said the events depicted in the video were "fake news." BBC notes that the video gained international attention and millions of views on Twitter. If the TikTok group had put the video into the new hashbank and removed it from participating platforms, such international attention might not have happened. Some might have believed the murders were indeed "fake news." The four soldiers involved might not have received 10 years each in prison for the killings.You might say all of that is unlikely given the brutality depicted in the video. But much goes on in our world, more than a little of it brutal or tragic. Unseen might well have been unknown in this case. A hashbank exists to guide takedowns from a platform not to prompt deliberation over whether the content inside should be left up or taken down. At first and even later, some companies might refuse to suppress content from the hashbank on grounds of "newsworthiness." But with time, the stigma attaching to the material in the hashbank will apply also to disturbing content that should be seen and heard. If the hashbank did not exist, companies might disagree more about graphic and violent content. Creating a single standard for bad content means everyone will make the same mistake.And some mistakes may be more than an inevitable tradeoff between false positives and false negatives. The Cameroonian government officials could not compel BBC News to bury the shocking video. Who will decide which content goes into the TikTok hashbank? No doubt many government officials across the world will be happy to see their citizens protected from graphic content. But they might also be happy to see content removed that cuts against their interests. Many credible experts believe TikTok reflects the interests of the Chinese government. Might a video of a small crackdown in 2023 in China's Xinjiang region find its way into the hashbank?How willing would American companies be able to resist U.S. officials seeking to "protect" social media users from videos of official misconduct? Social media companies in the United States are facing a tough few years of government oversight and potential regulation.They might not say "no" to officials. Indeed, if the content is graphic and a video's implications are unpopular, the easiest way forward might be the hashbank. The leaders of other nations will at one time or the other have similar interests in "protecting" their citizens from violent and graphic content.Of course, we are some distance from our starting point. BBC did not suppress the Cameroonian video; it put the killings behind a warning label. I don't think BBC News limited my rights by giving me a choice whether or not to see those murders. Others (or the parents of young people) may also wish to be protected in this limited way. (The problem of offering stronger protections to young people will not be solved by a label). Social media may act reasonably as our agents to prevent encounters (but not selection) of violent graphic content. But the hashbank seems unlikely to foster labeling as opposed to suppression of images.Many social media users might wish to avoid unexpected encounters with graphic violent content. They might hope their favorite platform will help them avoid such content while leaving users free to choose what they see. A single hashbank of graphic and violent images might facilitate social media companies helping their users in this way. But concentrating power always offers risks as well as benefits. TikTok's proposal may suppress images that are both graphic and valuable. Perhaps no one should be forced to see disturbing valuable images, but they should be available somewhere for those strong enough to care. The proposed hashbank will increase the incentives for governments and organized interests to try to suppress inconvenient images. As always, social media are free to pursue ideas as they wish. But in this case the risks to speech counsel caution.Load-Date: September 26, 2020End of Document

U.S. appeals injunction in TikTok caseDaily Skiff: Texas Christian UniversityOctober 12, 2020 MondayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 340 wordsByline: Alexandra LangBodyOver the last few months, TikTok users have watched the saga of the potential ban on the app unfold, as the fate of the app depends on an agreement between corporations and the White House.The most recent development came Oct. 8 when the White House appealed a judge's ruling that temporarily blocked the Trump administration from banning the app.The Trump administration claims the app poses a data security risk for U.S. users because its parent company, ByteDance, is based in China.TikTok has stated it would not share such data with the Chinese government, since the data is stored in the U.S. and Singapore.  Users had been hopeful for the app's future after President Trump seemed agreeable to a deal among TikTok, Walmart and Oracle to purchase it, but the agreement has not been finalized.The U.S. Department of Commerce stated it will "vigorously defend" the ban. Now the ball is in TikTok's court, as the company has until Nov. 12 to reach a deal with a U.S. corporation to save the app, after which point the government will block internet companies from "carrying the app's traffic," according to CNN.KayDianna MacKenzie's TikTok profile. Screenshot by Alexandra LangThe U.S. is not the only country considering banning TikTok. Pakistan banned the app Oct. 9 for not blocking "immoral and indecent" content, and India instituted a ban of the app due to national security concerns amid a border dispute with China. KayDianna MacKenzie, a TCU student who has over 400,000 followers on TikTok, posted a video on her eponymous account in July addressing the potential ban."We don't know anything: if it's gonna die again, if it's not, if it's gonna be resurrected again, if it's not, we're all confuzzled," she said in the video.She also encouraged her fans to follow her on other social media platforms, such as Instagram and YouTube, if the app is ultimately banned."If TikTok does get taken down again, forever, make sure you go and follow me on all my social media," she said in the video. "I will continue to post content there."Load-Date: October 13, 2020End of Document

Vision Guided Robotics Market Forecast to 2027 - COVID-19 Impact and Global Analysis by Component Type, Type, and Industry VerticalPR NewswireSeptember 15, 2020 Tuesday 1:30 PM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 976 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, Sept. 15, 2020 BodyPR NewswireIn terms of revenue, the global vision guided robotics market was valued at US$ 4,616.6 million in 2019 and is projected to reach US$ 12,958.9 million by 2027; it is expected to grow at a CAGR of 13.8% during the forecast period.Read the full report:https://www.reportlinker.com/p05967914/?utm_source=PRNThe penetration of vision guided robotics is gaining pace in diverse industries other than automotive and electronics, such as logistics, food & beverages, and machine tending among others.In the recent past, the non-automotive industries were very underpenetrated in comparison to automotive industry in the adoption of vision guided robotics.With the increasing functionality of equipment such as vision guided robots, it is anticipated that the non-automotive industries will further accelerate the adoption of vision guided robots.Apart from industries, the penetration is also increasing among countries.Developed markets including China, US and Japan has higher penetration however, there is still a lot of opportunity available for the industrial market to grow further even in the developed markets.The prospective for further robot installations is remarkable in many of these countries, particularly in non-automotive industry, but also in automotive industries in developing markets.This growth is attributed to the necessary modernization and transformation required in these markets.These statistics are promising for vision guided robotics manufacturers as it signifies the huge scope for further increase in adoption. It is expected that the low penetration will propel considerable growth during the forecast period, as long as there is a considerable support from the government to the manufacturers.The vision guided robotics is becoming increasingly entangled with Artificial Intelligence, big data as well as other such technologies.It is predicted that soon, robots will not only boost productivity but will also provide advanced smart assistance to humans.The players are significantly investing in the development of vision guided robots integrated with artificial intelligence.Further, the Chinese government expanding its efforts to integrate artificial intelligence technologies into vision guided robots.The integration of artificial intelligence in vision guided robots will further reduce the intervention of humans, which will be beneficial for countries with the inadequate and expensive labor force. However, this may also result in loss of employment in the labor-intensive economies.Key players operating in the vision guided robotics market include ABB Ltd., Fanuc Corporation, Basler AG, Cognex, ISRA Vision, Yaskawa Electric Corporation, Universal Robots AS, Denso Corporation, and Omron Corporation.Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic on Vision Guided Robotics MarketThe COVID-19 outbreak began in Wuhan, China, in December 2019, and since then, it has spread at a fast pace around the globe.As of August 2020, the US, India, Russia, Spain, Germany, China, France, Iran, and UK are some of the worst affected countries in terms of confirmed cases and reported deaths.In the wake of strong lockdown regulations imposed by the majority of the countries across the globe, the automotive and electronics sector is experiencing a significantly lower demand in respective regions. The North America region especially the U.S. witnessed an unprecedented rise in number of confirmed cases resulting in large-scale lockdown across different regions. Moreover, the retailers and brands are facing various short-term challenges regarding maintaining the supply chain activities through retailers, distributors, and suppliers of vision guided robotics across the North American countries. As a result, countries such as the US and Canada limited the production of automobiles and electronics owing to the outbreak of virus. However, owing to the ease of lockdown restrictions along with emphasis towards effective restoration of automotive industry related supply chain operations has mitigated the negative influence of the COVID over the market growth.The global vision guided robotics market size has been derived using both primary and secondary sources.To begin the research process, exhaustive secondary research has been conducted using internal and external sources to obtain qualitative and quantitative information related to the market.The process also serves the purpose of obtaining overview and forecast for the vision guided robotics market with respect to all the segments.It also provides the overview and forecast for the market based on all the segmentation provided with respect to five major regions-North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and South America.Also, multiple primary interviews have been conducted with industry participants and commentators to validate the data, as well as to gain more analytical insights into the topic. The participants who typically take part in such a process include industry experts, such as VPs, business development managers, market intelligence managers, and national sales managers, along with external consultants, such as valuation experts, research analysts, and key opinion leaders specializing in the vision guided robotics market.Read the full report:https://www.reportlinker.com/p05967914/?utm_source=PRNAboutReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Contact Clare:clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vision-guided-robotics-market-forecast-to-2027---covid-19-impact-and-global-analysis-by-component-type-type-and-industry-vertical-301131010.htmlSOURCE ReportlinkerLoad-Date: September 15, 2020End of Document

It will issue debtCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 25, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 631 wordsBodyWe learn that the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE), led by Manuel Bartlett, will issue stock certificates for 10 billion pesos, which will be used for the refinancing of the state's prosuctive company's debt.According to the information of the CFE itself, the issue will be made in three parts without exceeding the amount of 10 billion pesos. One of the certificaters will expire in 2022, the second will be until 2026 at a fixed rate, and the third will be in Investment Units (UDI's) with a deadline of 2028.S&P; Global Ratings assigned the "mxAAA" rating to the CFE issue, which is at the same level as the firm's national credit rating. The qualifier detailed that "due to the company's working capital needs and debt maturities, as well as long-term obligations such as financing, financial leases, and labor bond provisions, our projections provided for additional debt issues, so we continue to expect the company to maintain tight leverage rates."No less than Mexican cement company Cemex is diversifying its business, it was disseminated that its Segment of Cemex Ventures in partnership with Grupo Avianta are driving the first industrialized construction factory in Spain, as well as a division of design and engineering, manufacturing and installation in works of panelized construction systems and "offsite" auto parts.This factory has an area of more than 8,000 square meters, with a capacity to produce approximately 1,000 homes per year, as well as the possible reduction of up to 30% in delivery times.Monex strategists noted that although they have not disclosed details related to the start date of operations and investment amounts, the news is positive for Cemex, as said "investment in Industrialized Construction businesses, will allow it to efficient its production, operability and reduce some costs into the future".This week Citibanamex insued its Citibanamex Autocinema, which made its debut in Mexico City as a new entertainment alternative for the whole family with all the hygiene measures and with a varied billboard between classic cinema and contemporary cinema.Citibanamex autocinema has all the hygiene measures and healthy distance between the assistant vehicles. Food is ordered by means of a QR code and taken to the car by coffeemakers with mouth coverings. The maximum capacity allowed per vehicle will be 5 people and 6 per truck.Autocinema Citibanamex opened its doors in Campo Marte, next to the National Auditorium, on Paseo de la Reforma Avenue. He began operations on 21 September and will be completed on 18 October.La propuesta WalMart and Oracle's proposal to buy the popular short video app TikTok is under heavy scrutiny, White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said, adding that it is unclear what role the Chinese government will assume after the agreement.Chinese company ByteDance said it reached a preliminary agreement with both companies for its TikTok platform and now needs approval from both the United States and China, but the exact terms of the agreement remain uncertain.Although this year has been atypical and the pandemic has changed various industries, including real estate, the prospect of post-pandemic credit placement remains strong to continue housing development.Banco Inmobiliario Mexicano (BIM), led by Rodrigo Padilla has supported the housing industry in Mexico in the last seven years with 45,680 millionof pesos in signed credit, 1,709 financed real estate projects and more than 98,000 homes built throughout the country, which has earned it position itself as one of the main options for housing developers.For several years, BI has positioned itself in 6th place within financial institutions that grant bridge credits to housing construction in the country; only during the months of contingency.Load-Date: September 26, 2020End of Document

White House adviser Kudlow says TikTok deal is under heavy scrutinyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 24, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 102 wordsBodyWASHINGTON, 24 Sep (Reuters) - WalMart and Oracle's proposal to buy the popular TikTok short video app is under heavy scrutiny, White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said Thursday, adding that it is unclear what role the Chinese government will assume after the agreement.Chinese company ByteDance said it reached a preliminary agreement with both companies for its TikTok platform and now needs approval from both the United States and China, but the exact terms of the agreement remain uncertain and have not been closed. (Report by Jeff Mason; written by Susan Heavey. Edited in Spanish by Rodrigo Charme)Load-Date: September 25, 2020End of Document

US judge prevents Trump from banning TikTok for the time beingCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 28, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 610 wordsBodySAN FRANCISCO, California.- A U.S. judge issued an order this Sunday preventing Donald Trump's administration from banning downloads and updates from China's TikTok social network, something that could have happened this midnight, at least until justice re-issues. Judge Carl J. Nichols of the Federal Court of the District of Columbia thus agreed to the request of the Chinese firm's attorneys, who sought a temporary blockade of the possible ban while the two sides face off in court. Nichols' decision definitively brings to Justice a dispute that began in August, when Trump issued an executive order threatening to ban TikTok on U.S. territory if the owner firm, China's ByteDance, did not sell its business in the country to U.S. companies.   According to the President of the United States, the fact that it is an application owned by a Chinese company poses a threat of national security because of China's ties between the private sector and the Government of the Chinese Communist Party. After weeks of negotiations, ByteDance came to a beginning in agreement with the American Oracle and Walmart, which came to receive preliminary approval from the White House, but in recent days the talks were not paying off and there was a real possibility that Trump would execute his threat to ban downloads of the app when Sunday ended. A few hours before the ruling, on Sunday morning, Nichols held a hearing in which he heard the government's arguments, which stated that TikTok is a threat because it collects data about its users and, being a Chinese company, then must necessarily collaborate with that country's intelligence services.   For their part, TikTok's lawyers denied that the company shares data with Chinese authorities and argued that Trump's goal is actually to restrict freedom of expression. Alexander Berengaut, one of the company's lawyers, said:This case is about freedom of expression and freedom of communication. It's an inherent part of the business that's been targeted by the attack. TikTok is an application, but it is much more. It is a modern version of communication in the electronic age that has gained popularity especially in the pandemic." Had the judge not given ByteDance the reason and the White House had decided to go ahead with their threat, Google and Apple, which control the two major mobile virtual stores, would have been forced to withdraw TikTok from them in the United States, in compliance with the presidential order. Although only two weeks ago, the agreement between ByteDance on the one hand and Oracle and Walmart on the other seemed on track, in recent days the two sides have offered conflicting versions as to whether ByteDance would continue to be a major part of the shareholding of the new company believed to run TikTok's business in the American Union.   According to the Oracle and Walmart version - which will control 20% of the future firm - most of the new company will be U.S.-owned, but according to ByteDance, they will control the remaining 80% until their IBRO takes place with an initial public offering within about a year. The version of the agreement offered by ByteDance would therefore not satisfy the terms of Trump's executive order.   This order further states that on 12 November Commerce would fully veta the use of theimplementation in the country, something that could still happen, since for now the judge has not prevented it. TikTok, which has 100 million users in the United States and 700 million worldwide, is one of the most growing social networks in recent years, and has become the main entertainment for many teens and a marketing channel for major celebrities.Load-Date: September 29, 2020End of Document

US Justice Prevents Trump from Banning TikTokCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 28, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 598 wordsBodyA U.S. judge issued an order on Sunday preventing Donald Trump's administration from banning downloads and updates from China's TikTok social network, something that could have happened this midnight, at least until justice is re-pronounced.Judge Carl J. Nichols of the Federal Court of the District of Columbia thus agreed to the request of the Chinese firm's attorneys, who sought a temporary blockade of the possible ban while the two sides face off in court.Nichols' decision definitively brings to Justice a dispute that began in August, when Trump issued an executive order threatening to ban TikTok in the U.S. if the owner firm, China's ByteDance, did not sell its business in the country to U.S. companies.According to the President of the United States, the fact that it is an application owned by a Chinese company poses a threat of national security because of China's ties between the private sector and the Government of the Chinese Communist Party.After weeks of negotiations, ByteDance came to a beginning in agreement with the American Oracle and Walmart, which came to receive preliminary approval from the White House, but in recent days the talks were not paying off and there was a real possibility that Trump would execute his threat to ban downloads of the app when Sunday ended.A few hours before the ruling, on Sunday morning, Nichols held a hearing in which he heard the government's arguments, which stated that TikTok is a threat because it collects data about its users and, being a Chinese company, then must necessarily collaborate with that country's intelligence services. For their part, TikTok's lawyers denied that the company shares data with Chinese authorities and argued that Trump's goal is actually to restrict freedom of expression. "This case is about freedom of expression and freedom of communication. It's an inherent part of the business that's been targeted by the attack.  TikTok is an application, but it is much more. It is a modern version of communication in the electronic age that has gained popularity especially in the pandemic," said one of the company's lawyers, Alexander Berengaut. Had the judge not given ByteDance the reason and the White House had decided to go ahead with their threat, Google and Apple, which control the two major mobile virtual stores, would have been forced to withdraw TikTok from them in the United States, in compliance with the presidential order. Although only two weeks ago, the agreement between ByteDance on the one hand and Oracle and Walmart on the other seemed on track, in recent days the two sides have offered conflicting versions of whether ByteDance would continue to be a major part of the new company's shareholding believed to run TikTok's business in the US. According to the Oracle and Walmart version - which will control 20% of the future firm - most of the new company will be U.S.-owned, but according to ByteDance, they will control the remaining 80% until their IBRO takes place with an initial public offering within about a year. The version of the agreement offered by ByteDance would therefore not satisfy the terms of Trump's executive order. This order further states that on 12 November commerce would fully veta the use of the application in the country, somethingthat could still happen, since for now the judge has not prevented it. TikTok, which has 100 million users in the U.S. and 700 million worldwide, is one of the most growing social networks in recent years,and has become the main entertainment for many teens and a marketing channel for major celebrities.Load-Date: September 29, 2020End of Document

U.S. Justice Prevents Trump from Banning TikTok for the Time BeingCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 28, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 599 wordsBodyA U.S. judge issued an order on Sunday preventing Donald Trump's administration from banning downloads and updates from China's TikTok social network, something that could have happened this midnight, at least until justice re-utters.Judge Carl J. Nichols of the Federal Court of the District of Columbia thus agreed to the request of the Chinese firm's attorneys, who sought a temporary blockade of the possible ban while the two sides face off in court.Nichols' decision definitively brings to Justice a dispute that began in August, when Trump issued an executive order threatening to ban TikTok in the U.S. if the owner firm, China's ByteDance, did not sell its business in the country to U.S. companies.According to the President of the United States, the fact that it is an application owned by a Chinese company poses a threat of national security because of China's ties between the private sector and the Government of the Chinese Communist Party.After weeks of negotiations, ByteDance came to a beginning in agreement with the American Oracle and Walmart, which came to receive preliminary approval from the White House, but in recent days the talks were not paying off and there was a real possibility that Trump would execute his threat to ban downloads of the app when Sunday ended.A few hours before the ruling, on Sunday morning, Nichols held a hearing in which he heard the government's arguments, which stated that TikTok is a threat because it collects data about its users and, being a Chinese company, then must necessarily collaborate with that country's intelligence services.For their part, TikTok's lawyers denied that the company shares data with Chinese authorities and argued that Trump's goal is actually to restrict freedom of expression."This case is about freedom of expression and freedom of communication. It's an inherent part of the business that's been targeted by the attack. TikTok is an application, but it is much more. It is a modern version of communication in the electronic age that has gained popularity especially in the pandemic," said one of the company's lawyers, Alexander Berengaut.Had the judge not given ByteDance the reason and the White House had decided to go ahead with their threat, Google and Apple, which control the two major mobile virtual stores, would have been forced to withdraw TikTok from them in the United States, in compliance with the presidential order.Although only two weeks ago, the agreement between ByteDance on the one hand and Oracle and Walmart on the other seemed on track, in recent days the two sides have offered conflicting versions of whether ByteDance would continue to be a major part of the new company's shareholding believed to run TikTok's business in the US.According to the Oracle and Walmart version - which will control 20% of the future firm - most of the new company will be U.S.-owned, but according to ByteDance, they will control the remaining 80% until their IBRO takes place with an initial public offering within about a year.The version of the agreement offered by ByteDance would therefore not satisfy the terms of the executive orderTrump.This order further states that on 12 November Commerce would completely vetate the use of the application in the country, something that could still happen, since for the time being the judge has not prevented it.TikTok, which has 100 million users in the U.S. and 700 million worldwide, is one of the most growing social networks in recent years, and has become the main entertainment for many teens and a marketing channel for major celebrities.Load-Date: September 29, 2020End of Document

US Justice temporarily suspended ban on downloading TikTokCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 28, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 672 wordsBody A U.S. judge issued an order on Sunday preventing Donald Trump's administration from banning downloads and updates from China's TikTok social network, something that could have happened this midnight, at least until justice re-utters.Judge Carl J. Nichols of the Federal Court of the District of Columbia thus agreed to the request of the Chinese firm's attorneys, who sought a temporary blockade of the possible ban while the two sides face off in court.Nichols' decision definitively brings to Justice a dispute that began in August, when Trump issued an executive order threatening to ban TikTok in the US if the owner firm, China's ByteDance, did not sell its business in the country to U.S. companies.According to the President of the United States, the fact that it is an application owned by a Chinese company poses a threat of national security because of China's ties between the private sector and the Government of the Chinese Communist Party.Oracle Headquarters in Redwood, California. EFE/EPA/JOHN G. MABANGLO/File (JOHN G. MABANGLO/)After weeks of negotiations, ByteDance came to a beginning in agreement with the American Oracle and Walmart, which came to receive preliminary approval from the White House, but in recent days the talks were not paying off and there was a real possibility that Trump would execute his threat to ban downloads of the app when Sunday ended.A few hours before the ruling, on Sunday morning, Nichols held a hearing in which he heard the government's arguments, which stated that TikTok is a threat because it collects data about its users and, being a Chinese company, then must necessarily collaborate with that country's intelligence services.For their part, TikTok's lawyers denied that the company shares data with Chinese authorities and argued that Trump's goal is actually to restrict freedom of expression."This case is about freedom of expression and freedom of communication. It's an inherent part of the business that's been targeted by the attack. TikTok is an application, but it is much more. It is a modern version of communication in the electronic age that has gained popularity especially in the pandemic," said one of the company's lawyers, Alexander Berengaut.Had the judge not given ByteDance the reason and the White House had decided to go ahead with their threat, Google and Apple, which control the two major mobile virtual stores, would have been forced to withdraw TikTok from them in the United States, in compliance with the presidential order.(REUTERS/Florence Lo/Illustration/File Photo) (FLORENCE LO/)Although only two weeks ago, the agreement between ByteDance on the one hand and Oracle and Walmart on the other seemed on track, in recent days the two sides have offered conflicting versions as to whether ByteDance would continue to be a major part of the shareholding of the new company believed to run TikTok's business in the US.According to Oracle and Walmart ' which will control 20% of the future firm - most of the new company will be U.S.-owned, but according to ByteDance, they will control 80% remaining until it is eded with an initial public offering within about a year.The version of the agreement offered by ByteDance would therefore not satisfy the terms of Trump's executive order.This order further states that on 12 November Commerce would completely vetate the use of the application in the country, something that could still happen, since for the time being the judge has not prevented it.TikTok, which has 100 million users in the US and 700 million worldwide, is one of the most growing social networks in recent years, and has become the main entertainment for many teens and a marketing channel for major celebrities.With EFE informationMORE ON THIS TOPIC:TikTok collected data from its users for advertising purposes without your consentThe United States refused to extend the deadline to cede control of TikTokByteDance does not want to sell TikTok in the US and chose Oracle as a "partner" after rejecting Microsoft's offerLoad-Date: September 29, 2020End of Document

Asia-US West Coast spot rate eclipses $4,000 per FEU: Drewry indexJournal of CommerceSeptember 24, 2020 Thursday 7:17 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Commonwealth Business Media All Rights ReservedLength: 1109 wordsByline: Bill Mongelluzzo, Senior Editor | Sep 24, 2020 3:17PM EDTBodyhttps://www.joc.com/sites/default/files/field_feature_image/Drewry%20rates.png [caption caption="Drewry said the 2021-22 service contracts that carriers will sign with customers next May could likely be in the range of $2,000 to $2,500 per FEU, more than $600 higher than this year's contract rates. Photo credit: Shutterstock.com."][/caption]Spot rates from Asia to the US West Coast quoted by some carriers surged above $4,000 per FEU this week to $4,081 per FEU as shipping lines leveraged the pricing power they have achieved through consolidation, as well as their success in managing capacity, according to Drewry. But some forwarders and carriers are skeptical that rate levels have exceeded the psychological barrier.The consulting firm added that based upon the carriers' uninterrupted success in implementing general rate increases (GRIs) the past four months, the 2021-22 service contracts that carriers will sign with beneficial cargo owners (BCOs) next May could likely be in the range of $2,000 to $2,500 per FEU. That would be more than $600 per FEU higher than the current service contract rates, according to a JOC.com survey of carriers, shippers, and forwarders."Because spot rates tend to be leading indicators of contract rates, contract shippers/BCOs should start to budget for higher contract rates on most routes in 2021," Drewry said Thursday in a press release. The 2019-20 service contracts in the eastbound trans-Pacific that were signed this spring were mostly in the range of $1,300 to $1,400 per FEU.Drewry said the escalation of spot rates this year from less than $1,700 per FEU on May 22 reflects more than tight capacity on vessels leaving Asia, a strong rebound in imports by the reopening of the US economy following the lockdowns during the COVID-19 pandemic, and container shortages at many Asian ports."Unprecedented trans-Pacific spot freight rates signal that a transformation of the container shipping sector may be under way, and that shippers need to adapt," Drewry said. "Ocean carriers seem to have come to realize the opportunity presented by the COVID-19 crisis, and that by managing capacity closely, they can manage prices with potency."Drewry said its index of spot rates from Hong Kong and Shanghai to Los Angeles increased 4 percent from last week to a 15-year high of $4,081 per FEU. The spot rate from Shanghai to New York increased 3 percent week over week to $4,879 per FEU.Not all NVOs seeing $4,000 spot ratesComments from non-vessel-operating common carriers (NVOs) and carriers indicate that not all carriers in the eastbound trans-Pacific are quoting rates at or above the psychologically important $4,000 per FEU level."I just don't see it," said Jon Monroe, who serves as a consultant to NVOs. The highest spot rates he has seen this week were about $3,800 to $3,900 per FEU, which reflected a GRI of up to $150 per FEU over last week, "not $300 to $400," Monroe said.David Bennett, president of the Americas at Globe Express Services, said Thursday he has seen some carrier quotes this week at $4,000 per FEU or higher. He said those rates could be short-lived, and are driven by retailers rushing their shipments out of China before factories next week shut down for the Oct. 1-7 Golden Week holiday. Bennett said spot rates will naturally come down in the two weeks following the holiday. Factories in China will require some time to return production to normal levels, so imports from Asia will taper off. However, the Oct. 15 GRIs that a number of lines filed with the US Federal Maritime Commission (FMC) will most likely not be implemented, and spot rates may in fact have peaked for now, he said.Two carriers who spoke to JOC.com under the condition of anonymity said their lines are not quoting rates of $4,000 per FEU to the West Coast. "I see them close, but not $4,000," one carrier executive said.The spokesperson for another liner company said carriers are being cautious about raising rates too high and too fast. He cited the admonitions carriers the past two weeks received from China's Ministry of Transportation and Communications (MOT) and the FMC that regulators in the two countries are closely monitoring the impact of GRIs to ensure they do not erode the competitiveness of US importers and China's exporters.Now is not the time for carriers to push spot rates above $4,000 per FEU, the spokesperson said. "That's kind of aggressive," he added. Some carriers, including Cosco Shipping and OOCL, which are owned by the Chinese government, did not increase their spot rates in line with the warnings by China's MOT and the FMC, NVOs told JOC.com.Kevin Krause, vice president of ocean services at SEKO Logistics, said that although spot rates increased this week, he hasn't seen any $4,000 rates from the carriers SEKO ships with. However, he expects spot rates generally to remain high for a couple of weeks as the final pre-Golden Week shipments leave Asia, and then spot rates should come down a bit. Carriers seem to be heeding the recent warnings from regulators in China and the US, Krause said.Drewry said the $4,081 per FEU spot rate this week is the "regular freight rate," and does not include the higher rates that some lines charge for premium services that include rapid ocean transport from the last load port in Asia, and expedited handling of containers at marine terminals in the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. NVOs said premium services offered by Matson Navigation Co., Zim Integrated Shipping Services, and CMA CGM/APL range from $4,400 to $5,500 per FEU.Service contract rates to increase next yearDrewry advised BCOs, from large retailers to small and mid-sized shippers, to begin planning now for what almost for sure will be noticeably higher service contract rates in the 2021-22 contracts they will negotiate next spring. Shippers should seek independent forecasts on freight rates, and they should access data bases and indices such as those published by Drewry to ensure the rates they are being quoted are competitive, the consultancy said.NVOs' reactions to Drewry's forecast of $2,000 to $2,500 per FEU service contract rates next spring were also mixed."I've been saying that for awhile. No doubt about it; $2,000 to $2,500," Monroe said."I would say that is optimistic," Bennett said. However, he added that there will be so many variables at play between now and next May involving economic growth, consumer purchasing habits, equipment availability, and capacity in the trans-Pacific that, "I can't look past 30 days," he said.Contact Bill Mongelluzzo at bill.mongelluzzo@ihsmarkit.com and follow him on Twitter: @billmongelluzzo.Load-Date: October 4, 2020End of Document

How the Election Could Shift Music Industry PolicyBillboardOctober 16, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Prometheus Global Media, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; TAGLength: 715 wordsByline: Claudia RosenbaumHighlight: Trump hates TikTok. Biden called tech CEOs “little creeps.” The music business hasn’t loomed large in the campaign, but this election could change the game for societies, publishers and other industry players. Here’s what’s at stake.BodyTrump hates TikTok. Biden called tech CEOs “little creeps.” The music business hasn’t loomed large in the campaign, but this election could change the game for societies, publishers and other industry players. Here’s what’s at stake.COPYRIGHT PROTECTION“While there is no shortage of issues that differentiate Trump and Biden, music is generally not one of them,” says Daryl Friedman, chief advocacy officer for the Recording Academy. “Both candidates have a record of pro-music politics and accomplishments.”The most important policy issue in the music business right now is copyright, which both tickets have been strong on. President Donald Trump has a reputation for taking a transactional approach to intellectual property issues in treaties, but Vice President Mike Pence has been what one music lobbyist calls a “go-to back channel” for issues that affect creators and rights holders. Pence has been “incredibly supportive of creators’ rights,” according to RIAA chairman/CEO Mitch Glazier.Former Vice President Joe Biden, who for eight years served as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which has oversight over copyright, also has “a long track record of being very pro-copyright,” says David Israelite, president/CEO of the National Music Publishers’ Association. Biden has been outspoken about the importance of protecting copyright, saying that piracy is “no different than smashing a window at Tiffany’s and grabbing [merchandise].”BIG TECHBoth Trump and Biden believe that the big U.S. online tech platforms are too loosely regulated and have said they intend to restrict the protection from liability for user postings they enjoy under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Biden has said that the government is responsible for ensuring this provision isn’t abused. Trump has engaged with the issue on Twitter - which benefits from Section 230 itself - tweeting, “If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!” (Section 230 doesn’t address fairness.)“Regulation is coming to Big Tech, and rightfully so,” says Michael Hardaway, former Democratic leadership aide to Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.). “But it should be with a scalpel, which is the Democratic plan, as opposed to the sledgehammer, which is the Trump/Republican plan.”TIKTOKTrump wants the short-video platform to either cut ties with the Chinese government or pull out of the United States, on the grounds that its data collection practices could let China track U.S. government employees and “build dossiers of personal information for blackmail and conduct corporate espionage.” (In September, Oracle and Walmart announced a partnership to host TikTok’s data on U.S. consumers, but the deal is still pending; meanwhile, a federal judge has put Trump’s ban on hold.) Biden hasn’t announced his stance, but in September he called the app’s data-collection practices a “matter of general concern.”ASCAP/BMI CONSENT DECREESFor three years, Makan Delrahim, Trump’s assistant attorney general for the Department of Justice Antitrust Division, has led a review of the consent decrees that essentially regulate how ASCAP and BMI license rights - potentially good news for music publishers and songwriters, who would like to see them loosened. Although he hasn’t announced anything, Delrahim has expressed some skepticism about the current structure of the decrees, which went into effect in 1941, and in July, he hosted a two-day workshop on the issue, with speeches by LeAnn Rimes, Pharrell Williams and Jon Bon Jovi.The Barack Obama administration had close relationships with technology companies that generally oppose strong copyright protections, and its review of the decrees came out against the practice of “fractional licensing,” which allow public performing rights organizations that control part of a work to offer only that part. (A court ruled for BMI against the DOJ, and the matter was dropped.) If elected, Biden would have the authority to replace Delrahim, and some Democrats want to make antitrust a priority - but it’s hard to say what that would mean for the decrees.  Link to ImageLoad-Date: October 18, 2020End of Document

ByteDance may default U.S. deadline according to TikTok: BloombergCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 10, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 167 wordsBody10 Sep (Reuters) - ByteDance may not meet the Trump administration's deadline for the sale of TikTok's assets in the United States, as new Chinese regulations have complicated negotiations on agreements with bidders Microsoft Corp and Oracle Corp, Bloomberg reported Thursday.The company is likely to need additional time to ban the U.S. Executive Order on September 20 to reach an agreement with either party due to China's regulatory review, the report said, citing people familiar with the matter.ByteDance did not immediately respond to a request for feedback from Reuters.The Trump administration seeks to ban TikTok unless ByteDance sells short video app operations in the country, citing a potential risk to national security due to the large amount of private data the app is compiling on American consumers.ByteDance has said the Chinese government has no jurisdiction over TikTok content. (Report by Munsif Vengattil in Bangalore; edited in Spanish by Benjamin Mejías Valencia/Gabriela Donoso)Load-Date: September 11, 2020End of Document

Companies bet on TikTok even with U.S. restrictionsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 8, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 279 wordsBodyChina's TikTok, which is very successful among younger people, is at risk of being banned in the United States after the U.S. government accused it of endangering national security. However, the government's will did not discourage companies from sharing their campaigns on the acclaimed social network.John Petty, digital coordinator of the creation agency Wieden + Kennedy NY, reveals that the reason companies continue to invest in TikTok is because it currently has a big weight in the market and the impact that social networks have on advertising today.Danone's U.S. Marketing Director Linda Bethea confirmed to Reuters Petty's idea that "it's all about being where consumers are and making sure we're running our campaigns safely."TikTok gained relevance in the midst of a pandemic, and gained millions of users by entertaining them with videos and challenges while keeping them indoors. With U.S. restrictions, enforcement may be required to reduce its reach and end with the negotiations it has with various U.S. companies, or with subsidiaries of foreign companies in the United States.            Read Also U.S. Justice Prevents Trump from Banning TikTok                Americans want to ban the use of the social network because they are concerned about the information it collects and because they believe that it is later made available to the Chinese government.On November 4, the day after the presidential elections, the United States court will be discussed the possibility of banning transactions, including advertising, between the country's companies and TikTok.            Read Also DJ USA: Judge halts Ban on Downloading TikTok Imposed by Trump       Load-Date: October 9, 2020End of Document

Aollywood (Macau-Hollywood, the "Eastern Hollywood") Established the First Film Producers Association in Macau; And It Will Gradually Attract and Welcome Foreign Members to Join InBusiness WireOctober 27, 2020 Tuesday 1:22 AM GMTCopyright 2020 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 695 wordsDateline: MACAU, China BodyA few days ago, the Aollywood Producers Association held a grand inauguration ceremony in Macau. The chairman, co-chairman and secretary-general were elected, and they shall hold office for two years. The first chairman of the Aollywood is Liu Yanming, chairman of Hai Run Movies & TV Production, and Yang Shoucheng, chairman of Emperor Motion Pictures, was elected as executive chairman. The other nine co-chairmen are also forerunners in the film and television industry with outstanding performance, including Huayi Brothers Media Corporation president Wang Zhonglei; famous director and producer Li Lu; Edko Films Company president Jiang Zhiqiang; Huading Award Group chairman Wang Haige; Media Asia Group Holdings Limited president Zhuang Cheng; Joy Entertainment chairman Dong Zhaohui; the Aollywood Film Group president Fu Xiao; the China Radio and Television Association chairman Zhang Mingzhi; and famous Taiwanese producer Lai Congbi. Dai Ying, vice president of iQiyi, was elected as the secretary-general.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20201027006279/en/"Aollywood Producers Association" establishment ceremony. (Photo: Business Wire)The Aollywood, which is hailed as "Eastern Hollywood" by the media, was co-sponsored by hundreds of famous and cross-straits leaders of the television and entertainment industry, including Wang Haige, Wang Zhonglei, Liu Yanming, Gong Yu, Hong Jinbao, Niu Ben, Wen Jun, Liu Jiang, Chen Baoguo, Sarina, Gong Hanlin, Wang Likun, etc. On June 18, 2020, as the first filming base of the Aollywood was completed and hanged its shingle in Xianghe, China, it marked the official launch of the project which benchmarks the Hollywood in the United States. The Aollywood will take advantage of Macau and the Chinese government supports of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area to attract 100 leading entertainment and technology companies around the world, and to promote employment by leading 3000 upstream and downstream film and television firms to join in within five years. In the future, the Aollywood will become another cultural industry cluster of Macao's diversifications with hundreds of billions in output value.The Aollywood covers nine commercial fields, including film and television production and distribution, music, animation, artificial intelligence, entertainment industry, art industry, influencers base, sports and e-sports, involving many industrial chains.In an interview, President Liu Yanming revealed that the Aollywood has an ambitious goal with a large structure and a high level. To break the shackles of Macau's film and television industry, they should improve professionalism, create high-quality products, open up good industry channels, go out of the market and invite others in. He believes that the Aollywood will work with the other brother associations to create the Aollywood brand and to create more good works that show the strong appeal of films and television. It will become a symbol of the GBA that gathers worldwide culture and art and a carrier of the GBA's idea, which is to absorb advanced ideas from all fields of the world. The Aollywood will make the GBA a real global film and technology center.The Aollywood Producers Association is another important organization launched by the Aollywood after the establishment of the "Aollywood Film Critics Association." It is an industry-based and non-profit social group that gathers many cross-straits film and television practitioners, including film producers and corporate legal persons, general managers, independent producers, production directors, screenwriters, directors, and professional actors. The purpose of this association is to promote the sound development and enhance the professional level of the film and television industry in the GBA and to push the film and television industry into a new pattern. They will invest the valuable, high-level and positive film and television works, unite resources, develop together and complement advantages.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20201027006279/en/CONTACT: 1. GTMG PR & Marketing Manager: Sofia DingEmail: sofiading@gtmg1996.comContact: 949-378-09612. Project Assistant: Linlin ZhangEmail: dnaery@163.comhttp://www.businesswire.comGraphic "Aollywood Producers Association" establishment ceremony. (Photo: Business Wire)Load-Date: October 27, 2020End of Document

Global Drone Analytics Market (2020 to 2025) - Growth, Trends, and ForecastsGlobeNewswireOctober 12, 2020 Monday 3:39 AM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1314 wordsBodyDublin, Oct.  12, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Drone Analytics Market - Growth, Trends, and Forecasts (2020 - 2025)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.   The Drone Analytics Market is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of over 15% during the forecast period. Drones have redefined and enhanced the productivity of numerous industries within a short period. Drones have been deployed for security monitoring, safety inspections, asset monitoring and surveillance, storm tracking, logistics, and to broadly study the environment by scanning remote areas.However, the use of drones and their capabilities are limited by the laws and regulations of the country, the end-user is based. For instance, the FAA has imposed several stringent regulations on drones. According to the current FAA regulations, all drones in the US must have a pilot at the controls and be within the pilot's line of sight. However, the US-based companies are petitioning the FAA for waivers to the line-of-sight rule. In August 2018, the first such waiver was granted to PrecisionHawk, an aerial data analysis company, after they provided a year's worth of drone flight safety data. The existence of stringent operational regulations in other countries may impede the growth prospects of the market.The next generation of drones is envisioned to be powered by artificial intelligence. Aerial AI is capturing loads of data on a real-time basis, opening a new world for looking over complex physical structures, and analyzing the captured data for defects. For instance, automated UAVs can scan blades on wind turbines and via onboard AI models, can detect defects and provide recommendations on necessity and timescale of maintenance. The introduction of AI in drones is envisioned to have a profound positive effect on the current capabilities of a drone, and would severely augment the potential applications of the drones in several industries.Key Market TrendsIncreasing Investments Towards Developing Sophisticated Drone SoftwareSince drone analytics is an emerging field with a range of potential applications, industrial conglomerates, chip companies, and IT consulting firms have pumped in significant financial resources to incubate and develop envisioned capabilities in the current generation of drones, both via a hardware and software upgrade. It is estimated that in the last 7 years, investments of about USD 2 billion have been attracted by the drone startups including OEMs and related companies in the supply chain. Also, with the market trends becoming clearer, both in terms of technology and the end-user, the investors have started focusing their investments on selected companies that seem to have higher growth potential. Typical examples include areas such as drone delivery, security, and mining. For instance, the medical drone delivery company Zipline announced new funding that brought the company valuation to USD 1.2 billion. Also, the automated drone-in-a-box solution Percepto announced a new round of funding amounting to USD 15 million. Besides, drone analytics companies are collaborating to address the specific requirements of the plethora of drone applications. For instance, in January 2020, AI-powered visual inspections pioneer Neurala announced a collaboration with drone service provider AviSight to provide end-to-end service to inspection customers who require a complete solution for drone-based inspections of critical infrastructure, including Beyond Visual Line of Sight (BVLOS) operations. Similarly, in February 2020, Neurala collaborated with Optelos, the developer of the drone industry's first patented enterprise SaaS platform designed to fully operationalize digital asset inspection and management. Optelos' platform is integrated with Neurala's vision AI platform, Brain Builder, to improve the efficacy and efficiency of the defect and object identification. Similar collaborative efforts are envisioned to drive the business prospects of the drone analytics market during the forecast period.Asia-Pacific to Experience the Highest Growth During the Forecast PeriodThe recent changes in drone regulations in several countries across the region are expected to support the growth of the market. China became the global hub for drone manufacturing in the past six years. About 70% of the global civilian drone market is supported by China, which had about 1,200 drone manufacturers at the beginning of 2019 (up from 130 manufacturers in 2013). The Chinese government is providing various subsidy schemes and other favorable domestic policies for drone purchases to promote the adoption of drones in various industrial sectors. The growing application areas of drones are simultaneously propelling the demand for these UAVs in China. The increasing demand for drones for monitoring, inspection, surveying, and surveillance applications in the construction, agriculture, infrastructure, energy, telecommunications, mining, and insurance industries is propelling the growth of the drone analytics market in China. Also, Australia has emerged as a major industrial hub in Asia-Pacific, which is witnessing the rising importance of BVLOS testing. As of July 2019, there were more than 1,200 drone operators in Australia. These operators are rapidly developing technologies and services to support the large drone ecosystem. The supportive drone regulations in Australia introduced by the Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA), in support of many domestic and international players, are helping the penetration of drones into many applications.Competitive LandscapeThe drone analytics market is highly fragmented and hence new market players that operate at regional and local levels are also able to enhance their market share by leveraging their products based on cost differentiation and superior technical capabilities. Thus, to retain market dominance, the prominent market players, such as DroneDeploy, Inc., Kespry Inc., Neurala, Inc., DroneSense, Inc., and PrecisionHawk, Inc. are keenly investing in the development of new technology to upgrade their existing service portfolio. Rising competition is anticipated to drive innovation in the market, thereby helping the drone analytics industry to address user compliance issues, address the service limitations, and overcome existing challenges in the field of emerging sectors, such as healthcare mobility.Reasons to Purchase this report: • The market estimate (ME) sheet in Excel format• 3 months of analyst supportKey Topics Covered:   1 INTRODUCTION1.1 Study Assumptions1.2 Scope of the Study2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Market Overview4.2 Market Drivers4.3 Market Restraints4.4 Porter's Five Forces Analysis4.4.1 Threat of New Entrants4.4.2 Bargaining Power of Buyers/Consumers4.4.3 Bargaining Power of Suppliers4.4.4 Threat of Substitute Products4.4.5 Intensity of Competitive Rivalry5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 Industry5.1.1 Construction5.1.2 Agriculture5.1.3 Energy5.1.4 Law Enforcement5.1.5 Mining5.1.6 Other Industries5.2 Geography5.2.1 North America5.2.1.1 United States5.2.1.2 Canada5.2.2 Europe5.2.2.1 Germany5.2.2.2 United Kingdom5.2.2.3 France5.2.2.4 Rest of Europe5.2.3 Asia-Pacific5.2.3.1 India5.2.3.2 China5.2.3.3 Japan5.2.3.4 Rest of Asia-Pacific5.2.4 Rest of World6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Vendor Market Share6.2 Company Profiles6.2.1 AeroVironment Inc.6.2.2 Kespry Inc.6.2.3 DroneDeploy, Inc.6.2.4 Delta Drone6.2.5 PrecisionHawk, Inc.6.2.6 Pix4D SA6.2.7 Dronifi6.2.8 Sentera, LLC6.2.9 AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc.6.2.10 optelos6.2.11 DroneSense, Inc.6.2.12 Neurala, Inc.6.2.13 Scale AI, Inc.7 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDS  For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/7wlimu Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research. CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Load-Date: October 12, 2020End of Document

Briefing.com: Story Stocks (R)Briefing.comSeptember 21, 2020 Monday 10:37 AM ESTCopyright 2020 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 571 wordsBodyStory Stocks (R)Updated: 21-Sep-20Quotes at time of story, top stories today: 10:3810:38 ETOracle and Walmart clock in with TikTok investment, possibly concluding this winding venture:The path to resolving the TikTok ordeal has been a winding one, but a potential resolution materialized over the weekend. TikTok plans to form a new company called TikTok Global that will cater to its 100 mln U.S. users. while adhering to U.S. privacy laws.Within the next twelve months, TikTok Global will launch an IPO in the U.S., opening the company up to American investors.Those investors will include Oracle (ORCL) and Walmart (WMT), which will participate in a pre-IPO financing round concluding with ORCL and WMT establishing stakes of 12.5% and 7.5%, respectively, in the new company.Furthermore, ORCL is landing a major cloud computing deal by hosting TikTok's treasure trove of data.Recall that one week ago, the companies worked out a deal that made ORCL a technology partner of TikTok's. While the partnership reportedly included moving TikTok's data to ORCL's cloud data centers, it did not involve an ownership stake. The deal also allowed TikTok's parent company, ByteDance, to retain the algorithm that fuels the social media app.Without U.S. ownership, this original arrangement didn't placate President Trump, who has expressed national security concerns regarding the China-based app.This new deal, which also calls for four out of five of TikTok's board members to be American, has Trump's blessing. However, the Chinese government hasn't officially signed off on it, leaving some uncertainty as to whether this transaction will settle in its current form.Other question marks remain.Bloomberg reported that ByteDance is seeking a $60 bln valuation for TikTok, penciling out to investments of $7.5 bln for ORCL and $4.5 bln WMT. These amounts have not been confirmed.Additionally, it appears that ByteDance will hang onto the algorithm, instead giving ORCL the ability to perform security checks using TikTok's source codes. The lack of access to the algorithm could be a sticking point for the U.S. government to formally approve of the deal.If this agreement does go through, it looks like a winning proposition for both ORCL and WMT.For ORCL, the company can structure and monetize TikTok's rapidly expanding data. Bringing TikTok on board also accelerates ORCL's transition towards cloud computing, while also diversifying its business by adding social media to the mix.TikTok may seem like an unusual fit for WMT. However, this deal may be a shrewd move because the data uncovered from TikTok users will help WMT quickly identify shopping trends. In turn, WMT's inventory management should improve.WMT may also create a real-time marketplace that will enable it to send timely promotions directly to TikTok users.The cherry on top is that ORCL and WMT could reap the rewards of a successful TikTok IPO.This is a complicated situation in which ORCL, WMT, and TikTok must appease two governments at odds with each other, while also arranging a financially-viable solution for all parties. It appears that the companies may have threaded that needle, but final terms and conditions could still change at the last moment in this unpredictable process.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 21, 2020End of Document

Why you should be calling dishonor on "Mulan" 2020The Georgia State University: Georgia State UniversityOctober 13, 2020 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 564 wordsBodyIllustration by Monique Rojas | The SignalMickey Mouse is at it again with another one of those live-action remakes.I love the 1998 Disney film "Mulan"; it's one of my favorite movies, and I have seen it at least more than 10 times. Obsessive, I know. Which means I, of course, couldn't help but be excited about the live-action remake (even though I knew it undoubtedly wouldn't be as good). I am sure you all remember the story of Mulan: A young girl who is incapable of making a match and upholding her family's honor decides to take her father's place in the Chinese army by impersonating a warrior. In the face of adversity, she rises to the top of her regiment and achieves her family honor in the most unlikely circumstances. It is a story of valuing each other's differences by fighting the status quo.  Last month, Disney released a recycled version of another classic cartoon as a live-action film. Disney released it on Disney+ for a premium of $29.99, aside from subscription fees already required of subscribers. The film was released amid mounting controversy and calls to boycott a year before its release. Let's get down to business. Last year, at the height of the Hong Kong protests, Disney's "Mulan" lead actress Liu Yifei reposted in Chinese on her Weibo, a social media platform similar to Twitter, in support of the Hong Kong police. The post read, "I support the Hong Kong police. You can all attack me now." The post follows in English with "what a shame for Hong Kong." Soon after, pro-democracy protesters and human rights activists started #BoycottMulan, drawing attention to Yifei's stance on the police's misconduct.  What is particularly damn is that Yifei is a naturalized American and enjoys American freedoms. Some interpreted her police support as forced; it has been previously found that Chinese actors are pressured to express government support. Perhaps she wishes for a unified China - not that it justifies police violence of any sort. However, the actress has not refuted these statements nor provided disclaimers. I can overlook this post, hoping that there are broader factors at play, but "a single grain of rice can tip the scale." Disney filmed parts of the film in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, site of concentration and reeducation camps of the Uighurs, a predominantly Muslim non-Han Chinese ethnic group. To further damage Mickey Mouse's squeaky-clean reputation, Disney's final film credits thanks the Xinjiang government, especially the Chinese Communist Party's "publicity department." The credits reveal that Mickey Mouse has turned a blind eye to the injustices occurring right next door to its film production in its ravenous hunger to turn a profit. Disney has not responded to these controversies - Alan Horn, co-chairman and chief creative officer of Walt Disney Studios, said it doesn't "want to be dragged into a political discussion."But there's no need; no comment can fix Mickey Mouse's mistakes in both the Hong Kong protests and the "thank you" note to a country guilty of human rights horrors that it has consistently denied.  Disney has taken a story of fighting about individuality and celebrating differences and devalued it by supporting a government against this very idea. So, for this worthy cause, join me in declaring, "Dishonor! Dishonor on your whole family! Dishonor on you! Dishonor on your cow!"Load-Date: October 13, 2020End of Document

Kadant Declares Cash DividendGlobeNewswireSeptember 17, 2020 Thursday 1:32 PM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: DIVIDEND REPORTS AND ESTIMATESLength: 706 wordsBodyWESTFORD, Mass., Sept.  17, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kadant Inc. (NYSE: KAI) announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of $0.24 per share to be paid on November 12, 2020 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 15, 2020. Future declarations of dividends are subject to Board approval and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change.About KadantKadant Inc. is a global supplier of high-value, critical components and engineered systems used in process industries worldwide. Our products, technologies, and services play an integral role in enhancing process efficiency, optimizing energy utilization, and maximizing productivity in resource-intensive industries. Kadant is based in Westford, Massachusetts, with approximately 2,700 employees in 20 countries worldwide. For more information, visit www.kadant.com. Safe Harbor StatementThe following constitutes a "Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including forward-looking statements about our business, financial performance and cash dividend program. These forward-looking statements represent our expectations as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in Kadant's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2019 and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These include risks and uncertainties relating to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operating and financial results; adverse changes in global and local economic conditions; the variability and difficulty in accurately predicting revenues from large capital equipment and systems projects; our customers' ability to obtain financing for capital equipment projects; international sales and operations; health epidemics; changes to government regulations and policies around the world; policies of the Chinese government; the variability and uncertainties in sales of capital equipment in China; levels of residential construction activity; reductions by our wood processing customers of their capital spending or production of oriented strand board; changes to the global timber supply; cyclical economic conditions affecting the global mining industry; development and use of digital media; currency fluctuations; demand for coal, including economic and environmental risks associated with coal; price increases or shortages of raw materials; dependence on certain suppliers; our acquisition strategy; failure of our information systems or breaches of data security and cybertheft; compliance with government regulations and policies and compliance with laws; implementation of our internal growth strategy; competition; soundness of suppliers and customers; changes in our tax provision or exposure to additional tax liabilities; our ability to successfully manage our manufacturing operations; disruption in production; future restructurings; economic conditions and regulatory changes caused by the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union; our debt obligations; restrictions in our credit agreement and note purchase agreement; substitution of an alternative index for LIBOR; loss of key personnel and effective succession planning; protection of intellectual property; fluctuations in our share price; soundness of financial institutions; environmental laws and regulations; climate change; environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; adequacy of our insurance coverage; anti-takeover provisions; and reliance on third-party research.ContactsInvestor Contact Information:Michael McKenney, 978-776-2000IR@kadant.com orMedia Contact Information:Wes Martz, 269-278-1715media@kadant.comLoad-Date: September 17, 2020End of Document

Post-Covid economyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 27, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 476 wordsBodyAll of the above requires analyzing trends and responding with the most appropriate economic policies. > > How to react in the midst of an earthquake near the sea, both to exceed its costs and to prevent the tsunami? Great challenge for economic policy decision-makers: this year's coup must be cushioned, knowing that we must prepare for ponytails that will come as a result.> > In the short term the world will have a compressed economy. The IMF recently published its projections with an expected drop of 4.4% for global activity in 2020 and a recovery of 5.2% by 2021. Comparing the expected performance of global GDP compared to what was expected to be pre-pandemic, once 2021 closed, the global economy will be 6.5% smaller than it would have been.> > Those countries with the highest pre-Covid growth are the ones with the lowest economic loss in 2021, compared to expected. We made our calculations based on IMF projections for each of the countries and confirmed that those that came well prior to the coronavirus eruption are the fastest recoverers, and they are the ones with the best future prospects.> > In the meantime, the overall interest rate is at historic lows and is expected to continue like this for at least two more years.> > No one doubts that the pandemic accelerated automation. This is expressed by the main executives of the companies and confirmed by the robot sales data. > > According to the International Robotics Federation in three years, robots are duplicated for all uses. They expect sales of industrial robots to be doubled for inspection, maintenance, logistics, construction and demolition; with a strong impact on employment.> > In this context, public assistance to the people and SMEs most affected is going to have to continue for a while. Even the IMF suggests this, speculation appears for countries that have good > > access to credit. Some believe that by highlighting the ties between human health and the environment, the pandemic accelerates the adoption of a green international agenda funded by global powers in the style of a new "Marshall Plan".> > However, at the same time we hear about the end of the global institutional order established by the US after World War II that led to the liberalization of international trade and finance. Many argue that the pandemic weakened Western economies relative to China, and therefore the Chinese government and companies will reformulate global institutions and standards to piacere. > > We also hear about the risk of a new authoritarian order driven by mass unemployment, inequality and community disruption. > > Finally we think the most likely scenario is more of the same: strong US-China rivalry with some weakening global institutions, others are improved and others are invented. The United States will remain the main power, but with less influence.Load-Date: October 28, 2020End of Document

Trump votes -- for himself, naturallyStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeOctober 27, 2020 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: WORLD NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 287 wordsByline: Steven ClarkeBodyStatewide in Florida, 641,324 Republicans have voted early this week compared to 499,802 Democrats, according to the Florida Secretary of State's website.The president voted at a library that served as a voting center in Palm Beach, Florida.A Florida poll supervisor had his hands full getting supporters of President Donald Trump to obey distance rules as they waited for Trump to cast his own ballot at an early voting site in West Palm Beach, Florida.Trump, who is now trailing Biden in the polls, voted at a library serving as a polling center.Trump, who owns the Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, changed his residency status to the Sunshine State from his native NY in 2019.While voting, he wore a mask, which is rare for the president, who has played down the pandemic.China to take reciprocal countermeasures against six USA media outletsThe Chinese government says it will impose sanctions on United States firms and individuals involved in arms sales to Taiwan. Beijing says Taiwan is an inviolable part of China to be reclaimed, by force if necessary."It was a very secure vote"."It was a very secure vote, much more secure than when you send in a ballot"."Everything was ideal, very strict, right by the rules. When you send in your ballot, it could never be secure like that", he said.Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden has not yet voted and will likely do so in person in DE on election day November 3rd.The former vice president pushed back hard on Trump's lack of a COVID-19 plan during Thursday's night final presidential debate, and now his campaign is capitalizing on that point with a hilarious new gag website.Mr Trump said at a rally in Florida on Friday that he would be happy to vote in person.Load-Date: October 27, 2020End of Document

Bright Scholar Schedules Unaudited Financial Results for Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Ended August 31, 2020PR NewswireOctober 15, 2020 Thursday 6:00 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 606 wordsDateline: FOSHAN, China, Oct. 15, 2020 BodyPR Newswire Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited ("Bright Scholar," the "Company," "we" or "our" ) (NYSE: BEDU), a global premier education service company, today announced that it will release its unaudited financial results for the fourth fiscal quarter and fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, on November 11, 2020, after the US market closes.The earnings press release will be available on the investor relations page athttp://ir.brightscholar.com.Conference CallBEDU's management will host a conference call at8:00 am US Eastern Time (9:00 pm Beijing/Hong Kong Time) on November 12, 2020, to discuss its quarterly results and recent business activities.To participate in the conference call, please dial the following number five to ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time:*No passcode is needed for the call. Please request to join Bright Scholar Education Holdings Ltd.'s call as you dial in.The Company will also broadcast a live audio webcast of the conference call. The webcast will be available athttp://ir.brightscholar.com/.Following the earnings conference call, an archive of the call will be available by dialing:About Bright Scholar Education Holdings LimitedBright Scholar is a global premier education service company, dedicated to providing quality international education to global students and equipping them with the critical academic foundation and skillsets necessary to succeed in the pursuit of higher education. Bright Scholar also complements its international offerings with Chinese government-mandated curriculum for students who wish to maintain the option of pursuing higher education in China. As of May 31, 2020, Bright Scholar operated 80 schools across ten provinces in China and eight schools overseas, covering the breadth of K-12 academic needs of its students. In the nine months ended May 31, 2020, Bright Scholar had an average of 51,970 students enrolled at its schools.Safe Harbor StatementThis announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the Company's business plans and development, which can be identified by terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "aim," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "potential," "continue," "is/are likely to" or other similar expressions. Such statements are based upon management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions and relate to events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control, which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties or factors is included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under law.IR Contact:GCM Strategic CommunicationsEmail:BEDU.IR@gcm.internationalMedia Contact:Email:media@brightscholar.comPhone: +86-757-6683-2507 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bright-scholar-schedules-unaudited-financial-results-for-fourth-fiscal-quarter-and-fiscal-year-2020-ended-august-31-2020-301153001.htmlSOURCE Bright Scholar Education Holdings Ltd.Load-Date: October 15, 2020End of Document

Delayed results could boost disinformation; Federal agencies warn of loophole for bad actorsUSA TODAYSeptember 24, 2020 ThursdayFIRST EDITIONCopyright 2020 Gannett Company, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 2ALength: 475 wordsByline: Kristine Phillips and Kevin Johnson, USA TODAYBodyWASHINGTON - The FBI and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency  warned that foreign actors and cybercriminals could try to discredit the electoral process by spreading false information as state and election officials work to certify 2020 election results.The widespread use of mail-in ballots because of COVID-19 will cause delays in announcing the results of elections, as some states allow the ballots to be postmarked on election day."Foreign actors and cybercriminals could exploit the time required to certify and announce elections' results by disseminating disinformation that includes reports of voter suppression, cyberattacks targeting election infrastructure, voter or ballot fraud, and other problems intended to convince the public of the elections' illegitimacy," the agencies said in a public service announcement released Tuesday.The agencies said false information could be found on social media or new or altered websites. The agencies urge people to think critically about the sources of information they consume.An intelligence assessment published last month found that Russia is actively working to "denigrate" Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden. The findings by the National Counter-Intelligence and Security Center called out pro-Russia Ukraine parliamentarian Andriy Derkach for spreading false corruption claims to undermine Biden's presidential bid.The assessment also concluded that China saw President Donald Trump as "unpredictable" and wants him to lose the election.FBI Director Christopher Wray testified before a House panel last week that Russia remains "very active" in its effort to sow discord in the U.S. electoral process. Reports by the Senate Intelligence Committee have backed findings by former special counsel Robert Mueller that Russia sought to sway the 2016 presidential race in Trump's favor.Trump attacked Wray following his testimony, telling reporters Friday that he "did not like" the FBI director's answers."The big problem is China, and why he doesn't want to say that ... that certainly bothers me," said Trump, who has frequently tried to discredit evidence of Russian interference and has unleashed relentless attacks on the legitimacy of mail-in voting.Attorney General William Barr echoed Trump, telling CNN that China, not Russia, is the most aggressive in efforts to interfere in U.S. elections."Because I've seen the intelligence. That's what I've concluded," Barr said, declining to elaborate further.On Tuesday, Facebook said it removed fake accounts and pages that originated from China and posted content favoring and opposing Trump, Biden and former Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg.The company, however, said the activity was not linked to the Chinese government and gained very little following.Contributing: David Jackson and Joey Garrison Load-Date: September 24, 2020End of Document

New Study Finds Smooth Digital Transactions "Essential to Business Survival" During and After Pandemic; Economist Intelligence Unit and TransUnion report highlights which emerging technologies could present challenges for and increase fraud prevention, economic inclusion and consumer privacyGlobeNewswireOctober 22, 2020 Thursday 6:00 AM PTCopyright 2020 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT; ECONOMIC RESEARCH AND REPORTSLength: 1095 wordsBodyCHICAGO, Oct.  22, 2020  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- A new global study by the Economist Intelligence Unit and TransUnion (NYSE: TRU) has overwhelmingly found the key to whether or not companies go out of business hinges on providing consumers friction-right digital transactions. Nearly 85% of global executives surveyed as part of the study said they believe smooth digital transactions are "essential to business survival" rather than merely a competitive edge.Overwhelmingly Global Executives Believe Smooth Digital Transactions are Essential to SurvivalBrazil Canada Chile China Colombia Dominican Republic Hong Kong India Philippines South Africa U.K. U.S. 90%79%87%78%81%78%83%94%84%88%83%86%"COVID-19 has dramatically accelerated digital transformation with 61% of our survey respondents saying their organization has changed their digital transaction process due to the pandemic," said Shai Cohen, senior vice president of Global Fraud Solutions at TransUnion. "But all of this digital progress will be wiped out if we can't remove these barriers to building bilateral digital trust. For instance, two-thirds of executives in the study who said their company changed their digital transaction process as a result of the pandemic experienced glitches."The report, "New Dimensions of Change: Building Trust in a Digital Consumer Landscape," included responses from 1,610 executives in Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, the Dominican Republic, Hong Kong, India, the Philippines, South Africa, the U.K. and the U.S. The research uncovered how technologies like artificial intelligence (AI), national digital IDs1 and super-apps2 can help overcome hurdles and possibly create new challenges to building digital trust.Artificial Intelligence (AI), Biometrics and National Digital IDs Will Play an Increasingly Important Role in Fraud Prevention Overwhelmingly respondents answered that: 1) biometrics3 will be the dominant payment customer authentication method; 2) improved fraud detection and security is the greatest benefit to using AI; and 3) a national digital ID system will help prevent consumer fraud.Approximately 85% of executives say biometrics are likely to be used to authenticate the vast majority of payments in the next 10 years. About 43% of respondents noted that improved fraud detection and security is the greatest benefit to using AI. This was the top selection by far with smoother customer experience being the second most used answer at 29%. Furthermore, the vast majority of executives, 79%, think national digital IDs will help fraud prevention in consumer transactions."Ensuring consumer trust starts with preventing fraud. Our research overwhelmingly showed that biometrics, AI and national digital IDs aren't just a fad for consumer fraud prevention. They are key for trusted commerce for the foreseeable future," Cohen continued._______________1 National digital ID initiatives are government-administered programs to provide a digital identity to residents, often using biometric data to authenticate identity.2 Super-apps are single digital portals, predominantly accessed via smartphones, through which customers access and pay for third-party products and services.3 Biometrics are defined as fingerprint, facial recognition or voice authentication methods.National Digital IDs Hold the Key to Economic InclusionSeven in 10 executives believe a national digital ID gives low-income groups access to consumer services they would have previously been excluded from. By industry, respondents from consumer lending and telecommunications are most likely to think such IDs give lower-income groups access to services they might otherwise lack. Both industries have led the way over the last decade in reaching the community of financially-underserved customers, manifested in innovations like microfinance and mobile money.Executives Believe Consumers are Comfortable Sharing Personal DataNearly 73% of executives believe consumers are comfortable sharing personal data with private companies and 71% with governments. Brazilian, Chinese and Dominican Republican executives have vastly differing views about whether or not consumers are willing to share data with private companies versus government bodies (more than 10% difference in each country between sharing with governments and companies). Chinese respondents believe consumers are much more comfortable sharing personal data with government bodies than companies. Brazilian and Dominican Republican executives have the opposite belief. "Technological innovations like AI, biometrics and national digital IDs paired with proven fraud prevention methods like device intelligence can provide a more convenient and inclusive way for consumers to transact that still protects security and privacy," Cohen concluded.For the survey findings and registration information for a Dec. 3 webinar about the study, go to the report website.About TransUnion (NYSE: TRU)TransUnion is a global information and insights company that makes trust possible in the modern economy. We do this by providing a comprehensive picture of each person so they can be reliably and safely represented in the marketplace. As a result, businesses and consumers can transact with confidence and achieve great things. We call this Information for Good.®TransUnion Global Fraud Solutions unite both consumer and device identities to detect threats across markets while ensuring friction-right user experiences. The solutions, all part of the IDVision® with iovation® suite, fuse traditional data science with machine learning to provide businesses unique insights about consumer transactions, safeguarding tens of millions of transactions each day.A leading presence in more than 30 countries across five continents, TransUnion provides solutions that help create economic opportunity, great experiences and personal empowerment for hundreds of millions of people.http://www.transunion.com/businessAbout The Economist Intelligence UnitThe EIU is the thought leadership, research and analysis division of The Economist Group and the world leader in global business intelligence for executives and professionals. We uncover novel and forward-looking perspectives with access to more than 750 analysts, experts and in-country contributors that produce best-in-class intelligence for over 200 countries and regions. More information can be found on www.eiuperspectives.economist.com. Follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.Contact     Dave BlumbergTransUnion   E-mail dblumberg@transunion.com   Telephone 312-972-6646   Load-Date: October 22, 2020End of Document

What does 5G technology promise? After the launch of the iPhoneCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 14, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 542 wordsBodyThe advertised "5G" network has several meanings, depending on the person.It is the next major innovation in the field of wired internet communications. It is also the focus of the technology of the future,the control of which will be disputed by the United States and China. For ordinary people, it's a mystery.What exactly is 5G technology? Will we find out when it's working? WHAT DOES 5G MEAN? 5G is a new fifth generation mobile network that promises much faster connection speeds,lower "latency" (network response time) and the ability to connect multiple devices at once smoothly.5G networks will be able to better handle numerous users, sensors and heavy traffic.Before it can be used, telephone companies and phone manufacturers must be renewed. Phones require new chips and radio antennas that can work with the new network.The telephones have been preparing, modernizing their equipment, acquiring pieces of the radio spectrum to be able to handle 5G signals and installing new antennas in the telephone towers, electrical lines and street lights.WHEN WILL THE 5G NETWORK BE AVAILABLE? It depends on the country, but probably in a few years and does not reach all rural areas.You have to be careful. Phone companies are trying to incorporate the new technology and some already talk about 5G,when it's not actually available yet.When the network is ready, you will need a phone that can use it. There are already versions of Android capable of doing so and on Tuesday Apple released its first iPhone for 5G.One can continue to use old 4G phones, but will not connect to 5G networks when available. WHAT CAN A 5G PHONE DO? There's a lot of talk about the goodness of this network. It is said that you will be able to connect sensors from different networks and allow you to better handle vehicle traffic and more quickly identify street lights that do not work. You will be able to connect autonomous vehicles and make way for new virtual and augmented reality applications. Its fast connections will facilitate remote operations and other forms of telemedicine, help companies and factories automate their operations, and provide companies with dedicated high-speed internet lines.                                           For the U.S. government, 5G is the backbone technology of a future that the United States will struggle to control with China. Photo: AP                    "The speed of 5G, and even faster broadbands, will make apps more advanced and the emergence of new Flickr, YoutTube and Snapchats apps. We still don't knowwhich ones, " said Benedict Evans, Andreessen Horowitz's partner, aSilicon Valley venture capital firm, on a 2019 blog.At the consumer level, the immediate impact will be less. Movies and other videos can be downloaded faster. Thelander says phones will work best in crowded places, such as stadiums.ANY SECURITY CONCERNS? 5G networks are a source of growing tensions between the United States and China. The U.S. government is eradicating Chinese technology in the field of security communications and is pressuring other countries to prohibit Chinese firm Huawei from installing 5G networks.The U.S. government has been suspecting for years that the Chinese can use Huawei's network to spy. Huawei denies it.Load-Date: October 15, 2020End of Document

Ambow Education Announces Second Quarter 2020 Financial ResultsPR NewswireSeptember 15, 2020 Tuesday 9:00 AM ESTCopyright 2020 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1526 wordsDateline: BEIJING, Sept. 15, 2020 BodyPR NewswireAmbow Education Holding Ltd. ("Ambow" or the "Company") (NYSE American: AMBO), a leading national provider of educational and career enhancement services in China, today announced its unaudited financial and operating results for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2020.Dr. Jin Huang, Ambow's President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "Since various measures that the Chinese government implemented to constrain the COVID-19 outbreak were gradually relaxed during the second quarter, the majority of our schools, tutoring centers and training offices reopened with operations gradually returning to normalcy. As such, our second quarter financial performance significantly improved on a quarter-over-quarter basis, highlighted by a 2,600 basis points increase in Gross Margin. We maintained healthy operating efficiency and profitability with a positive net income in the first half of 2020, demonstrating our capability to navigate the dynamic market during the unprecedented challenging times. Striving for increasing enrollment across all Ambow programs while also deploying stringent cost controls, we are confident in our ability to drive profitable growth and strengthen our leadership position in the career enhancement market in China.""Amid pandemic-related and broad-based economic challenges, we remain focused on delivering high quality educational technologies and services to address personalized learning needs in a dynamic learning environment. With the outbreak of COVID-19, the integration of technology into education was further accelerated, which has significantly boosted the demand for online-based education from both students and professionals. To enhance the learning and teaching experience in the COVID-19 environment, Ambow rolled out its next-generation online-to-offline education SaaS platform, Huanyujun Education Hub, which is equipped with our proprietary technologies including hologram live streaming, AI and IoT, all of which are built on our cloud-based infrastructure. Simultaneously drawing upon our extensive educational resources and assets spanning the globe, we believe this mobile-based platform is uniquely positioned to exploit the booming trend in the e-learning industry across a wide spectrum of educational scenarios," concluded Dr. Huang.Second Quarter 2020 Financial HighlightsNet revenues for the second quarter of 2020 decreased by 8.7% to US$22.0 million from US$24.1 million in the same period of 2019. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in the recognition of deferred revenue in the period as a result of the one-month extension of spring semester 2020 at the Company's K-12 schools, which used to concluded at the end of June, and fewer services provided at the Company's tutoring centers and training offices as a result of social distance and counter measures to COVID-19. This was partially offset by revenue from NewSchool of Architecture and Design, LLC ("NewSchool"), acquired in the first quarter of 2020. Gross profit for the second quarter of 2020 decreased by 14.1% to US$8.5 million from US$9.9 million in the same period of 2019. Gross profit margin was 38.6%, compared with 41.1% for the second quarter of 2019. The decrease in gross profit and margin was mainly attributable to the decrease in net revenues. Operating expenses for the second quarter of 2020 slightly increased by 1.2% to US$8.5 million from US$8.4 million for the same period of 2019. Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders was US$0.7 million, or US$0.02 per basic and diluted share, compared with a net income of US$1.3 million, or US$0.03 per basic and diluted share, for the second quarter of 2019. As of June 30, 2020, Ambow maintained strong cash resources of US$27.2 million, comprised of cash and cash equivalents of US$13.9 million and short-term investments of US$13.3 million.First Six Months 2020 Financial HighlightsNet revenues for the first six months of 2020 decreased by 15.9% to US$34.8 million from US$41.4 million in the same period of 2019. The decrease was primarily due to due to a reduction in the recognition of deferred revenue in the period as a result of an one-month extension of spring semester 2020 at the Company's K-12 schools, which used to conclude at the end of June, and fewer services provided at the Company's tutoring centers and training offices, as operations during the period were temporarily suspended due to the outbreak of COVID-19. This was partially offset by revenue from NewSchool, acquired in the period. Gross profit for the first six months of 2020 decreased by 34.6% to US$10.2 million from US$15.6 million in the same period of 2019. Gross profit margin was 29.3%, compared with 37.7% for the first six months of 2019. The decrease in gross profit and margin was mainly attributable to the decrease of net revenues. Operating expenses for the first six months of 2020 decreased by 8.7% to US$15.7 million from US$17.2 million for the same period of 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower expenditures due to the temporary suspension of operations at schools and tutoring centers in the period as part of the national pandemic containment effort, as well as stringent expense controls to improve operating efficiency. Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders was US$1.5 million, or US$0.04 per basic and diluted share, compared with a net loss of US$2.2 million, or US$0.05 per basic and diluted share, for the first six months of 2019.The Company's second quarter and first half 2020 financial and operating results can also be found on its Form 6-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov.Exchange Rate InformationThis announcement contains translations of certain RMB amounts into U.S. dollars at a specified rate solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise noted, all amounts translated from RMB to U.S. dollars for the second quarter and first half of 2020 are based on the effective exchange rate of 7.0651 as of June 30, 2020; all amounts translated from RMB to U.S. dollars for the second quarter and first half of 2019 are based on the effective exchange rate of 6.8650 as of June 28, 2019; all amounts translated from RMB to U.S. dollars as of December 31, 2019 are based on the effective exchange rate of 6.9618 as of December 31, 2019. The exchange rates were according to the middle rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board.About Ambow Education Holding Ltd.Ambow Education Holding Ltd. is a leading national provider of educational and career enhancement services in China, offering high-quality, individualized services and products. With its extensive network of regional service hubs complemented by a dynamic proprietary learning platform and distributors, Ambow provides its services and products to students in 15 out of the 34 provinces and autonomous regions within China.Follow us on Twitter: @Ambow_EducationSafe Harbor StatementThis announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements.  Among other things, the outlook and quotations from management in this announcement, as well as Ambow's strategic and operational plans, contain forward-looking statements. Ambow may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in its reports filed or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in its annual reports to shareholders, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the following: the Company's goals and strategies, expansion plans, the expected growth of the content and application delivery services market, the Company's expectations regarding keeping and strengthening its relationships with its customers, and the general economic and business conditions in the regions where the Company provides its solutions and services. Further information regarding these and other risks is included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in this press release is as of the date of this press release, and Ambow undertakes no duty to update such information, except as required under applicable law.For investor and media inquiries please contact:Ambow Education Holding Ltd.Tel: +86-10-6206-8000The Piacente Group | Investor RelationsTel: +1-212-481-2050 or +86-10-6508-0677E-mail:ambow@tpg-ir.com  View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ambow-education-announces-second-quarter-2020-financial-results-301131011.htmlSOURCE Ambow Education Holding Ltd.Load-Date: September 15, 2020End of Document

TikTok Sale: ByteDance Partners With OracleBillboardSeptember 13, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Prometheus Global Media, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; TAGLength: 679 wordsByline: Natalie JarveyHighlight: Microsoft had been seen as the favorite to move forward in negotiations as ByteDance looked to avoid a shutdown of the popular social media app amid increased tensions between the U.S. and China.BodyByteDance has selected Oracle as its partner for a deal to keep TikTok operating in the U.S., a source familiar with the talks confirms to The Hollywood Reporter.The decision comes as ByteDance has rejected a bid by Microsoft that earlier this summer was seen as the likely option for the company as it looked to avoid a shutdown of the popular social media app amid increased tensions between the U.S. and China. Microsoft confirmed that its bid had been rejected in a statement on its corporate blog on Sunday night. “We are confident our proposal would have been good for TikTok’s users, while protecting national security interests,” the company wrote. “To do this, we would have made significant changes to ensure the service met the highest standards for security, privacy, online safety, and combatting disinformation, and we made these principles clear in our August statement. We look forward to seeing how the service evolves in these important areas.”Microsoft was seen as the favorite to move forward in negotiations with ByteDance given its deep pockets, which would have helped it address the security concerns that led President Donald Trump to require the business to be sold if it wanted to continue to operate in the U.S. Walmart had planned to team up with Microsoft on the bid but was not mentioned in the company’s statement.But ByteDance, facing a short timeline to strike a deal, ultimately felt that Oracle - which has curried favor with Trump - was the best partner to address the security concerns that have plagued the app since it first came to the U.S. in 2018. According to the source, Oracle is being brought on board as a tech partner and not as an outright buyer of TikTok’s U.S. business. It’s unclear whether Oracle will acquire a share in TikTok as a result of the partnership.Representatives for TikTok and ByteDance declined to comment. A spokesperson for Oracle did not respond to a request for comment.The news follows an Aug. 6 executive order from Trump that called for TikTok to be banned in the U.S. if ByteDance didn’t sell its American operations. Trump has cited national security concerns as the reason for the ban, arguing that ByteDance could give the Chinese government access to data from its U.S. users. The company was given a mid-September deadline to divest of the business.TikTok has fought those claims, saying that it stores American user data on serves based out of the U.S. and Singapore. The company also has sued Trump, arguing in its complaint that the ban is “a pretext for furthering the President’s broader campaign of anti-China rhetoric in the run-up to the U.S. election.”China complicated ByteDance’s ability to strike a deal when, in late August, it issued new export rules that would prevent TikTok from selling the technology that powers the algorithm behind its addictive “For You” feed, which learns about user behavior over time in order to serve up the most relevant videos.Though the goal of a deal with Oracle is to keep TikTok operating in the U.S., but the Trump administration still has to agree that the new arrangement addresses his concerns about the handling of U.S. user data. Tech analyst Daniel Ives is skeptical. In a Sunday night note, he wrote, “TikTok’s days in the U.S. likely are numbered.”TikTok first came to the U.S. in August 2018 after ByteDance acquired competitor Musical.ly and merged the two apps. Today, the social video app has 100 million monthly active users in the U.S. and has minted stars out of young creators including Charli D'Amelio and Addison Rae. The app has also become a powerful platform for debuting new music and helped popularize Lil Nas X's “Old Town Road.”The app’s fate in the U.S. is being determined without the company’s newly appointed American CEO. Disney veteran Kevin Mayer, who accepted a job running TikTok in late May, announced his resignation on Aug. 26. Vanessa Pappas, general manager of TikTok in North America, Australia and New Zealand, is serving as the company’s interim CEO.This article originally appeared in THR.com.Link to ImageLoad-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

TikTok Sale: ByteDance Rejects Microsoft BidBillboardSeptember 13, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Prometheus Global Media, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; TAGLength: 566 wordsByline: Natalie JarveyHighlight: ByteDance has rejected Microsoft’s bid for the U.S. operations of TikTok, a move that leaves Oracle as the likely partner for a deal to keep the popular social media app operating amid increased tensions between the U.S. and China.BodyByteDance has rejected Microsoft’s bid for the U.S. operations of TikTok, a move that leaves Oracle as the likely partner for a deal to keep the popular social media app operating amid increased tensions between the U.S. and China.“We are confident our proposal would have been good for TikTok’s users, while protecting national security interests,” Microsoft wrote in a statement on its corporate blog. “To do this, we would have made significant changes to ensure the service met the highest standards for security, privacy, online safety, and combatting disinformation, and we made these principles clear in our August statement. We look forward to seeing how the service evolves in these important areas.”Microsoft was seen as the favorite to move forward in negotiations with ByteDance given its deep pockets, which would have helped it address the security concerns that led President Donald Trump to require the business to be sold if it wanted to continue to operate in the U.S. Walmart had planned to team up with Microsoft on the bid but was not mentioned in the company’s statement.As the clock counts down to ByteDance’s deadline to strike a deal that will appease Trump, several outlets are reporting that Beijing-based tech company is moving forward with Oracle as its preferred partner. According to the Wall Street Journal , the cloud services business will not outright buy TikTok’s U.S. business. Instead, it will be announced as a “trusted tech partner.”Representatives for TikTok and Oracle did not immediately respond to a request for comment.The news follows an Aug. 6 executive order from Trump that called for TikTok to be banned in the U.S. if ByteDance didn’t sell its American operations. Trump has cited national security concerns as the reason for the ban, arguing that ByteDance could give the Chinese government access to data from its U.S. users. The company was given a mid-September deadline to divest of the business.TikTok has fought those claims, saying that it stores American user data on serves based out of the U.S. and Singapore. The company also has sued Trump , arguing in its complaint that the ban is “a pretext for furthering the President’s broader campaign of anti-China rhetoric in the run-up to the U.S. election.”China complicated ByteDance’s ability to strike a deal when, in late August, it issued new export rules that would prevent TikTok from selling the technology that powers the algorithm behind its addictive “For You” feed, which learns about user behavior over time in order to serve up the most relevant videos.TikTok first came to the U.S. in August 2018 after ByteDance acquired competitor Musical.ly and merged the two apps. Today, the social video app has 100 million monthly active users in the U.S. and has minted stars out of young creators including Charli D'Amelio and Addison Rae. The app has also become a powerful platform for debuting new music and helped popularize Lil Nas X's “Old Town Road.”The app’s fate in the U.S. is being determined without the company’s newly appointed American CEO. Disney veteran Kevin Mayer, who accepted a job running TikTok in late May, announced his resignation on Aug. 26. Vanessa Pappas, general manager of TikTok in North America, Australia and New Zealand, is serving as the company’s interim CEO.More to come.This article originally appeared on The Hollywood Reporter .Link to ImageLoad-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

Today's TechnologyThe Etownian: Elizabethtown CollegeSeptember 30, 2020 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 596 wordsBodyPhoto courtesy of FlickrIn early August, President Donald Trump gave ByteDance, TikTok's parent company, 90 days to either sell the app to a US tech firm or risk losing 100 million users from the US. Trump cited threats to national security as he accused ByteDance of supplying user data to the Chinese government. Since then, the deal has gone through countless hurdles, but it finally looks like a resolution is close.The complicated ordeal started when Microsoft launched a joint bid with Walmart for the purchase of TikTok. At the time, American computer software company Oracle was also in the race for the popular app. However, in late August, China imposed new governmental restrictions on exports in an attempt to block TikTok's sale. These restrictions were related to artificial intelligence interfaces and content recommendation analysis. The app's algorithm relies heavily on such domestic technology, and with the sale deadline edging closer, it seemed that there was no hope left for TikTok in the US.TikTok attempted to challenge this by suing the US government over the executive orders issued by Trump. In September, Trump announced that if no deal was reached soon, he would ban any new downloads and updates of TikTok starting from Sept. 20, eventually banning the app completely on Nov. 12. ByteDance then decided to pursue a new path with the deal, creating a US subsidiary for the app called TikTok Global. This tentative deal would make TikTok Global partly owned by American companies Oracle and Walmart. The company's five board members will consist of four Americans with the fifth member being ByteDance founder Zhang Yiming. Trump decided to delay the ban for a further week.The deal is anything but complete. The proposed model suggests that Oracle and Walmart will own 20 percent of TikTok Global, while ByteDance will hold a majority share of 80 percent. A statement by Oracle's vice president reads that, "Upon creation of TikTok Global, Oracle and Walmart will make their investment and the TikTok Global shares will be distributed to their owners, Americans will be the majority and ByteDance will have no ownership in TikTok Global." The new company plans to float on the stock market. That means that it will offer the shares for sale on the stock market for the first time. By holding a public listing, TikTok Global ensures transparency as they are obligated to publish quarterly reports. Shareholder meetings are also going to be more open to the public. The deal also allows Oracle to check the source code of TikTok in the US. "The security will be 100 percent," Trump said on Sept. 12, "Conceptually it's a great deal for America."The president also said that TikTok Global would be "totally controlled by Oracle and Walmart." The new company is set to be based in Texas.The company is said to have agreed to make a huge 5 billion USD donation to the state's educational fund. "They're going to be setting up a very large fund," the president said. "That's their contribution that I've been asking for."ByteDance has said that the 5 billion USD tax payment to the US Treasury was a projection of corporate income tax and other operating taxes TikTok would need to pay for business development in the US. Bloomberg News reported that ByteDance is seeking a 60 billion USD valuation for TikTok Global. "I have given the deal my blessing," Trump told reporters at the White House when asked about the deal. Teens in the US carefully hold on to this lifeline. Their beloved TikTok might make it out alive after all.Samhar AlmomaniAUTHORPROFILELoad-Date: October 1, 2020End of Document

Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market 2020 Global Share, Trend, Segmentation, Analysis and Forecast to 2026iCrowdNewswire (English)October 1, 2020 Thursday 4:00 PM GMTCopyright 2020 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1101 wordsBodyAdvanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market 2020 Advanced Distribution Management System (ADMS) is a software platform which integrates several operational systems, enabling automated restoration of network outages and optimizing the performance of the distribution grid. This report analyses the current status of the global advanced distributed management system market, outlines the key market drivers and ... Continue reading Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market 2020 Global Share, Trend, Segmentation, Analysis and Forecast to 2026Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market 2020Advanced Distribution Management System (ADMS) is a software platform which integrates several operational systems, enabling automated restoration of network outages and optimizing the      performance of the distribution grid.This report analyses the current status of the global advanced distributed management system market, outlines the key market drivers and the bases for market segmentation, and studies the      trends of this market from 2019 till 2024.The global advanced distributed management system market is expected to reach a value of USD 3,852.2 million by 2025, growing at a robust CAGR of 19.1 % during the forecast period. Some of the      major factors contributing to the growth of this market include an increasing number of smart grids in North America and the growing demand for increased utility and efficiency of networks and      systems.The following Major Companies covered in this reportAdvanced Control SystemsSiemensGeneral ElectricABBSchneider ElectricOracleOpen Systems InternationalSurvalent TechnologyRequest Free Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/4512162-global-advanced-distributed-management-system-adms-market-2019Segmentation:The global advanced distributed management system market has been segmented based on type, application, and geographical region.Depending on the type, the ADMS market can be split into:Single Database TypeMulti Database TypeBased on the application, the ADMS market can be divided into the following:Network Connectivity Analysis (NCA)Switching Schedule and Safety ManagementState Estimation (SE)Load Flow Applications (LFA)Volt-VAR Control (VVC)Load Shedding Application (LSA)Fault Management and System Restoration (FMSR)Load Balancing via Feeder Reconfiguration (LBFR)Distribution Load Forecasting (DLF)Regional Analysis:North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, South America, and the Middle East and Africa are the major regions for the advanced distributed management system      market across the world.While North America, especially the United States, will still play the dominant role in the global market followed by Europe, theAsia-Pacific region, especially the developing economies of India, China, and Southeast Asia, is expected to witness the fastest growth in this market during the forecast period, growing at a      high CAGR of 23.6% during the forecast period.This growth can be attributed to the favourable policies of the Chinese government for the promotion of the optimum utilization of electric power. Now, China has increased its budget for the      development level of its electric power development and is trying to balance the supply and demand of power in order to ensure efficiency and cost-effectiveness. Furthermore, with the rapid      growth of smart city projects in the commercial sector, the demand for power is further increasing, thereby contributing to the growth in the advanced distributed management system market.Industry News:In August 2019, Open Systems International Inc. was selected by Alliant Energy to develop an advanced distribution management system based on Open System s      OpenXphere enterprise architecture.In June 2018, the parent company of Tucson Electric Power, UNS Energy, appointed OSI Inc. to develop an advanced distribution management system built on OSI s monarch technology platform.In 2017, Open Systems International Inc. won the contract for providing advanced distribution management systems to Bhutan Power Corporation Ltd. and to deliver electricity to Bhutan s      residents.In 2017, Schneider Electric S.E. signed an agreement with Saudi Electricity Company to provide high-quality solutions, especially meant for the utility market.Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/4512162-global-advanced-distributed-management-system-adms-market-2019Table of Contents  Analysis of Key Points1 Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Overview 2 Manufacturers Profiles 3 Global Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Competition, by Players 4 Global Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Size by Regions 5 North America Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Revenue by Countries 6 Europe Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Revenue by Countries 7 Asia-Pacific Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Revenue by Countries 8 South America Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Revenue by Countries 9 Middle East and Africa Revenue Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) by Countries 10 Global Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Segment by Type 11 Global Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Segment by Application 12 Global Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Size Forecast (2019-2024) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix List of Tables and FiguresContinued ..CONTACT US:Norah TrentPartner Relations & Marketing Managersales@wiseguyreports.comwww.WiseGuyReports.comPh: +162 825 80070 (US)Ph: +44 203 500 2763 (UK)Tags: Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Share, Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Trends, Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Segmentation,      Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Growth, COVID-19 Impact on Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS), Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market Size, Global      Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market 2020, Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Analysis, Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Opportunities, Advanced      Distributed Management System (ADMS) Demand, Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Key PlayersSee Campaign:https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/4512183-global-3d-camera-track-software-market-2019-byContact Information:Office No.528,Amanora Chambers,Magarpatta Road,Hadapsar,Pune-411028.Tags:, Reportedtimes, iCN Internal Distribution, Research Newswire, EnglishLoad-Date: October 2, 2020End of Document

National Zoo: Genetic tests reveal new baby panda is a boyAssociated Press InternationalOctober 5, 2020 Monday 10:51 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: WASHINGTON DATELINE; STATE AND REGIONALLength: 418 wordsByline: ASHRAF KHALIL, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) — The National Zoo has confirmed that its 6-week old baby panda is a boy.The gender reveal was made in a video released Monday by the zoo, where panda-keepers unveiled a canvas smeared with blue markings that was “painted” by the baby's father, Tian Tian.The still-unnamed baby panda, born Aug. 21, received a genetic test via cheek swab that confirmed his gender. The genetic test was necessary because male and female baby pandas appear physically identical to exterior examination.Photos and videos released by the zoo show the baby, which was born pink, blind and nearly hairless, starting to take on the familiar black-and-white coloring. Famously described by zoo staffers as the size of a stick of butter at birth, the baby has grown in six weeks to 14 inches long and weighs 3.6 pounds.The birth was hailed as a desperately needed bit of happy news amid a global COVID-19 pandemic that forced the zoo to shut down for months. Response to the news that the mother, Mei Xiang, was pregnant caused traffic on the zoo's ever-popular Panda-cam to spike by 1,200%, zoo officials said. When the baby was actually born, traffic went so high that viewers were getting bumped off the livestream, forcing zoo officials to boost the bandwidth on the camera feed.“Something like this is kind of a miracle for us,” National Zoo Director Steve Monfort said at the time. “It lifts the spirits of my team and the whole world.”For now, the Panda-cam is still the only way for panda-maniacs to get their fix. The zoo reopened on a limited basis July 24 with visitors needing timed passes to keep the crowds down. But the indoor panda house remains closed and the Asia Trail, where Tian Tian can still be viewed, is temporarily closed to visitors for a scheduled repaving of walkways.Mei Xiang was artificially inseminated in the spring shortly after the entire zoo shut down on March 14. Normally, panda-keepers would have used a combination of frozen sperm and fresh semen extracted from Tian Tian. But in order to minimize the number of close-quarters medical procedures, zoo officials used only frozen semen.It was the first successful procedure of its kind in the U.S. using only frozen sperm. Mei Xiang, at 22, is the oldest giant panda to successfully give birth in the United States. The oldest in the world gave birth in China at age 23.Mei Xiang has three surviving offspring, Tai Shan, Bao Bao and Bei Bei, which were transported to China at age 4 under an agreement with the Chinese government.Load-Date: October 5, 2020End of Document

The White House reiterated that TikTok must become an American company or it will be bannedCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 2, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 319 wordsBodyThe TikTok app must become a "U.S.-based company, controlled by U.S. investors," or it will be banned in the country, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Wednesday.Mnuchin's comments come in the midst of a battle between the United States and China for control of the popular video sharing app. A lot of pressure, the last project that had been proposed to solve the impasse involved the creation of a new company, TikTok Global, involving two American emporiums: Oracle as a technology partner and Walmart as a business partner.For Mnuchin, this deal would represent "a great result," as it would "build a U.S.-based global company, controlled by U.S. investors.""If the deal can be closed on our terms, we will," CNBC told television. "Other than that, (the app) would stop working. Any agreement will fully satisfy all of our national security interests," he added.Steven Mnuchin, Treasury Secretary (Reuters) (POOL/)President Donald Trump has said he would approve a deal in which the application passes under U.S. control. But it is unclear whether the Chinese government, which has accused Trump of "abusing power" to seize TikTok, would agree.Last Sunday, a U.S. federal judge suspended the Trump administration's veto on new TikTok downloads, hours before the move came into effect. The judge's opinion was not communicated, so it is unknown why he decided to make that decision.The decision represents a temporary victory for TikTok, which has 100 million users in the United States. But the court has yet to consider the legal arguments about whether the social network should remain available to Americans.Washington accuses Tiktok - whose parent company is China's ByteDance - of being a threat to national security for spying on Xi Jinping's regime, through the appropriation of user data.(With AFP information)MORE ON THIS TOPIC:Microsoft developed the ranking of countries that run the most hacksLoad-Date: October 3, 2020End of Document

Oracle Edges Out Microsoft As Preferred TikTok Buyer - ReportsTheStreet.comSeptember 13, 2020 Sunday 9:27 PM EDTCopyright 2020 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 372 wordsByline: Martin BaccardaxHighlight: ByteDance, TikTok's China-based parent, rejected a Microsoft-lead offer Sunday, paving the way for an Oracle-lead consortium to pick up the valuable U.S. assets.BodyOracle Corp.  looks set to emerge as the preferred buyer of TikTok's U.S. assets, multiple media reports suggested Sunday, after the video-sharing app's China-based parent rejected a competing offer from Microsoft Corp. .ByteDance informed Microsoft of its decision earlier Sunday, the Redmond, Washington-based tech giant said in a statement, paving the way for an Oracle-led consortium to pick up the U.S. assets, both Bloomberg and Reuters have reported. Walmart  and Microsoft were considered front-runners for the TikTok franchise, after the world's largest retailer joined the tech giant's pursuit in late August, just days after software group Oracle indicated it was also interested in the valuable American operations. However, both President Donald Trump, who ordered the sale of TikTok's U.S. business last month under the guise of national security concerns, and the Chinese government need to approve the sale by September 20. If that deadline passes, Trump told reporters over the weekend, TikTok will cease to operate in its second-largest market."ByteDance let us know today they would not be selling TikTok's US operations to Microsoft. We are confident our proposal would have been good for TikTok's users, while protecting national security interests, Microsoft said in a statement Sunday. "To do this, we would have made significant changes to ensure the service met the highest standards for security, privacy, online safety, and combatting disinformation, and we made these principles clear in our August statement." "We look forward to seeing how the service evolves in these important area," the company added.President Trump issued a pair of Executive Orders in early August that barred "U.S. transactions" with China-based social media apps WeChat and TikTok, citing "significant risks" to personal data and digital security.Trump has said the app , which has been downloaded over 175 million times in the United States alone and has 1 billion global users, will be banned in the U.S. if it's not sold by September 20.TikTok's fate was also a factor in the surprise resignation of U.S. CEO Kevin Mayer, a former Disney DIS executive, who left the group earlier this week after only three months at the helm.Load-Date: September 13, 2020End of Document

Opinion | The problem with Disney's 'Mulan' live actionThe Breeze: James Madison UniversitySeptember 24, 2020 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 551 wordsByline: Julia Cheng | Contributing writerBodyAs an Asian American, I was initially excited to hear that Disney was creating a live-action "Mulan" film. Being able to see someone who looks like me in the entertainment industry is amazing, and I was thrilled to see "Mulan" in the spotlight. After watching the other Disney Princess live-action films, I couldn't wait to see my favorite princess on screen again. However, once released, controversy surrounding the film made me question if I should even watch it.Back in 2019, Liu Yifei, the actress of the character Mulan, expressed her opinion on the Hong Kong protests. These protests began because of the extradition bill that gave China more power over Hong Kong, threatening the freedoms of activists and journalists."I support the Hong Kong police. You can all attack me now. What a shame for Hong Kong," Yifei said. With Yifei being the star of the movie, watching the film indirectly supports the abuse of power China holds. During the protests, many faced injuries as a result of police violence. On Oct. 1, 2019, a protester was shot with a live bullet when, previously, protesters were shot with rubber bullets. Additionally, 66 were injured after police used tear gas. The protests went viral around the world, with the creation of artwork depicting the events and videos of violence.Along with Yifei's controversial statement, the movie was revealed to be filmed in the Xinjiang province, where Uyghur Muslims and other ethnic minorities are held at "re-education camps." Since 2017, at least 1 million Uyghurs have been detained, and they're forced to renounce their religion, face abuse and held in horrific circumstances with forced labor. In the credits of the film, Disney went on to thank a Chinese government agency that threatens human rights of Uyghurs. In addition to the brutal conditions Uyghur Muslims face, they're also separated from their families. As a company that's known for being family-friendly, Disney's actions are hypocritical. It's clear that it's willing to put human lives at stake for profit.On various social media platforms, the '#banmulan' and '#boycottmulan' hashtags have trended. On Twitter, users have populated the hashtag with videos of police brutality in Hong Kong, and users from other countries show their support to boycott the film as it makes its way into theaters and Disney+.Controversy in Asia isn't the only problem with the movie. Disney+ subscribers complained about the additional $30 fee and the differences from the original animation.Disney+ already costs $8 a month, and "Mulan" was announced to be free on Dec. 4. Additionally, because Disney changed the original story from it's animated film, Disney+ subscribers are less inclined to watch the film, especially because it lacks the musical numbers, and characters Mushu and Li Shang were removed. Disney+ users have also compared the unreasonable price of "Mulan" to "Black is King,"which was free, and to the price of regular movie tickets.With all the hate and criticism it's receiving, Disney should release a statement regarding Yifei's actions and the location of filming. It'd be better for Disney to face the disapproval and recognize its wrongdoings than to continue on in silence.Julia Cheng is a freshman media arts and design major. Contact Julia at chengjm@dukes.jmu.eduLoad-Date: September 24, 2020End of Document

TikTok must become a US company, says Treasury SecretaryCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 30, 2020 WednesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 242 wordsBodyTikTok must become a "U.S.-based company, controlled by U.S. investors," or it will be banned in the country, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Wednesday.Mnuchin's comments come in the midst of a battle between the United States and China for control of the popular video sharing app.Without providing evidence, Washington accuses Tiktok - whose parent company is China's ByteDance - of being a threat to national security for spying on Beijing's behalf, through the appropriation of user data.A lot of pressure, the last project that had been proposed to solve the impasse involved the creation of a new company, TikTok Global, involving two American emporiums: Oracle as a technology partner and Walmart as a business partner.For Mnuchin, this deal would represent "a great result," as it would "build a U.S.-based global company, controlled by U.S. investors.""If the deal can be closed on our terms, we will," CNBC told television."Other than that, (the app) would stop working. Any agreement will fully satisfy all of our national security interests," he added.President Donald Trump has said he would approve a deal in which the application passes under U.S. control.But it is unclear whether the Chinese government, which has accused Trump of "abusing power" to seize TikTok, would agree.Last Sunday, a U.S. federal judge suspended the Trump administration's veto on new TikTok downloads, hours before the move came into effect.jul-rl/dw/yo/mpsLoad-Date: October 1, 2020End of Document

Trump says new TikTok service to be 'totally secure,' delays ban amid reported Oracle-Walmart dealInside Cyber SecuritySeptember 22, 2020Copyright 2020 Inside Washington Publishers All Rights ReservedLength: 429 wordsBody September 20, 2020 | Charlie Mitchell The Commerce Department ban on TiKTok has been stayed for a week, as a deal for Oracle and Walmart to take control of a new TikTok Global appears to address the Trump administration's security concerns about Chinese government access to data through the popular social media app."The security will be 100 percent. They'll be using separate clouds and a lot of very, very powerful security," Trump told reporters late Saturday afternoon as he departed the White House en route to a campaign event in North Carolina. "It'll continue to be named TikTok, as it was all along. É So I can say that I have given the deal my blessing. If they get it done, that's great. If they don't, that's okay too. But it's a great deal for America, and very interesting."The ban was announced Friday and would have taken effect today, but on Saturday the Commerce Department announced the effective date was being pushed until Sept. 27, which gives the parties a week to complete the deal.Commerce issued a statement Saturday evening saying: "In light of recent positive developments, Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross, at the direction of President Trump, will delay the prohibition of identified transactions pursuant to Executive Order 13942, related to the TikTok mobile application that would have been effective on Sunday, September 20, 2020, until September 27, 2020 at 11:59 p.m."Commerce on Friday had noted that WeChat -- also banned -- and TikTok both collect "vast swaths of data from users, including network activity, location data, and browsing and search histories. Each is an active participant in China's civil-military fusion and is subject to mandatory cooperation with the intelligence services of the CCP. This combination results in the use of WeChat and TikTok creating unacceptable risks to our national security."Trump told reporters Saturday, "We have some very big news on TikTok. TikTok is moving along. We're dealing with Oracle, which you know of. Larry Ellison. And we're dealing with, as a combination, Walmart -- Walmart, a great company. A great American company."The deal will include a $5-billion contribution to education programs by Oracle and Walmart, and the new entity "most likely " will be based in Texas, Trump said. "It'll be a brand-new company. It will have nothing to do with any outside land, any outside country. It will have nothing to do with China. It'll be totally secure. That'll be part of the deal, and that will be both Oracle, as you know, and Walmart." -- Charlie Mitchell (cmitchell@iwpnews.com) Load-Date: September 23, 2020End of Document

Walmart, Oracle Support President Trump's Idea For TikTok 'Education Fund'Stillman Advance: Stillman CollegeSeptember 23, 2020 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: HI TECH; Pg. 1Length: 521 wordsByline: Sandy MccarthyBodyTrump said that ByteDance would "have nothing to do with [TikTok], and if they do, we just won't make the deal".TikTok has been in the news since August after Trump threatened to ban the application in the United States, citing concerns about alleged Chinese government spying on data of USA users.Oracle, whose chairman Larry Ellison is a supporter of Mr. Trump, over the weekend said that it had agreed under the TikTok deal to help create an education initiative that would involve an "AI-driven online curriculum to teach children from inner cities to suburbs".Another tech company, Taiwanese electronics manufacturer Foxconn, promised in 2017 to bring 13,000 new jobs to Wisconsin. It set off a flurry of attempted deal-making, pushing ByteDance to seek a sale of the video app's American operations to a USA company.ByteDance has said it will establish a USA subsidiary called TikTok Global of which it will own 80%.That agreement received Trump's "blessing" last week.In its editorial, China Daily compared Trump's forcing ByteDance to divest US operations to mob tactics.On Monday, Abbott tweeted a Fox Business article that said Texas could be the company's new headquarters. "What the United States has done to TikTok is nearly the same as a gangster forcing an unreasonable and unfair business deal on a legitimate company", says the paper's editorial, titled "No disguising proposed TikTok deal is a dirty and underhanded trick".Trump vs. Biden: What Are The Topics Of The First Debate?She added that Biden knew what it was to send his child to war, since his son had served as an army lawyer in Iraq for a year. Cindy McCain joins a growing list of Republicans who have offered their support to Biden - including former Arizona Sen.But Bloomberg reports that American investors in ByteDance, in addition to the 20% ownership of Oracle and Walmart, could own 52% of TikTok Global, which could satisfy Trump's demands.Individual content review efforts by each platform can be advanced through a formal and collaborative approach, the short-video app said.Mr Bertram said TikTok's "emergency machine learning services" were then used to quickly detect and remove different versions of the video as they were uploaded, but said the platform noticed an "unusual pattern" around how the video was being viewed.Video clips of a man taking his own life which spread on TikTok were amplified by a "co-ordinated attack", the social media site has told MPs.In a separate statement, TikTok said its interim head Vanessa Pappas has sent a letter to the heads of nine social and content platforms, proposing a Memorandum of Understanding aimed at encouraging companies to warn one another of violent, graphic content on their own platforms.The strongly-worded editorial isn't the only signal we've seen from China that it is unhappy with the TikTok deal.. "That would be detrimental to the long-term development of the company", the paper's editorial says.The owner of TikTok asked a federal judge in Washington for a preliminary injunction to block the Trump administration from removing the social network from US app stores.Load-Date: September 23, 2020End of Document

Disney's "Mulan" has a weak Chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mln dlr at the box officeCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 13, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 333 wordsBodyBy Lisa RichwineLOS ANGELES, 13 Sep (Reuters) - The release of the new version of Walt Disney Co's film "Mulan," now with real actors, sold $23.2 million in weekend tickets in China's movie theaters, a slow start to a big-budget epic about a popular Chinese heroine in its most important market.The debut of "Mulan" had a lower gross than that of director Christopher Nolan's film "Tenet", which totaled $29.8 million the previous week. Unlike "Tenet", "Mulan" was designed to attract large audiences in the country.But "Mulan," whose production cost $200 million, was affected by controversy and received mixed criticism in China. Its release was scheduled for March, but it was delayed by the coronavirus pandemic, which has limited the screening of films around the world."It's a disappointing debut," said Jeff Bock, media analyst at Exhibitor Relations Co. "Disney made this film for Chinese audiences and saw it virtually fail.""Mulan" was criticized on social media abroad and faced calls to a boycott because its protagonist supported Hong Kong police and because some scenes were filmed in the Xinjiang region, where China's crackdown on Uighur ethnicity and other Muslims has been criticized by some governments and activist groups.Chinese authorities ordered the media not to cover the film's release in the wake of the controversy, four people with knowledge of the subject told Reuters.The global box office gross for "Mulan" reached $37.6 million through Sunday in the seven territories where the film is screened.Disney tries to make a profit from "Mulan" through an unusual launch strategy because the pandemic has left many theaters closed.The company enabled online playback of "Mulan" in the United States and other countries where Disney+ service is available.In China and other countries where Disney+ does not operate, the company has premiered "Mulan" in theaters. Disney has not provided streaming sales figures.(Report by Lisa Richwine; Edited in Spanish by Ricardo Figueroa)Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

Disney's "Mulan" has a weak Chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mln dlr at the box officeCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 13, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 333 wordsBodyBy Lisa RichwineLOS ANGELES, 13 Sep (Reuters) - The release of the new version of Walt Disney Co's film "Mulan," now with real actors, sold $23.2 million in weekend tickets in China's movie theaters, a slow start to a big-budget epic about a popular Chinese heroine in its most important market.The debut of "Mulan" had a lower gross than that of director Christopher Nolan's film "Tenet", which totaled $29.8 million the previous week. Unlike "Tenet", "Mulan" was designed to attract large audiences in the country.But "Mulan," whose production cost $200 million, was affected by controversy and received mixed criticism in China. Its release was scheduled for March, but it was delayed by the coronavirus pandemic, which has limited the screening of films around the world."It's a disappointing debut," said Jeff Bock, media analyst at Exhibitor Relations Co. "Disney made this film for Chinese audiences and saw it virtually fail.""Mulan" was criticized on social media abroad and faced calls to a boycott because its protagonist supported Hong Kong police and because some scenes were filmed in the Xinjiang region, where China's crackdown on Uighur ethnicity and other Muslims has been criticized by some governments and activist groups.Chinese authorities ordered the media not to cover the film's release in the wake of the controversy, four people with knowledge of the subject told Reuters.The global box office gross for "Mulan" reached $37.6 million through Sunday in the seven territories where the film is screened.Disney tries to make a profit from "Mulan" through an unusual launch strategy because the pandemic has left many theaters closed.The company enabled online playback of "Mulan" in the United States and other countries where Disney+ service is available.In China and other countries where Disney+ does not operate, the company has premiered "Mulan" in theaters. Disney has not provided streaming sales figures.(Report by Lisa Richwine; Edited in Spanish by Ricardo Figueroa)Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

"Mulan" has a weak chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mdd at the box officeCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 13, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 327 wordsBodyThe release of the new version of Walt Disney Co's film "Mulan," now with real actors, sold just $23.2 million in weekend tickets in China's movie theaters, which was seen as a slow start to a big-budget epic about a Chinese popular heroine in its most important market.The debut of "Mulan" had a lower gross than that of director Christopher Nolan's film "Tenet", which totaled $29.8 million the previous week. Unlike "Tenet", "Mulan" was designed to attract large audiences in the country.But "Mulan," whose production cost $200 million, was affected by controversy and received mixed criticism in China. Its release was scheduled for March, but it was delayed by the coronavirus pandemic, which has limited the screening of films around the world."It's a disappointing debut," said Jeff Bock, media analyst at Exhibitor Relations Co. "Disney made this film for Chinese audiences and saw it virtually fail.""Mulan" was criticized on social media abroad and faced calls to a boycott because its protagonist supported Hong Kong police and because some scenes were filmed in the Xinjiang region, where China's crackdown on Uighur ethnicity and other Muslims has been criticized by some governments and activist groups.Chinese authorities ordered the media not to cover the film's release in the wake of the controversy, four people with knowledge of the subject told Reuters.       Photo: Reuters      The global box office gross for "Mulan" reached $37.6 million through Sunday in the seven territories where the film is screened.Disney tries to make a profit from "Mulan" through an unusual launch strategy because the pandemic has left many theaters closed.       Photo: Disney      The company enabled online playback of "Mulan" in the United States and other countries where Disney+ service is available.In China and other countries where Disney+ does not operate, the company has premiered "Mulan" in theaters. Disney has not provided streaming sales figures.Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

"Mulan" has a weak chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mdd at the box officeCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 13, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 320 wordsBodyThe release of the new version of Walt Disney Co's film "Mulan," now with real actors, sold just $23.2 million in weekend tickets in China's movie theaters, which was seen as a slow start to a big-budget epic about a Chinese popular heroine in its most important market.The debut of "Mulan" had a lower gross than that of director Christopher Nolan's film "Tenet", which totaled $29.8 million the previous week. Unlike "Tenet", "Mulan" was designed to attract large audiences in the country.  Gossip  But "Mulan," whose production cost $200 million, was affected by controversy and received mixed criticism in China. Its release was scheduled for March, but it was delayed by the coronavirus pandemic, which has limited the screening of films around the world."It's a disappointing debut," said Jeff Bock, media analyst at Exhibitor Relations Co. "Disney made this film for Chinese audiences and saw it virtually fail.""Mulan" was criticized on social media abroad and faced calls to a boycott because its protagonist supported Hong Kong police and because some scenes were filmed in the Xinjiang region, where China's crackdown on Uighur ethnicity and other Muslims has been criticized by some governments and activist groups.Chinese authorities ordered the media not to cover the film's release in the wake of the controversy, four people with knowledge of the subject told Reuters.The global box office gross for "Mulan" reached $37.6 million through Sunday in the seven territories where the film is screened.Disney tries to make a profit from "Mulan" through an unusual launch strategy because the pandemic has left many theaters closed.The company enabled online playback of "Mulan" in the United States and other countries where Disney+ service is available.In China and other countries where Disney+ does not operate, the company has premiered "Mulan" in theaters. Disney has not provided streaming sales figures.Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

OnePlus phones support Xbox Game Pass (xCloud) for Android after allStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeSeptember 18, 2020 FridayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: HI TECH; Pg. 1Length: 323 wordsByline: Sandy MccarthyBodyAfter announcing the arrival of Cloud Games and Xbox Game Pass news for the second half of September, Microsoft unveils one Showcase Xbox Game Pass scheduled for this week.You don't need an Xbox console to use xCloud game streaming. Apple argues that all games that can be played through these services must also be approved by it. And, if you invest in any of these games, they'll be backwards compatible with that console, too.OxygenOS, if you're unaware, is the version of Android that powers OnePlus phones much like One UI or MIUI powers Samsung and Xiaomi phones respectively. It's compatible with phones, tablets, as well as PC computers, and obviously, created to play Xbox games.Chinese virologist: China's government party 'intentionally' released COVID-19Last week, Li Meng-Yan had appeared on ITV and said that she had proof to support her claim that the virus was man-made . She provides: "SARS-CoV-2 exhibits organic traits which are inconsistent with a naturally occurring, zoonotic virus".When Stallion - real name Ray Cox - achieved a million Gamerscore points,Microsoft rewarded him with a lifetime Xbox Live Gold membership, meaning he'd never have to pay a monthly or yearly subscription fee again for the service. Last, but not least, you're going to need a decent internet connection, WiFi, LTE or 5G with download speeds of at least 10Mbps to have enjoyable lag-free game experience.Available on Amazon, this third party controller holds the phone and syncs to the android device using Bluetooth, it sells for $45. Yes, the Xbox Series X is due by the end of 2020, but that's not going to help you if you're now housebound due to the coronavirus.SK Telecom andMicrosoft carried out the Project xCloud preview in South Korea for about a year and found that 55 percent of users played cloud games at their homes via Wi-Fi connectivity, while the remaining 45 percent did so outside of their homes via mobile connectivity.Load-Date: September 18, 2020End of Document

Nearly nine million viewers paid 25 euros to see 'Mulán' in digital format, according to a studyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 17, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 306 wordsBodyMulan was going to be the big bet in Disney theaters this summer. A series of premieres postponed due to the pandemic forced the family entertainment giant to bring the film directly to its DisneyPlus platform, despite protests from the theaters. The digital premiere, along with the launch on the big screen in markets that have made confinement more flexible or where the streaming service is not available, has made a profit: consulting firm 7Park Data has reported that the epic set in China has generated at least $261 million (220 million euros) of Spending by the American public without it leaving their homes.The estimate has estimated that some 8.7 million DisneyPlus subscribers in the United States pay the one-time fee of $30 (about 25 euros) that the platform imposed to watch the film. The news has also pointed to a 68% increase in the number of downloads of the DisneyPlus app during The Mullan opening weekend compared to the previous week.The company has not yet drawn official data on the production's quirky release starring Yifei Liu on the digital platform. However, Christine McCarthy, the chief financial director of Walt Disney Co., said in a statement that she is "very pleased" by the results she has had so far. The results of the box office in China, the second largest film market and where the legend on which the film is based originates, did not reach the expected figures, placing the film behind the local production Of the 800 and also of Christopher Nolan's Tenet. Similarly, the production has not been without controversy inside and outside the Asian country, from the support of its lead actress, Liu Yifei, to the Hong Kong police against the protesters to criticism for having shot several scenes in Xinjiang Province, where the Chinese government has persecuted the Uighur Muslim population. Load-Date: September 18, 2020End of Document

TikTok Picks Oracle, Nvidia Buys Arm, Gilead Buys Immunomedics - 5 Things You Must Know MondayTheStreet.comSeptember 14, 2020 Monday 5:01 AM EDTCopyright 2020 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 902 wordsByline: Joseph WoelfelHighlight: M&A news and signs of progress on a coronavirus vaccine lift stock futures; Oracle emerges as the preferred buyer of TikTok's U.S. operations; Nvidia buy chip designer Arm from SoftBank for $40 billion.BodyHere are five things you must know for Monday, Sept. 14:1. -- Stock Futures Get Lift From M&A, Vaccine Progress Stock futures were rising Monday amid a flurry of mergers and acquisitions news and signs of progress on a coronavirus vaccineContracts linked to the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 288 points, S&P 500 futures gained 41 points and Nasdaq futures were up 162 points.Nvidia's  $40 billion acquisition of chip designer Arm Holdings, and Gilead Sciences'  $21 billion purchase of Immunomedics  were boosting sentiment as were comments from Pfizer's  CEO that the company should know by the end of October whether its coronavirus vaccine candidate will work.If Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine gets approved, it could be distributed in the U.S. by the end of 2020, said CEO Albert Bourla.The  in the U.S. Monday is bare but later in the week will see an interest rates decision from the Federal Reserve and press conference from Fed Chairman Jerome Powell, Retail Sales for August, Housing Starts for August, and U.S. regional Manufacturing data.Homebuilder Lennar  is scheduled to report earnings Monday. Reports later in the week are expected from FedEx , Adobe  and Cracker Barrel .2. -- Oracle Beats Microsoft for TikTok's U.S. Operations Oracle  emerged as the  after the video-sharing app's China-based parent rejected a competing offer from Microsoft .China's ByteDance informed Microsoft of its decision Sunday, the Redmond, Washington-based tech giant said, according to reports from both Bloomberg and Reuters.Walmart  and Microsoft were considered front-runners for the TikTok franchise, after the world's largest retailer joined Microsoft's pursuit in late August, just days after Oracle indicated it also was interested in the valuable American operations. Both President Donald Trump, who ordered the sale of TikTok's U.S. business last month under the guise of national security concerns, and the Chinese government need to approve the sale by Sept. 20. If that deadline passes, Trump told reporters over the weekend, TikTok will cease to operate in its second-largest market."ByteDance let us know (Sunday) they would not be selling TikTok's US operations to Microsoft. We are confident our proposal would have been good for TikTok's users, while protecting national security interests, Microsoft said. "To do this, we would have made significant changes to ensure the service met the highest standards for security, privacy, online safety, and combatting disinformation, and we made these principles clear in our August statement." A deal between ByteDance and Oracle will look more like a corporate restructuring than the outright sale Microsoft had proposed, Bloomberg reported, though it is likely to include a stake in a newly configured American business.Oracle rose 8.37% in premarket trading to $61.77, while Microsoft fell 0.38% to $203.25.Microsoft is a holding in Jim Cramer's. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells the stock? .3. -- Nvidia to Buy Arm Holdings for $40 Billion Nvidia  will buy Arm Holdings from the British chip designer's Japanese parent SoftBank for $40 billion.Nvidia, the computer graphics chip company, will pay $21.5 billion in stock and $12 billion in cash for Arm. SoftBank also may receive up to $5 billion in cash or stock if Arm hits certain financial-performance targets. Nvidia also will issue $1.5 billion in stock to Arm employees.SoftBank purchased Arm for $32 billion four years ago.Nvidia shares jumped 5.01% to $510.98 in premarket trading Monday. SoftBank shares rose 9% in Tokyo.Arm's technology goes into chips powering billions of devices shipping each year - everything from smartphones to video cameras to hard drives to washing machines. "It's a company with reach that's just unlike any company in the history of technology," Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in an interview with Bloomberg. "We're uniting Nvidia's leading AI computing with Arm's vast ecosystem."Nvidia is a holding in Jim Cramer's. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells NVDA? .4. -- Gilead Purchases Immunomedics for $21 Billion Gilled Sciences  reached an agreement to acquire biotech Immunomedics , which makes breast-cancer drug Trodelvy, for $21 billion.Immunomedics shares soared 106.63% to $87.30 in premarket trading Monday while Gilead slipped 1.63% to $64.51.Gilead will pay $88 a share in cash for Immunomedics, a premium of 108% from Immunomedics' closing stock price Friday of $42.25. Immunomedics' market value is about $10 billion.Immunomedics' Trodelvy gained approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in April. "This acquisition represents significant progress in Gilead's work to build a strong and diverse oncology portfolio," said Gilead CEO Daniel O'Day in a statement.5. -- Amazon to Hire 100,000 Workers in U.S. and Canada Amazon.com  said Monday it was hiring 100,000 full- and part-time employees in the U.S. and Canada with starting wages of at least $15 an hour.The new jobs come on top of Amazon's announcement last week it would be filling 33,000 corporate and technology positions.The tech giant and online retailing behemoth also said it would give bonuses of $1,000 to new hires in select cities.Amazon said Monday it would be opening 100 new buildings in September across fulfillment centers, delivery stations, and other sites.Amazon is a holding in Jim Cramer's. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AMZN? .Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

Trump gives Tik Tok ultimatum: agree to sale or stop tradingCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 11, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 307 wordsBodyWASHINGTON, D.C.- US President Donald Trump was adamant this Thursday with the TikTok app, owned by China's ByteDance, by reaffirming that the company has until September 15 to sell its U.S. operations to a local company or will have to leave the US.In statements to the press, the representative said that the September 15 deadline remains and there will be no extensions."No, I'm not going to extend the deadline, no. It's September 15, there won't be any extension of the TikTok deadline," Trump said before getting on the presidential plane to travel to the state of Michigan, key to the November election and where he will today give a rally."The TikTok thing," he said, "is evolving, we'll see what happens. Either they close or they'll sell it. So either we will close TikTok in this country for security reasons or it will be sold."The president has repeatedly assured that TikTok poses a "threat" to U.S. national security, which is why he imposed the September 15 deadline, and is looking to force its sale to a U.S. company like Microsoft, which has shown interest in the popular social network.TikTok, which in the US has more than 80 million users, is one of the most growing social networks in recent years, where it has become the main entertainment for many teenagers and a marketing channel for important celebrities.China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs opposes the forced sale of TikTok, an operation that it believes violates the principles of the World Trade Organization (WTO).Indeed, the Chinese government sees its intention to sell TikTok as one more chapter of the Beijing-Washington trade war, which seeks to contain the growing technological power of the Asian giant, which has already seen telecoms firm Huawei face restrictions, as well as the popular social network WeChat, owned by digital conglomerate Tencent.  Load-Date: September 12, 2020End of Document

Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop tradingCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 11, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 349 wordsBodyWashington, DC. - U.S. President Donald Trump was adamant this Thursday with the TikTok app, owned by China's ByteDance, by reaffirming that the company has until September 15 to sell its U.S. operations to a local company or will have to leave the United States.In statements to the press, the representative said that the September 15 deadline remains and there will be no extensions."No, I'm not going to extend the deadline, no. It's September 15, there won't be any extension of the TikTok deadline," Trump said before getting on the presidential plane to travel to the state of Michigan, key to the November election and where he will today give a rally.                      Either they close or they'll sell it. So either we will close TikTok in this country for security reasons or it will be sold."           Donald Trump, President of the United States                      "The TikTok thing," he said, "is evolving, we'll see what happens. Either they close or they'll sell it. So either we will close TikTok in this country for security reasons or it will be sold."The president has repeatedly assured that TikTok poses a "threat" to U.S. nationalsecurity, which is why he imposed the September 15 deadline, and is looking to force its sale to a U.S. company like Microsoft, which has shown interest in the popular social network.TikTok, which in the United States has more than 80 million users, is one of the mostgrowing social networks in recent years, where it has become the main entertainment for many teenagers and a marketing channel for important celebrities.China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs opposes the forced sale of TikTok, an operation that it believes violates the principles of the World Trade Organization (WTO).Indeed, the Chinese government sees the intention of selling TikTok asyet one more chapter of the Beijing-Washington trade war, which seeks to contain the growing technological power of the Asian giant, which has already seen telecoms firm Huawei face restrictions, as well as the popular weChat social network owned by digital conglomerate Tencent. Load-Date: September 12, 2020End of Document

AP Explains: The Big Promise of 5G TechnologyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 13, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 510 wordsBodyThe advertised "5G" network has several meanings, depending on the person.It is the next major innovation in the field of wired internet communications. It is also the focus of the technology of the future, the control of which will be disputed by the United States and China. For ordinary people, it's a mystery.What exactly is 5G technology? Will we find out when it's working?WHAT DOES 5G MEAN?5G is a new fifth generation mobile network that promises much faster connection speeds, lower "latency" (network response time) and the ability to connect multiple devices at once seamlessly. 5G networks will be able to better handle numerous users, sensors and heavy traffic.Before it can be used, telephone companies and phone manufacturers must be renewed. Phones require new chips and radio antennas that can work with the new network.The telephones have been preparing, modernizing their equipment, acquiring pieces of the radio spectrum to be able to handle 5G signals and installing new antennas in the telephone towers, electrical lines and street lights.WHEN WILL THE 5G NETWORK BE AVAILABLE?It depends on the country, but probably in a few years and does not reach all rural areas.You have to be careful. Phone companies are trying to incorporate the new technology and some already talk about 5G, when it's not really available yet.When the network is ready, you will need a phone that can use it. There are already versions of Android capable of doing so and on Tuesday Apple released its first iPhone for 5G. One can continue to use old 4G phones, but they will not connect to 5G networks when available.WHAT CAN A 5G PHONE DO?There's a lot of talk about the goodness of this network. It is said that you will be able to connect sensors from different networks and allow you to better handle vehicle traffic and more quickly identify street lights that do not work. You will be able to connect autonomous vehicles and make way for new virtual and augmented reality applications. Its fast connections will facilitate remote operations and other forms of telemedicine, help companies and factories automate their operations, and provide companies with dedicated high-speed internet lines."The speed of 5G, and even faster broadbands, will make apps more advanced and the emergence of new Flickr, YoutTube and Snapchats apps. We still don't know which ones," said Benedict Evans, partner of Andreessen Horowitz, a Silicon Valley venture capital firm, on a 2019 blog.At the consumer level, the immediate impact will be less. Movies and other videos can be downloaded faster. Thelander says phones will work best in crowded places, such as stadiums.ANY SECURITY CONCERNS?5G networks are a source of growing tensions between the United States and China. The U.S. government is eradicating Chinese technology in the field of security communications and is pressuring other countries to prohibit Chinese firm Huawei from installing 5G networks.The U.S. government has been suspecting for years that the Chinese can use Huawei's network to spy. Huawei denies it.Load-Date: October 14, 2020End of Document

CONSPIRACY THEORIES ABOUT THE ORIGINS OF COVID-19 OUTWEIGH SCIENCE'S INFLUENCE, RESEARCHERS SAYUS Fed NewsOctober 29, 2020 Thursday 7:17 PM  ESTCopyright 2020 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 505 wordsBodyATLANTA, GA, Oct. 29 -- Georgia State University's Perimeter College issued the following news release:Exposure to conspiracy theories suggesting COVID-19 was human-engineered can have a powerful impact on a person's beliefs, outweighing the influence of science-based messaging and reducing their willingness to act to reduce the spread of the disease, according to new research (https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/1075547020953603) at Georgia State University.A single exposure to conspiracy rhetoric about the origin of COVID-19, alone or in competition with the natural or "zoonotic" scientific explanation, results in a "conspiracy effect" in which individuals become less likely to view actions such as wearing face masks, frequent handwashing and social distancing as necessary to mitigating the virus's spread.Researchers Toby Bolsen (https://cas.gsu.edu/profile/toby-bolsen/), Risa Palm (https://urbaninstitute.gsu.edu/profile/risa-palm/) and Justin Kingsland (https://www.linkedin.com/in/justin-kingsland-5278b4169/) randomly surveyed 1,074 respondents during a five-day period from late April to early May. These subjects were exposed to an article formatted to mimic a news story about the origin of COVID-19, each varying in headline and content. Thirty-three percent identified as Republicans, 40 percent as Democrats and 27 percent as Independents.People who read only the science-based article, when questioned later, were more likely to believe the virus originated naturally from zoonotic (bat) transmission. They also expressed more support for additional biomedical research funding to identify harmful coronaviruses. Those who read the article suggesting COVID-19 was created in a lab by the Chinese government, as well as those who read both versions, were more willing to penalize China. Their intentions to practice necessary public health and safety measures were also reduced."Conspiracy rhetoric can have a profound impact and overpower scientific information," said Palm. "In today's media environment, where individuals may be repeatedly exposed to conspiracy messages, our findings may actually understate the effects of this exposure.""It is important to account for how repeated exposure to conspiracy theories may influence related beliefs in settings that more accurately mimic the real-world information environment," Bolsen said. "This would provide an opportunity to assess the persistence of the effects of both scientific and conspiratorial messaging on audiences."The epidemic of misinformation accompanying the spread of COVID-19 has eroded trust in science and misled individuals about the most effective precautions they can take to quell the virus and ensure safety, the authors conclude."It is urgent that as we seek to control the spread of this and future viruses, we come up with ways to combat misleading and damaging conspiracy rhetoric," said Palm. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: October 31, 2020End of Document

Hong Kong Teen Activist Seeking U.S. Asylum Detained at Last Minute Near ConsulateNewsweek.comOctober 27, 2020 Tuesday 6:44 AM ESTCopyright © 2020 Newsweek Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 510 wordsByline: John FengHighlight: 19-year-old Tony Chung, who had previously been arrested for an alleged breach of the national security law, was reportedly detained from a coffee shop near the U.S. Consulate General in Hong Kong and Macau.BodyA teenage activist attempting to seek asylum at the U.S. consulate in Hong Kong today has been arrested inside a nearby coffee shop by national security officers, local media reported.U.K.-based activism group Friends of Hong Kong confirmed to Newsweek that 19-year-old Tony Chung was being held by police, and that his house was being searched.Chung, former convenor of the now disbanded pro-independence group Studentlocalism, had arrived at the U.S. Consulate General at 8:10 a.m. local time but found it closed, Apple Daily reported.During his 20-minute wait for the U.S. consulate to open, Chung called Friends of Hong Kong from a Pacific Coffee branch just 80 feet from the building. He told them he was being tailed by suspected national security agents before "losing contact," the group said."We can confirm that Tony Chung, who called us this morning to inform us he is followed by Agents, is at the Central District Headquarters, Sheung Wan," the group's spokesperson told Newsweek. "His house is currently being searched."Hong Kong's South China Morning Post reported witnessing the teenager being "flanked by two men as he was led away from the shop."An unnamed police source told the newspaper that Chung had been detained by officers with the national security department. The new Hong Kong police branch oversees enforcement of the national security law passed by the Chinese government in June 30.The report also cited a Friends of Hong Kong group member as saying Chung was taken away by around a dozen uniformed and plain-clothes officers.Defunct activism group Studentlocalism, which continues to operate overseas, said on Facebook that its former leader had "accepted legal assistance," and was "currently recording a statement accompanied by a lawyer."Two former members, Yanni Ho and William Chan, were also arrested by Hong Kong authorities about six hours later, the group said in separate posts. The pair were being held at different police stations and were given legal assistance.In July, Chung and three others became the first activists to be arrested under Beijing's national security law, which bans secession, subversion, terrorism and collusion with foreign powers. Through Studentlocalism, Chung had advocated for Hong Kong to become a republic.According to Apple Daily, Chung could not leave Hong Kong because his passport had been confiscated during his arrest. He had been released on bail and was ordered to report to police today.Friends of Hong Kong, which is based in London, said Chung went to them for assistance in seeking asylum at the American consulate because he feared he "may not return" from his latest summons.Hong Kong police have since announced the arrest of an unnamed 19-year-old male widely believed to be Chung.The individual is accused of breaching article 21 of the national security law by "inciting secession on social media."The public affairs office of the U.S. Consulate General in Hong Kong and Macau told Newsweek it did not have any information to provide at the time of writing.Link to ImageGraphic Hong Kong Student Activist Tony ChungISAAC LAWRENCE/AFP via Getty ImagesFile photo: Hong Kong teenage activist Tony Chung.Load-Date: October 27, 2020End of Document

Mike Pompeo travels to India; possible agreement against ChinaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 26, 2020 MondayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 541 wordsBodyUnited States. - U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Defense Secretary Mark Esper approached India on Monday to begin the first leg of the tour by four nations on the Asian continent, which aims to strengthen U.S.-India relations in the face of Estados Unidoschina's "threat," specifically the Communist Party.On this two-day visit, US secretaries commissioned by Donald Trump will meet with their counterparts Subrahmanyam Jaishankar, foreign secretary, and Rajnath Singh, Secretary of Defense, with those who will work together to confront the power of the Communist Party of China.Barely last September Mike Pompeo had been rejected by Pope Francishimself, who instead sent Cardinal Pietro Paroli, Secretary of State of the Vatican, who sent him a series of "reproaches" concerning the forms of American diplomacy, as well as his requests. Previously, Pompeo had written an article in the American magazine First Things, where he questioned the moral authority of the Catholic Church in case it renewed its agreement with Beijing, China concerning the appointment of its bishops.                           For their part, conflicts between India and China date back to a border confrontation in the middle of the last century, specifically in 1962. This 2020 both nations clashed again. The dispute took place in Cachimira, a place at the foot of the Himalayas. The conflict, which took place with sticks and stones, left 20 dead on the Indian side and an unknown number on the side of Chinese agents, although this government refused to confirm it. In September this year, both nations accused each other of attacks on their borders, sending thousands of soldiers on both sides of the Himalayas.It is hoped that, among the agreements of the US commissioners, Mike Pompeoand Mark Esper,with India's diplomats will be the sharing of geospatial information, which would make it possible for the American nation to provide the technology necessary for the construction of sophisticated military weapons, especially as far as missiles are concerned. In addition, Mark Esperwill attempt to strengthen the relationship between the two armies, for which he could offer exchanges of information and the sale of weapons.Despite the positive outlook that visits by American diplomats raise and that the bilateral military cooperation relationship between the United States and India was strengthened with Donald Trump's arrival in the presidency, India has been resured in its alliance with the United States, as it does not want to get involved in its conflicts with China, as this would do nothing to help with China's claims regarding the borders of India and China, as G. Parthasarthy, a retired Indian diplomat, externized.After the days of visiting Indian territory, Mike Pompeo will travel to Sri Lanka and Indonesia, this in order to defend the one named by the U.S. as "Indo-Pacific region" and keep it "free and open," as opposed to Chinese expansionism. Between these two visits, both Pompeo and Esper will reach the Maldives Islands, where they will discuss the fight against terrorism and security at sea.Mike Pompeo is scheduled to return to the United States on Friday, October 30, a few days before the U.S. presidential election2020.Load-Date: October 27, 2020End of Document

Wall Street Leans Back Pre-Bell; Futures Red, Europe Higher, Asia MixedMT Newswires Live Briefs PROSeptember 3, 2020 Thursday 7:06 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 611 wordsBody Wall Street is leaning back pre-bell Thursday, as traders push broad-market futures down 0.4% from Wednesday's record-high close, as they await clues from the weekly jobless claims report at 8:30 am. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has advised state governments to prepare for a COVID-19 vaccine by Nov. 1. The stock-trading app Robinhood is under scrutiny by the SEC over its relationships with high-speed trading outfits. European bourses are pressing forward after Paris unveiled a $118 billion stimulus proposal, and Asian exchanges closed mixed, with Hong Kong and Shanghai down on fresh tensions between New Delhi and Beijing, and also China and the US.Bitcoin trades at $11,311, West Texas Intermediate crude oil trades for $40.81 and 10-year US Treasuries offer 0.65%. Gold trades near $1,932 an ounce.On the busy economic calendar is the Challenger Job-Cut Report at 7:30 am ET, and then the jobless claims bulletin at 8:30 am ET, with pundits predicting just under 1 million new claims  The goods and services trade report is also due at 8:30 am ET, along with the productivity and costs bulletin. The PMI Composite Final is posted at 9:45 am, and then the ISM Services Index at 10 am. The EIA domestic natural gas inventories release is slated for 10:30 am.For Federal Reserve-watchers, Chicago Fed President Charles Evans speaks at 1 pm.Momo (MOMO), Campbell Soup (CPB), Patterson (PDCO), and Toro (TTC) report earnings pre-bell, among others.In the futures, the S&P 500 is off 0.3%, the Nasdaq is off 0.7% and the Dow Jones is marginally lower.In Europe, the British FTSE 100 is up 0.9%, the French CAC is up 1.9%, and the German DAX is up 1.3%.Asian stock markets were mixed on Thursday as fresh regional geopolitical tensions balanced overnight records on Wall Street. Hong Kong and Shanghai fell back, but Tokyo finished higher, while other regional exchanges were mixed.In Japan, the Nikkei 225 opened higher on New York signals and held firm through the afternoon, finishing up 0.9% as traders weighed prospects for a global economy recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. The yen softened against the US dollar, regarded as a positive in export-oriented Japan.The Nikkei 225 rose 218.38 to 23,465.53, as gaining issues outnumbered losers 169 to 53.In economic news, the final Jibun Bank Japan Services Purchasing Managers; Index (PMI) edged down to 45.0 in August from 45.4 in July, pressured by the COVID-19 pandemic.The Hong Kong Hang Seng openly evenly but wobbled and sank in the afternoon, finishing down 0.5% as traders weighed new tensions between Beijing and New Delhi, and China and the US. The US State Department Wednesday said senior Chinese diplomats in the US must receive federal approval to visit local government officials and university campuses. Also on Wednesday, India's government blocked 118 Chinese mobile apps, in addition to more than 50 China apps banned in June, after the death of an Indian soldier in a contested region along the Indian-China border.The Hang Seng fell 112.49 to 25,007.60, as losing issues outnumbered gainers 28 to 20.On the mainland, the Shanghai Composite fell 0.6% to 3,384.98.In economic news, the China Caixin/Markit Services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) posted at 54.0 in August, down marginally from July's 54.1, but well above the 50-mark that separates growth from contraction, and above 50 for the fourth-straight month.On the other exchanges, the S. Korean Kospi rose 1.3%; the Taiwan TWSE declined 0.5%; the Australian ASX 200 inclined 0.8%; the Singapore Straits Times Index fell 0.3%, and the Thai Set inclined 0.3%. In late trading in Mumbai, the Sensex was off 0.2%.Load-Date: September 3, 2020End of Document

Trump insists on TikTok: Either agree to its sale or it will stop tradingCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 10, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 307 wordsBodyUS President Donald Trump was adamant this Thursday 10-S with the TikTok app, owned by China's ByteDance, by reaffirming that the company has until September 15 to sell its U.S. operations to a local company or will have to leave the country. In statements to the press, the Representative said that the September 15 deadline remains and there will be no extensions."No, I'm not going to extend the deadline, no. It's September 15, there won't be any extension of TikTok's deadline," Trump said before getting on the presidential plane to travel to the state of Michigan, key to the November election and where he will give a rally this Thursday. "The TikTok thing," he said, "is evolving, we'll see what happens. Either they close or they'll sell it. So either we will close TikTok in this country for security reasons or it will be sold." The president has repeatedly assured that TikTok poses a "threat" to U.S. national security, which is why he imposed the September 15 deadline, and is looking to force its sale to a U.S. company like Microsoft, which has shown interest in the popular social network.TikTok, which in the US has more than 80 million users, is one of the most growing social networks in recent years, where it has become the main entertainment for many teenagers and a marketing channel for important celebrities. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs opposes the forced sale of TikTok, an operation that it believes violates the principles of the World Trade Organization (WTO). Indeed, the Chinese government sees its intention to sell TikTok as one more chapter of the Beijing-Washington trade war, which seeks to contain the growing technological power of the Asian giant, which has already seen telecoms firm Huawei face restrictions, as well as the popular social network WeChat, owned by digital conglomerate Tencent.  Load-Date: September 11, 2020End of Document

Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop tradingCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 10, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 309 wordsBodyWashington, Sep 10 (EFE) - U.S. President Donald Trump was adamant this Thursday with the TikTok app, owned by China's ByteDance, by reaffirming that the company has until September 15 to sell its U.S. operations to a local company or will have to leave the U.S. In statements to the press, the representative said that the September 15 deadline remains and there will be no extensions. "No, I'm not going to extend the deadline, no. It's September 15, there won't be any extension of the TikTok deadline," Trump said before getting on the presidential plane to travel to the state of Michigan, key to the November election and where he will today give a rally. "The TikTok thing," he said, "is evolving, we'll see what happens. Either they close or they'll sell it. So either we will close TikTok in this country for security reasons or it will be sold." The president has repeatedly assured that TikTok poses a "threat" to U.S. national security, which is why he imposed the September 15 deadline, and is looking to force its sale to a U.S. company like Microsoft, which has shown interest in the popular social network. TikTok, which has more than 80 million users in the U.S., is one of the most growing social networks in recent years, where it has become the main entertainment for many teens and a marketing channel for major celebrities. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs opposes the forced sale of TikTok, an operation that it believes violates the principles of the World Trade Organization (WTO). Indeed, the Chinese government sees its intention to sell TikTok as one more chapter of the Beijing-Washington trade war, which seeks to contain the growing technological power of the Asian giant, which has already seen telecoms firm Huawei face restrictions, as well as the popular social network WeChat, owned by digital conglomerate Tencent.Load-Date: September 11, 2020End of Document

Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop tradingCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 10, 2020 ThursdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 308 wordsBodyWashington, 10 Sep (EFE News) - President Donald Trump was adamant this Thursday with the TikTok app, owned by China's ByteDance, by reaffirming that the company has until September 15 to sell its U.S. operations to a local company or will have to leave the country.In statements to the press, the representative said that the September 15 deadline remains and there will be no extensions."No, I'm not going to extend the deadline, no. It's September 15, there won't be any extension of the TikTok deadline," Trump said before getting on the presidential plane to travel to the state of Michigan, key to the November election and where he will today give a rally."The TikTok thing," he said, "is evolving, we'll see what happens. Either they close or they'll sell it. So either we will close TikTok in this country for security reasons or it will be sold."The president has repeatedly assured that TikTok poses a "threat" to U.S. national security, which is why he imposed the September 15 deadline, and is looking to force its sale to a U.S. company like Microsoft, which has shown interest in the popular social network.TikTok, which has more than 80 million users in the U.S., is one of the most growing social networks in recent years, where it has become the main entertainment for many teens and a marketing channel for major celebrities.China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs opposes the forced sale of TikTok, an operation that it believes violates the principles of the World Trade Organization (WTO).Indeed, the Chinese government sees its intention to sell TikTok as one more chapter of the Beijing-Washington trade war, which seeks to contain the growing technological power of the Asian giant, which has already seen telecoms firm Huawei face restrictions, as well as the popular social network WeChat, owned by digital conglomerate Tencent.Load-Date: September 12, 2020End of Document

PROCLAMATION ON UNITED NATIONS DAY, 2020States News ServiceOctober 23, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 824 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the White House:Today, on the 75th anniversary of the United Nations (UN), we celebrate its commitment to peace and security, prosperity, human rights, rule of law, and development. The victorious Allies conceived the UN in the ashes of two devastating world wars, welcoming all nations to join together to ensure peace and promote economic prosperity. As a founding member of the UN, which was chartered in San Francisco and is headquartered in New York, the United States remains dedicated to those noble UN purposes and principles. We also recognize that the successes of the UN and its specialized agencies were built on precepts that ensure its good functioning: independence, impartiality, good governance, accountability, and transparency.Because of our continuing belief in the UN's promise and our desire to see it be effective over the next 75 years, we are determined to make the UN more agile, effective, efficient, transparent, and accountable. These efforts will help the UN improve, adapt to crises, and reach its full potential. If the UN is to be an effective organization, it must focus on the real problems of the world, including terrorism, the oppression of women, forced labor, drug cartels, human and sex trafficking, religious persecution, and the ethnic cleansing of religious minorities.The United States is forging a new path of unprecedented domestic and global prosperity, cooperation, and peace. Last month, I brokered historic peace deals between Israel and the United Arab Emirates and Israel and Bahrain, paving the way for broader peace in the Middle East. Known as the Abraham Accords, these diplomatic breakthroughs reflect the shared commitment of every well-intentioned member state to achieve tranquility in the region once and for all. Just today, the leaders of Sudan and Israel also agreed to the normalization of relations between their two countries. In response to Iran's nefarious actions, the United States withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal, and re-imposed sanctions on the Iranian regime. In Europe, my Administration brokered a historic deal on Serbia-Kosovo economic normalization, accelerating economic growth and job creation opportunities. After more than 20 years of limited progress on political negotiations in the Balkans, the commitments made by President VuÄiÄ‡ and Prime Minister Hoti are the first steps in achieving long-term peace and stability in the region. The United States invites all fellow UN Security Council members to join in our country's efforts to promote liberty and freedom across the globe.The United States also encourages the international community to provide complete accountability, responsiveness, and transparency in sharing public health data as we fight the coronavirus pandemic. My Administration maintains that effective relief depends on global public health coordination and widespread access to medical information coupled with personal privacy and security protections. Our recent decision to withdraw from the World Health Organization underscores our firm commitment to hold governmental organizations accountable when they succumb to political influence and fail to uphold their core values. The Chinese Government has misled the international community since the outbreak in Wuhan, and the UN must join with the United States in holding China accountable for its actions.The United States recognizes the integral role the UN has played in the international system for 75 years and honors those who have nobly dedicated their lives to global humanitarian and peacekeeping missions and to setting the conditions for development and prosperity. We also note with great satisfaction the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to the Whole Food Program, which the United States has supported more generously than any other member state since 1961.The United States proudly remains the largest and most reliable supporter of the UN and its founding principles. It is in that spirit that we call on all nations to join the United States in working to ensure the UN continues to live up to its noble ideals of liberty, prosperity, and the pursuit of world peace.NOW, THEREFORE, I, DONALD J. TRUMP, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim October 24, 2020, as United Nations Day. I urge the Governors of the 50 States, the Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the officials of all other areas under the flag of the United States, to observe United Nations Day with appropriate ceremonies and activities.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty-third day of October, in the year of our Lord two thousand twenty, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and forty-fifth.DONALD J. TRUMPWhiteHouse.gov WhiteHouse.govThe White HouseLoad-Date: October 24, 2020End of Document

Figures don't support Donald Trump as market favoriteCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 11, 2020 SundayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 620 wordsBodyU.S. President Donald Trump,who is pursuing his second presidential term as a GOP candidate, is considered by many to be the favorite candidate for the stock market. Investors are drawn to the high consideration he shows Wall Street in making economic cutting decisions.However, the reality is that the fickle way in which politicizes social media, especially Twitter, has impacted shareholder performance and limited market progress, despite its empathy with investments for its entrepreneurial vision. This is clearly seen when comparing the gains in his mandate with those of his predecessor.Contrasts in numbersFrom the start of Donald Trump's administration to the most recent day, the Dow Jones index,made up of 30 industrial giants, has moved 43.37% from a level of 19,827.25 points to 28,425.51 units. The S 500,51.76% from 2,271.31 to 3,446.83 points. The Nasdaq,105.6% from 5,555.33 points to a level of 11,420.98 points.In Democrat Barack Obama's second presidential term,the Dow Jones index moved from 13,245.68 units to 19,827.25 units, with a gain of 11.30 percent. The S 500 rose 12.45% from a level of 1,428.39 to 2,271.31 points. The technological Nasdaq moved 84.44% from a level of 5,555.33 units to 11,420.98 units.In the analysis, two of Wall Street's major ratings recorded higher growth in Barack Obama's presidentialterm, while in Donald Trump's the technology sector grew further, despite the constant struggles between the U.S. and Chinese governments. The latter was due to the explosion of the sector itself.For Angel Amancio, a trader with institutional experience in Madrid and New York, the performance of the stock market in Trump's tenure can receive two analyses. "On the one hand, Trump is an entrepreneur and focuses on helping companies on tax issues, on the other hand, high volatility is the order of the day," the analyst said.He said his numbers reflect slightly lower pace than with Obama precisely because of this factor. "Their lawsuits with China have affected, but in the technology sector there was a better performance from the explosion of the sector. We also have to take into account the pandemic, which despite being a negative factor does not leave it so far behind Obama," he added.Average earningsAmong other actions, Trump cut taxes and thus pushed markets. He took the United States out of the Paris Agreement and freed its companies from environmental obligations. Moreover, the fact that their stance is in favour of business support increased its popularity in this area, even though for many investors it is not the ideal choice.As for the average profit, in Barack Obama's second presidential term, the Dow Jones yielded an average profit of 11.30% per year; S 500 yielded 12.68% annually, and the Nasdaqrose 16.24 percent. With Trump, the average for the main index was 10.25%; the S 500 won 11.76%, and the Nasdaq averaged 20.72% per year.For Jorge S. Soto, master of finance at the University of the Valley of Mexico, seeing the market in the Trump period involves an analysis that separates the rest of the time and the crisis period by Covid-19. The pandemic was a factor that changed the course of all assets drastically, he explained."The fact that the numbers are lower with Trump tells us that in his period he faced the pandemic and this also explains the rise of technology. We know he's an entrepreneur and the profits he gives to companies have placed him as the market candidate," he said.On the volatility caused by his comments, he stated that the market has adapted to that way of acting. A change in the presidency would mean greater uncertainty, because Biden's platform for the sector is not yet clear, he said. jose.rivera@eleconomista.mx KgLoad-Date: October 12, 2020End of Document

Asian Stock Markets Mixed on Wall Street Cues, Geopolitical TensionsMT Newswires Live Briefs PROSeptember 3, 2020 Thursday 6:29 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 332 wordsBody Asian stock markets were mixed on Thursday as fresh regional geopolitical tensions balanced overnight records on Wall Street. Hong Kong and Shanghai fell back, but Tokyo finished higher, while other regional exchanges were mixed. In Japan, the Nikkei 225 opened higher on New York signals and held firm through the afternoon, finishing up 0.9% as traders weighed prospects for a global economy recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. The yen softened against the US dollar, regarded as a positive in export-oriented Japan.The Nikkei 225 rose 218.38 to 23,465.53, as gaining issues outnumbered losers 169 to 53.In economic news, the final Jibun Bank Japan Services Purchasing Managers; Index (PMI) edged down to 45.0 in August from 45.4 in July, pressured by the COVID-19 pandemic.The Hong Kong Hang Seng openly evenly but wobbled and sank in the afternoon, finishing down 0.5% as traders weighed new tensions between Beijing and New Delhi, and China and the US. The US State Department Wednesday said senior Chinese diplomats in the US must receive federal approval to visit local government officials and university campuses. Also on Wednesday, India's government blocked 118 Chinese mobile apps, in addition to more than 50 China apps banned in June, after the death of an Indian soldier in a contested region along the Indian-China border.The Hang Seng fell 112.49 to 25,007.60, as losing issues outnumbered gainers 28 to 20.On the mainland, the Shanghai Composite fell 0.6% to 3,384.98.In economic news, the China Caixin/Markit Services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) posted at 54.0 in August, down marginally from July's 54.1, but well above the 50-mark that separates growth from contraction, and above 50 for the fourth-straight month.On the other exchanges, the S. Korean Kospi rose 1.3%; the Taiwan TWSE declined 0.5%; the Australian ASX 200 inclined 0.8%; the Singapore Straits Times Index fell 0.3%, and the Thai Set inclined 0.3%. In late trading in Mumbai, the Sensex was off 0.2%.Load-Date: September 3, 2020End of Document

Hong Kong Hang Seng Down 0.5% on Fresh Geopolitical TensionsMT Newswires Live Briefs PROSeptember 3, 2020 Thursday 6:25 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 212 wordsBody The Hong Kong Hang Seng openly evenly Thursday but wobbled and sank in the afternoon, finishing down 0.5% as traders weighed new tensions between Beijing and New Delhi, and China and the US. The US State Department Wednesday said senior Chinese diplomats in the US must receive federal approval to visit local government officials and university campuses. Also on Wednesday, India's government blocked 118 Chinese mobile apps, in addition to more than 50 China apps banned in June, after the death of an Indian soldier in a contested region along the Indian-China border. The Hang Seng fell 112.49 to 25,007.60, as losing issues outnumbered gainers 28 to 20.Leading the upside on a down day were Macau gamings houses Galaxy Entertainment (27:HK), and Sands China (1928:HK), up 2.7% an 2.1% respectively. Property developer Country Garden (2007:HK), rose 2.1%.On the downside were Geely Automobile (175:HK), off 6.5%, and then CSPC Pharmaceutical (1093:HK), off 2.8%.On the mainland, the Shanghai Composite fell 0.6% to 3,384.98.In economic news, the Caixin/Markit Services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) posted at 54.0 in August, down marginally from July's 54.1, but well above the 50-mark that separates growth from contraction, and above 50 for the fourth-straight month.Load-Date: September 3, 2020End of Document

Dow Futures Gain As AstraZeneca Resumes Coronavirus Vaccine Trials, Tech and Pharma Deals Boost Market SentimentTheStreet.comSeptember 14, 2020 Monday 6:05 AM EDTCopyright 2020 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 754 wordsByline: Martin BaccardaxHighlight: Nasdaq futures look set to lead Wall Street higher Monday following the worst week for the tech-focused index since March as sentiment improves amid AstraZeneca's move to re-start its late-stage coronavirus vaccine trial.BodyThe Monday Market Minute Global stocks gain as AstraZeneca resumes its late-stage coronavirus vaccine testing following the sudden illness of one of its trial participants. Nvidia agrees to buy rival chipmaker Arm from SoftBank for around $40 billion, while Gilead Sciences swoops in to buy breast cancer treatment specialist Immunomedics for $21 billion. Oracle emerges as the preferred buyer for TikTok, according to multiple media reports, but any deal still needs the approval of both the U.S. and Chinese governments. Treasury yields hold steady ahead of the Federal Reserve's two-day policy meeting, which kicks-off Tuesday, while the dollar continues to slip lower against its global currency peers. U.S. equity futures suggest a firmer open on Wall Street heading into a light week for economic and corporate releases highlight by retail sales on Wednesday and weekly jobless claims Thursday. U.S. equity futures jumped higher Monday as investors reacted to a series of multi-billion takeovers in the tech and pharmaceutical sectors and cheered the resumption of AstraZeneca's  coronvavirus vaccine trial. AstraZeneca, which paused the late-stage trial it's conducting with researchers at Oxford University last week following the unexplained illness of one of its participants, resumed testing over the weekend and said it will "continue to work with health authorities across the world and be guided as to when other clinical trials can resume to provide the vaccine broadly, equitably and at no profit during this pandemic."That news was preceded by comments from Pfizer  CEO Albert Bourla, who suggested that Americans could be receiving doses of its experimental COVID-19 vaccine, which it hopes to have approved by regulators in October, before the end of the year. With solid advances in the vaccine chase, as well as a $40 billion tech sector deal which will see the biggest U.S. chipmaker, Nvidia  purchase British rival Arm from Japan's SoftBank Group, investors were than willing to extend risk into the start of the Monday session and ahead of a relatively light week week for economic and earnings releases highlighted by the Federal Reserve's rate decision and press conference Wednesday. Futures contracts tied to the Dow Jones Industrial Average suggest a 160 opening bell gain , while those linked to the S&P 500 indicate a 26 point advance for the broader benchmark .The Nasdaq Composite index, which has fallen 8.45% so far this month, is poised for a 103 point jump at the start of trading, pulled higher in part by an 8% pre-market surge for Oracle Corp. , which looks set to emerge as the preferred buyer for the U.S. assets of ByteDance's TikTok video sharing app.Drug cancer specialist Immunomedics  as also on the move, rising more than 106% in pre-market trading after accepting an $88 per share bid from Gilead Sciences  that values the Morris Plains, NJ-maker of the breast cancer treatment Trodelvy at around $21 billion.European stocks were also boosted by the tech-sector purchases, as well as the market's broader vaccine optimism and a more positive outlook on Germany's second half recovery from the Economy Ministry. The Stoxx 600 benchmark ticked 0.15% higher in the opening hours of trading, paced by modest gains in Paris and Frankfurt, while Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.05% on the back of weakness in the energy sector and a firmer pound.Benchmark 10-year Treasury note yields held at 0.664% heading into another heavy week of new debt sales, as well as the Fed statement Wednesday, while the U.S. dollar index drifted 0.176% lower against a basket of six global currency peers to trade at 93.157.Oil prices continued to lag the broader market, even with the dollar sagging in overnight trade, as concerns for world demand and robust supplies ahead of this week's OPEC meeting in Vienna that will look at the cartel's compliance with output cuts agreed earlier this summer.WTI contracts for October delivery, the U.S. benchmark, traded 48 cents lower from their Friday close in New York at $36.85 per barrel in early European dealing while Brent contracts for November, the new global benchmark, were seen 43 cents lower at $39.40 per barrel.Overnight in Asia, AstraZeneca's vaccine trial resumption, as well as the pharma and tech-sector M&A activity helped boost the Nikkei 225 to a 0.65% session gain for the Nikkei 225, which closed at 23,559.30 points, while the region-wide MSCI ex-Japan benchmark rose 0.8% thanks in part to solid moves in China, Australia and South Korea. Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

Stocks Rally Higher, Driven by Big Merger News, Nvidia to Buy Arm for $40 BillionMT Newswires Live Briefs PROSeptember 14, 2020 Monday 4:45 PM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 368 wordsBody Equities ended broadly higher on Monday, bolstered by merger news that helped the market recoup some of its losses from last week.Tech shares led the market higher as Nvidia (NVDA) announced over the weekend that it would acquire UK-based chip designer Arm in a $40 billion deal. Nvidia popped 5.8%.Oracle (ORCL) added 4.3% after the cloud-software company confirmed it has agreed to be the "trusted technology provider" for China's ByteDance, which owns the popular TikTok social media app.Oracle beat out Microsoft (MSFT), which had signaled its interest in buying TikTok's operations in the US, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Walmart (WMT) last month said it was joining in Microsoft's pursuit of TikTok. On Sunday, the retailer said it "continues to have an interest in a TikTok investment and continues discussions with ByteDance leadership and other interested parties."Microsoft added 0.7%, and Walmart edged up 0.5%.The Trump administration had given ByteDance until Tuesday to strike a deal to sell off the app's US operations, alleging privacy issues relate to the Chinese government. TikTok has said it is not controlled by Beijing.Gilead Sciences (GILD) rose 2.2% after it agreed on Sunday to acquire biopharmaceutical company Immunomedics (IMMU) for $21 billion to get access of its pipeline of cancer drugs, including breast cancer treatment Trodelvy. Immunomedics skyrocketed 98%.Verizon Communications (VZ) firmed 0.9% after the telecom giant said it would acquire pre-paid wireless company Tracfone from Mexico-headquartered America Movil (AMX) for up to $6.9 billion in a cash-and-stock deal. American Movil added 7.7%.All 11 sectors of the Standard & Poor's 500 ended higher. Information Technology surged about 2.1%, and materials rose almost 1.4%. Newmont (NEM) rose 1.8%, Nucor (NUE) added 1.7%, and Westrock (WRK) advanced 5.7%.Health care rose about 1.4%, lifted by UnitedHealth Group's (UNH) 2.4% gain and Amgen's (AMGN) 1.5% gain.Financials and industrials each rose 1.3%, pulled higher by American Express's (AXP) 3.8% advance and Boeing's (BA) 3.2% gain.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose nearly 1.2%, and the S&P 500 added about 1.3%. The Nasdaq Composite ended up 1.9%.Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

Trump won't extend TikTok sale deadlineCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 11, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 99 wordsBody"Either they close it or sell it," Trump told reporters before addressing Air Force One. "There will be no extension of the TikTok deadline."ByteDance China's parent company of TikTok is mandated to sell its business in the United States before September 15, following U.S. President Donald J. Trump's proscription decree issued due to security concerns, in the context of a trade conflict with the Chinese government.Companies such as Oracle, Microsoft and Walmart have expressed interest in acquiring TikTok's business not only in the United States, but also in Canada, Australia and New Zealand.Load-Date: September 12, 2020End of Document

Walmart Still Interested in TikTok Investment; ByteDance Favors Partnering With Oracle Rather Than SaleMT Newswires Live BriefsSeptember 14, 2020 Monday 10:03 AM ESTCopyright 2020 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 130 wordsBody Walmart (WMT) said in a filing Monday it still has an interest in investing in TikTok and is in talks with ByteDance and other parties.ByteDance, however, reportedly prefers to partner, rather than sell, TikTok to Oracle Corp. (ORCL) in the US, Reuters said, citing a report from China's state-run English television channel CGTN. ByteDance also said it would not sell TikTok's US operations to Microsoft (MSFT), according to the report.US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin confirmed Monday the Trump administration has received a proposal from Oracle for Tiktok over the weekend, and will review the plan this week, according to Reuters.The move comes as ByteDance seeks to avoid a US ban while appeasing the Chinese government.Price: 137.14, Change: +0.44, Percent Change: +0.32Load-Date: September 14, 2020End of Document

Remote teaching is nothing new on the University's Flint and Dearborn campusesMichigan Daily: University of Michigan-Ann ArborSeptember 3, 2020 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 1379 wordsByline: Ayse EldesBodyRemote teaching is nothing new on the University's Flint and Dearborn campusesThursday, September 3, 2020 - 3:35pm. Buy this photoFile Photo/DailyAyse Eldes Daily Staff ReporterWhen Nick Gaspar saw an article about the Chinese government's rush to build a new Wuhan, China hospital in February, the University of Michigan-Flint distance learning director started silently working on a new website in February.Gaspar, an adjunct lecturer in nursing, didn't think the page would ever be used, but in case the University suddenly moved to remote learning, he wanted faculty members to have a resource guide on what to do. He built what is now the Academic Continuity page on the U-M Flint website. The first item on the Academic Continuity page is a video Gaspar didn't think anyone would see. A month later, Gaspar stood in a faculty meeting as everyone watched it."Hello, I'm Nick Gaspar, director of the Office of Extended Learning," he says in the video. "If you are watching this, then there is likely an emergency preventing you from teaching on campus."Gaspar described the week of March 9 as exciting rather than troublesome. Because the University's Flint and Dearborn campuses have regularly offered online courses each semester, many faculty members have previous experience teaching online. Both campuses also had centralized departments responsible for online instruction assistance before remote teaching became universal, which faculty said helped ease the transition.Jill Darling, a lecturer at the College of Arts, Sciences and Letters on the Dearborn campus, has been teaching online for nearly four years. Usually, she teaches one online section and three in-person sections of a writing course."I was pretty comfortable with it, but also teaching online is so different than teaching in person," Darling said. "It's like you have to continually learn and improve the class every time."This year, Daring gained access to Zoom to connect with students in her asynchronous classes. Rather than technical issues or online experience, Darling's primary concern during the remote transition in the winter semester was her students' well-being. Similarly, for Stevens Wandmacher, a philosophy lecturer on the Flint campus, the only difference this semester is teaching synchronously with Zoom. Wandmacher had been teaching at least one online course each semester before COVID-19. He once had a former student take another course with him online because it fit the student's schedule better."We had all that, a well-established staff dedicated to those sorts of things for when COVID started, and people who had never taught online had to switch," Wandmacher said. "We had people that were prepared to help them with experience and whatnot, and I think that helped us a lot in Flint."This pivot felt more rigid for instructors on the Ann Arbor campus, according to Kirsten Herold, a lecturer at the School of Public Health who serves as the Lecturers' Employee Organization vice president. Herold, whose union represents lecturers on all three campuses, said transitioning to online instruction has been particularly difficult for Ann Arbor faculty members, who have less experience with online teaching than faculty on the other campuses. "I think the main difference really was that Ann Arbor until this point had not really embraced online education," Herold said. Looking back at the winter term, when faculty had five days to convert classes to online formats, Cindee Giffen, a Biology lecturer on the Ann Arbor campus, views that time as crisis management. When preparing to teach this semester, Giffen didn't anticipate certain challenges - for example, the large time commitment needed to build an accessible online course.  She spent nine weeks converting her Biology 171 course to a digital format over the summer. "I would say that what we were doing in March was emergency online teaching, it was not really possible for us to use good online pedagogy at that point," Giffen said. "And so it was anxiety-inducing, it was difficult. It was learning a ton of new things all at once."Giffen and her co-instructor recorded lectures, rewrote exams, edited old recordings, modified course content and added COVID-related material, split videos into smaller clips and wrote guiding questions to keep students focused during videos in preparation for fall semester, which she didn't have time to do in March.In the winter term, Giffen had a lab prep staff who, because they were no longer preparing labs for in-person instruction, captioned recordings and could provide assistance in moving the course online. This summer, however, as she prepared for an unprecedented fall semester, she and her co-instructor were left to caption a semester's worth of lectures alone. Nearly 8,300 students came to dorms on the Ann Arbor campus last week. Part of the University's plans for a public-health informed semester includes testing approximately 1,500 students moving into affiliated fraternity and sorority houses in addition to testing 3,000 individuals weekly by the end of September. Decisions related to teaching methods differ by college. In LSA, the largest school at the University, classes with more than 45 are all taught online, while smaller classes vary between in-person, hybrid and remote formats.French lecturer Lauren Wester-Murphy had never taught a course online before this year. She described the process of moving classes online as stressful because so much of the course is now dependent on technology. "But we found that even from morning to evening, some of the technologies might have crashed in the morning but then worked fine for an afternoon class," Wester-Murphy said. "It was basically just like being on your toes all the time."Wester-Murphy and her colleagues are concerned that their hiccups with delivering course content online could impact their evaluations.Teaching evaluations are also a concern for Giffen, who said that many lecturers have less time to prepare for the semester over the summer, either because they work other jobs to earn more money or do not want to do unpaid work. Some lecturers didn't get their teaching assignments until recently, which also left them with less time than they would have hoped for to prepare course materials, Giffen said.Technology services for these classes are also different in Ann Arbor compared to the University's other campuses, according to Herold. She said there is variation among the different schools within the Ann Arbor campus as to how well instructors and tech services have adapted to the needs of online education. Technology and support for online teaching, on the other hand, is centralized in Flint and Dearborn. While Gaspar said this makes his department's communication with faculty more efficient, it may not be a practical option for the Ann Arbor campus, which has more students and faculty.After students moved to remote teaching, there was a period of time when staff were still on campus. On the Flint campus, when faculty and staff were finally told not to return, Gaspar and an instructional designer started trying doors of classrooms to find one unlocked. They had one camera from their office, and the two accompanied Wandmacher to a classroom. They started recording lectures. "We didn't know what was about to happen, but it was less panic and more let's do this," Gaspar said of Flint faculty members' ability to deliver coursework effectively in remote settings. "I wanted to lean back on my training and my experience. I knew that we already had a lot of really strong online infrastructure.""We have faculty who have been well-trained," he added. "I knew that we could get through this."But in Ann Arbor, instructors aren't so sure.Herold said the prospect of teaching in hybrid and, for some courses, fully online formats is overwhelming to think about, especially for those who have previously taught solely in person. Giffen said it is hard to achieve what the University hopes of faculty for the semester. "The guidance given was, 'We want to be flexible, we want to be adaptable, we want to make sure students feel safe,'" Giffen said. "We don't really have support for that."Daily Staff Reporter Ayse Eldes can be reached at aeldes@umich.eduLoad-Date: September 4, 2020End of Document

Euphoria, the first symptom that breaks bull marketsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 8, 2020 TuesdayCopyright 2020 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2020 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 787 wordsBodyIf we contextualize it to current times, like everything in life, the adjustment to circumstances is in relation to our ability to project potential or potential scenarios and operate them as virtual realities.Our agricultural markets are a clear example of the above and when in previous weeks we abused the fact of cornering agricultural prices in the corner of fallen prices, and once cornered with no more room to follow that direction, we end up decoupling them and creating a similar reaction, but in the opposite direction.Let us say that it was only necessary to find a motivation for this to happen and regardless of the validity of this, to the slightest provocation the bearish inertia change and here we are, in an opposite bid that once radicalized we can justify attributing various fundamental causes to it.First of all, demand turns out that China finally enters the space of agricultural and livestock purchases in North America. The Chinese have a huge price differential between their domestic maize and imported maize, just to give you an example of the above, let's say that in recent times it has ranged from $100 to $130 per tonne.With the above I show you that being so expensive maize in China, economically makes a lot of sense to import to that differential, however, the ultimate decision to allow the above is in the hands of the government.The Chinese allow the domestic price to be high as they have eliminated direct subsidies, and indirectly subsidize putting barriers to the importation of maize, therefore doing so is a political measure.Today, the Chinese have come to the international market as aggressive buyers of maize, the numbers make sense, but also the intention to do so in honor of the Phase 1 agreement with the Americans who continue to work on that agreement, but under the radar.The White House is set to use China as a vehicle for political attack on the surface and as a campaign theme, however, the mid-commands behind the curtains continue to promote the trade agenda to give farmers some air and thereby nurture electoral support to those who in some possible scenarios will lose re-election by beating , which I find somewhat exaggerated.Whatever it is, because the bearish shift to bullish, it is now easy for us to highlight the chronicle in an explanatory way once the productive forecasts in The American midwest have changed, and with china's thriving demand, speculators have been unintentionally forced to neutralize positions urgently.On the above and just to make the above more understandable, imagine that you are a brand new speculator, and I present very seriously the case that the price of maize is going to collapse, imagine that I tell you that we are facing the threat of Covid-19, and that demand is canceled because thousands of jobs are lost and that they will keep us in our homes , restaurants are going to close to eliminate outbreaks of contagion, and that's why and many more things, consumption will fall beyond what we can project, and not only that, imagine that I also tell you that the productive cycles in the world are spectacular, that it has been sown even in the pots and that with it, the price direction is not only bearish , is in fact morbidly bearish.Well, with that in mind and being a sophisticated speculator, you take action, and you sell future corn in the Chicago market, you take the chip seriously and put a major financial backing to the previous bet.Things are progressively given as I had told you and for several weeks and on the bearish tour of several dollars I have been right. However, and without warning, things changed and it seems that everything abovetreated is not a lie, but at the same time it is no longer so true, so, being very sharp in your optics, you decide that the bearish bet lacks power, you have made enough money in the inertia of the market, but it is time to change position and decide to neutralize your positions.If you were in the "short" direction (sold) you neutralize buying and if you do it completely you create a buying inertia that detonates more buys and causes others that like you in that instance end up neutralizing, generating a sudden rally that is understood, but is not justified even with the information that we have at hand.That's where we are and already so confidently that euphoria awoke, now everyone is bullish, until they cease to be, as well as when you were only bearish and euphoric. The market has no doubt that it remains irrational longer than a solvent one.Let us be disciplined, respect the price direction, and let us not seek many explanations because as in the bulls, anyone is a bullfighter once the onslaught took off.I encourage.[email protected]Load-Date: September 9, 2020End of Document

PUBG breaks ties with China-based Tencent for India operationsStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeSeptember 8, 2020 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: HI TECH; Pg. 1Length: 370 wordsByline: Sandy MccarthyBodyPUBG was part of 118 other Chinese apps that the government banned, following border clashes with China. But even after the decision, players are at ease that they can still play the game even after Google Play Store and Apple App Store removed PUBG Mobile.If you are excited about PUBG Mobile still working despite being banned in India, don't be so sure.Kashmir Valley in Jammu and Kashmir Union Territory has probably become the first place to witness protests over the ban on the popular online mobile game Player Unknown's Battlegrounds (PUBG) by the government of India. PUBG Mobile was put on a watchlist during a previous round of ban on Chinese origin apps from India. PUBG Corporation will take on all the publishing rights for the PUBG Mobile in India. The game has been accused of censoring free speech and has been the cause of many deaths due to addiction as well.Covid-19: India surpasses Brazil, second most affected country globallyYet, the health ministry is only harping on the fact that the COVID recovery rate has climbed to 77.32pc in the country. India has surpassed Brazil to become the country with the second-highest number of coronavirus infections in the world.PUBG is committed to providing its "own experience" to the Indian gaming community "by sustaining a localized and healthy gameplay environment for its fans", the statement said.It's important to note that Tencent games had moved its servers for Indian players to India in order to comply with the government's regulations."Moving forward, PUBG Corporation will take on all publishing responsibilities within the country", the company said in the statement on its website. We were shocked the moment we came across the shocking news that the government has banned PUBG in India. Aside from rolling out regular content updates, the company said it was is exploring different ways to engage players in India through various region-based activities, including esports and community events. PUBG Corp is a South Korean company which hosts the PC and console versions of PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds. After all, India was one of the biggest markets for the game with a whopping 50 million monthly active users on the game prior to its ban.Load-Date: September 9, 2020End of Document

Maryland unemployment rate down to 6.9%Stillman Advance: Stillman CollegeSeptember 21, 2020 MondayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: MARKETS; Pg. 1Length: 368 wordsByline: Jean GarciaBodyColorado employers added 36,900 nonfarm payroll jobs in August, which dropped the state's seasonally-adjusted unemployment rate to 6.7% last month - down from 7.4% in July, Colorado Department of Labor and Employment officials said Friday.In Orange County, where seasonally adjusted numbers were not available, the August jobless rate was 9.9%, down from 12.3% in July.After jumping to 10.2% in April due to the coronavirus pandemic, the rate had decreased each subsequent month, dropping to a low of 7.1% in July.The latest data add further detail to the 1.37 million jobs added in August and underscore the varying speeds at which state economies have been able to recover from massive - and uneven - job losses.Nationally, 40 USA states added jobs in August, while employment was essentially unchanged in the remaining 10 states.Scribe Rajeev Sharma arrested for allegedly passing sensitive info to ChinaBesides these visits, Rajeev Sharma was also in contact with Michael and Xou through e-mail and social media. Yadav described how Sharma allegedly fell into the clutches of the Chinese .Government jobs grew during the month. The national rate for August was 8.5%, down from 10.5%.The lowest unemployment rate in the Bay Area was found in Marin County at 7%; the lowest in the state was in Lassen County at 6.7%.Arkansas reported the 26th lowest rate in the USA last month, compared with Louisiana (7.6%), MS (7.9%) and Tennessee (8.5%). Among the battleground states, Arizona, Nevada and Texas have the most combined permanent and temporary closures per 1,000 businesses, Yelp showed.The only sector to post a gain in jobs from the same time as last year was the Government sector, which was up for the year by about 400 positions. Next was hires in retail, 3,100, and administrative and support services, 3,000. The largest volume gain was in trade, transportation & utilities, up 19,600 jobs from July. Compared to a year ago, Hampton Roads was down 41,600 jobs. However, decreases were seen in the leisure and hospitality sector, education and health services sector and the professional and business services sector, among others.Graphs and information about the Arkansas and US joblessness rates.Load-Date: September 21, 2020End of Document

THE REAL JOE: BIDEN INC.States News ServiceOctober 30, 2020 FridayCopyright 2020 States News ServiceLength: 2700 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the Republican National Committee:THE BIDEN FAMILY AND THEIR BUSINESS PARTNERS EXPLICITLY TRADED ON JOE BIDENS NAME IN THEIR PROPOSED JOINT VENTURE WITH A CORRUPT CHINESE STATE-OWNED ENERGY COMPANY WITH TIES TO THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY AND PEOPLES LIBERATION ARMY, WITH A FORMER BUSINESS ASSOCIATE TESTIFYING THAT JOE BIDEN WAS PERSONALLY INVOLVED IN THE DEALA New York Post report outlined the Biden familys pursuit of a joint venture, SinoHawk Holdings, with CEFC China Energy Co., a partnership that a Senate report said posed an extortion and counterintelligence risk because the firms chairman, Ye Jianming, has deep ties to the Peoples Liberation Army and the Chinese Communist Party.The joint venture was seeking a $10 million seed investment from CEFC China Energy, with the goal of eventually securing billions of dollars in investments in the U.S. and around the world.An email released by the New York Post report outlined a proposed share ownership structure that included 10 held by H for the big guy?In an interview, former Hunter Biden business associate, Tony Bobulinski, said that I 1000% sit here and know that the big guy is referencing Joe Biden.Another report found that one of the people on an explosive email thread allegedly involving Hunter Biden has corroborated the veracity of the messages, which appear to outline a payout for former Vice President Joe Biden as part of a deal with a Chinese energy firm.Despite Joe Bidens claims to the contrary, Bobulinski said that he had met Joe Biden twice - both times in Los Angeles, on the night of May 2, 2017, and the morning of May 3, 2017.Hunter Biden and his business partners touted Joe Bidens friendly relations with Colombias President in their sales proposal, which included a series of oil investments.An investment outline also mapped out prospective investment opportunities in Oman, Romania, and Luxembourg.Emails show that Hunter Biden made it clear that one of the companys goals was to avoid violating the anti-bribery Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or having to register as foreign agents as he pursued potentially lucrative deals with CEFC.According to emails obtained by the New York Post, Hunter and his associates targeted key domestic contacts including Gov. Andrew Cuomo for potential projects across the country.Additionally, the venture aimed to target Kamala Harris, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, and former Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, among others.In an interview, Tony Bobulinski said that Joe Biden gave an emphatic no to putting proper governance in place for business with Hunter.Bobulinski has said that Hunter wanted to use the company as his personal piggy bank by just taking money out of it as soon as it came from the Chinese.Although the joint venture ultimately fell through, a Senate report said that CEFC affiliates wired $5 million to Hunter Bidens law firm over the course of a year beginning in August 2017, noting that some of the wire transfers were flagged by banks for potential criminal financial activity.The New York Post obtained an Attorney Engagement Letter executed in September 2017 in which one of Ye Jianmings top lieutenants, former Hong Kong government official Chi Ping Patrick Ho, agreed to pay Hunter Biden a $1 million retainer for Counsel to matters related to US law and advice pertaining to the hiring and legal analysis of any US Law Firm or Lawyer.In a recently obtained recording, Hunter Biden called Patrick Ho the spy chief of China.In December 2018, Ho was convicted for his involvement in two schemes to pay $3 million in bribes to high-ranking government officials in Africa for oil rights in Chad and lucrative business deals in Uganda.In a February 2018 court filing, federal prosecutors revealed the existence of at least one Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant against Patrick Ho, suggesting that he was suspected of acting as a covert agent of a foreign government.Bobulinski said that in 2017, he asked James Biden how he could get away with all their business dealings?James Biden replied: Plausible deniability.When asked to respond to allegations against him and his family, James Biden refused to answer questions.In an interview, Tony Bobulinski said that he thinks Joe Biden and the Biden family are compromised.HUNTER BIDEN AND HIS ASSOCIATES ARRANGED A WHITE HOUSE VISIT AND MEETING WITH THE FORMER VP FOR A GROUP OF BILLIONAIRE INVESTORS TIED TO THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY, AND WORKED TO OBTAIN U.S BANK ACCOUNTS FOR ELENA BATURINA, A RUSSIAN BILLIONAIRE WHO WIRED MILLIONS TO A COMPANY CONTROLLED BY HUNTER BIDENOn October 20, 2020, it was reported that the China Entrepreneur Club was able to secure a White House meeting with then-Vice President Biden and other White House officials through Hunter Bidens associates in 2011.Established in 2006, the CEC is led by high officials of the Chinese Communist Party, some government officials (including diplomats), and billionaire business executives with close ties to the regime.Gary Fears, an associate of Hunter Biden, was reached out to by Mohamed Kashoggi, who is reported to have acted as an intermediary for the CEC and emphasized that the Club wanted to see the White House, and have a senior US politician, or senior member of Obamas administration give them a tour.Kashoggi also stressed that the Clubs mandate was to let the U.S. know that the Chinese private sector is ready and willing to invest in America, and that cultivating the CEC would be a soft diplomacy play that could be very effective.Fears forwarded his communications with Kashoggi to Devon Archer, who then met with the intermediary and later told his associates, minus Hunter Biden, that the group would get a White House tour.Based on interviews with former Hunter Biden business partner Bevan Cooney, his emails, and White House visitor logs, the CEC toured the White House on November 14, 2011, got high-level access, and reportedly had an off-the-books meeting the former Vice President Joe Biden.On October 22, 2020, emails released by Cooney detailed how Archer and his associates were strategizing how to open banking accounts in the United States for Elena Baturina, a Russian billionaire whose late husband was once the Mayor of Moscow.In January, John Galanis alleged in a court filing that his son, Jason, worked with Hunter Biden and their partner Devon Archer to help Baturina launder money through the U.S. financial system.A recently released Senate report showed that Baturina wired $3.5 million to Rosemont Seneca Thornton, a company controlled by Hunter Biden and Archer, on February 14, 2014, and also transferred another $241,797 to a bank account for Rosemont Seneca Thornton from May-December 2015.Emails from a month before the $3.5 million transfer show Archer and Jason Galanis scrambling to open bank accounts for Baturina so she could invest in Burnham Securities, an investment firm controlled by Galanis, Archer and Biden.Cooneys emails revealed that Jason and Archer discussed and managed to open an account for Baturina at J.P. Morgan.Cooneys emails also reveal that Archer and Jason discussed helping Baturina open an account at Banc of California.In his affidavit, John Galanis wrote that Jason Galanis, Hunter Biden, and Archer had tried to help Baturina open an account at Banc of California, alleging it was numerous attempts to avoid sanctions with the assistance of Archer, Biden, Jason Sugarman and Jason Galanis.THIS NEW INFORMATION HAS UNDERSCORED PREVIOUS REPORTS THAT CONFIRM BURISMA, A UKRANIAN NATURAL GAS COMPANY OWNED BY OLIGARCH MYKOLA ZLOCHEVSKY, HIRED HUNTER BIDEN WITH THE GOAL OF LEVERAGING HIS NAME TO DIFFUSE REPEATED INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE COMPANY FOR SUSPECTED CORRUPTIONOn October 14, 2020, The New York Post reported that an email from Hunter Biden shows that he sought to leverage his connections to his father to boost his pay from a Ukrainian natural gas company, BurismaHunter Biden emailed Archer that we need to ask for long term agreement and across the board participation to make sure they were protected financially regardless of the outcome and avoid being frozen out of a lot of current and future opportunities.Hunter Biden also noted that the contract should begin now not after the upcoming visit of my guy, which was reportedly referring to then-Vice President Joe Biden.From 2014 to 2015, Hunter and his business partners were paid $3.4 million to represent Burisma Holdings to have well-connected Democrats defend the company from U.S. and Ukrainian investigations.In May 2014, Hunter Biden was asked by an adviser for Burisma Holdings whether he could use your influence as son of Vice President Joe Biden to help stop politically motivated actions.The New York Times reported that, in 2016, Then-Vice President Biden had sought for and succeeded in ousting a Ukrainian prosecutor general that had been investigating Hunters client Burisma.Before leaving the board of Burisma in 2019, Hunter Biden was reportedly paid as much as $50,000 a month.Multiple Obama administration officials raised concerns to the White House in 2015 about Hunter Biden serving on the board of a Ukrainian natural-gas company while then-Vice President Joe Biden led U.S. policy efforts toward the country.George P. Kent, a former State Department officer stationed in Kiev, Ukraine, raised concerns with a senior White House official in 2015 about Hunter Biden holding a position on the board of Burisma but the official told Kent that Joe Biden did not have the bandwidth to address the concerns.HUNTER BIDEN AND HIS ASSOCIATES ARE UNDER AN ACTIVE FBI INVESTIGATION FOR MONEY LAUNDERINGThe FBI has confirmed the existence of an active, ongoing investigation into Hunter Biden and his associates that is focused on money laundering.According to the FBI, the investigation has been ongoing since 2019.Former Biden family business associate said that he was interviewed by the FBI for five hours and was listed as a material witness for the agency.THESE NEW REVELATIONS CLOSELY ADHERE TO A DECADES-LONG PATTERN OF INAPPROPRIATE AND UNETHICAL BUSINESS ASSOCIATIONS AND DEALINGS BY THE BIDEN FAMILY, CENTERED AROUND LEVERAGING THE POLITICAL INFLUENCE AND ADVANTAGES OF THE BIDEN NAME AND POLTICAL NETWORK FOR FAMILY PROFITIn October 2020, a federal appeals court reinstated the conviction of long-time business associate of Hunter Biden, Devon Archer, on securities fraud and conspiracy charges, as a result of a $60 million fraudulent tribal municipal bond scheme that took place between 2014 and 2016.Another Hunter Biden business associate, Jason Galanis, was convicted and sentenced to 14 years in prison for his participation in the same scheme.According to the Wall Street Journal, Hunter Bidens name was used as a selling point in the scheme, with Devon Archers lawyers saying that Hunter was part of this deal.At the same time that Joe Bidens son-in-law, Howard Krein, who is married to Ashley Biden, has been advising Bidens campaign on its coronavirus response, Kreins venture capital business has been running a special initiative to invest in health care startups that profit off the pandemic.In March 2020, the FBI raided Americore Health, a health care business linked to James Biden. In the weeks following the raid, two small medical firms that did business with James Biden claimed in civil court to have obtained evidence that he may have fraudulently transferred funds from Americore outside of the ordinary course of business, with a former Americore executive telling POLITICO that James Biden had more than half a million dollars transferred to him from the firm as a personal loan that had not been repaid.In 2019, James Biden was accused, in a lawsuit, of using his brothers name and connections to the Biden Cancer Initiative to promote his own business dealings during a pitch to medical investors.In sworn declarations filed in Tennessee, James Biden is alleged to have promised to have his powerful brother help and incorporate a helpful healthcare model into his presidential campaign.In 2016, Hunter Biden worked for a Romanian real estate tycoon facing criminal charges for a corrupt land deal while Joe Biden was pushing for a crackdown on corruption in Romania.In 2015, John Hynansky, a Joe Biden donor with deep ties to Ukraine, loaned James Biden half-a-million dollars at the same time the then-vice president oversaw U.S. policy toward the country. The loan came as James faced financial difficulties related to his acquisition of a multimillion-dollar vacation home, nicknamed the Biden Bungalow, in South Florida.In September 2014, while Ashley Biden was working at the Delaware Center for Justice and Joe Biden was serving as vice president, the organization received a $166,000 federal grant. After the organization received the grant, Ashley was promoted to executive director.From 2011 to 2013, multiple foreign business meetings drew public scrutiny from outsiders including one that took place just hours after Hunter Bidens father, the Vice President, met with Chinese President Hu in Washington.In 2010, James Biden was brought on to Hill International, a firm tasked with building low cost housing in Iraq that said the Biden last name helped him get in the door.In 2009, an investment firm linked to Hunter Biden received over $130 million in federal bailout loans while his father Joe Biden was vice president and routed profits through a subsidiary in the Cayman Islands. Financial experts said the offshore corporate structure could have been used to shield earnings from U.S. taxes.ABC News reported that starting in 2009 Frank Biden, Joes youngest brother, leveraged his famous name for business gain by putting it to work on an imperiled charter school project in Florida that only graduated 35% of its students.In 2007, Hunter and James Biden were sued for their controversial hedge fund practices at Paradigm Global Advisors.Hunter Biden was made president with an annual salary of $1.2 million, despite his inexperience in the hedge fund industry, the lawsuit said.Over the course of Hunter and James Bidens tenure at Paradigm Global Advisors, the fund was associated with a number of alleged and confirmed frauds, including a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme, while seeking to draw on their familys political network for financing.In 2005, Scott Green, a lobbyist with close ties to Joe Biden, purchased undeveloped U.S. Virgin Islands property from James Biden and then extended him a private mortgage. Both before and after the land transaction, his clients benefited from Joe Bidens support and appropriations requests.In 2000, James Biden and his wife received a $350,000 loan from Leonard Barrack, a Philadelphia lawyer and former DNC finance chairman. Joe Biden, the Senate Judiciary chairman, had named Barrack, a campaign donor, to his honorary council of advisers. A few months after the loan, James paid off a $145,000 IRS lien.In 1997, Joe Bidens national finance chairman and fundraiser, Joel Boyarsky, extended a $200,000 loan to James Biden when he and his wife Sara bought a $650,000 villa outside Philadelphia.In 1996, shortly after a top executive at MBNA bank bought a house from Joe Biden, Hunter Biden was hired by the company to a six-figure position.In 1995, a group of Mississippi trial lawyers enlisted James Biden and his consulting firm, the Lion Hall Group, to further its interests in Washington as it sought congressional support for a tobacco mega-settlement. Neither James nor Lion Hall ever appeared in federal lobbying disclosures.While Joe Biden was a Senator, Hunters partners secured $25 million in federal earmarks for the University of Delaware and received firm fees totaling $1.5 million for its work on behalf of the school.In 1975, shortly after Joe Biden became a Senator, James Biden and his business partner received a $500,000 loan from First Pennsylvania Bank, despite having only $40,000 in combined assets. Sources at the bank said the loan was made because James was Joe Bidens brother.Load-Date: October 30, 2020End of Document

U.S. Investors May Be Offered TikTok Stock Within a YearRealMoneySeptember 18, 2020 Friday 6:11 AM EDTCopyright 2020 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 906 wordsByline: Alex Frew McMillanHighlight: An IPO on U.S. markets is in the cards if a proposal to form TikTok Global wins approval in Washington and Beijing.BodyU.S. investors could get their hands on TikTok stock inside a year if the company's parent, ByteDance Ltd., pushes ahead with its deal with Oracle Corp.  .Both the Chinese and U.S. governments likely will need to approve the plan, which would result in a company called TikTok Global.ByteDance is planning for an initial public offering (IPO) in the United States inside 12 months, according to multiple reports. TikTok is the world's most-popular app at the moment, downloaded by more than 2 billion people globally and used on a daily basis by 100 million Americans.ByteDance has negotiated a deal with business software provider Oracle that would see Oracle become its preferred technology partner.Oracle also would take a stake in the new company that Reuters says would amount to 20%. It is likely that Sequoia Capital, General Atlantic and Coatue Management -- U.S. venture capital investors with a stake in ByteDance already -- would do the same.Walmart Inc.  had been negotiating to form a buyer's group with Microsoft Corp.  and continues to be interested in investing into TikTok. It may end up doing so and taking a seat on the board. Microsoft, which said on Sunday that it had been rejected by ByteDance, has reiterated that it is out of the running but hasn't made that clear to the man at the top."We spoke today to Walmart, Oracle, I guess Microsoft is still involved," U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday. "We'll make a decision but not much has changed."Bloomberg reports that U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs  and hedge fund executive, made changes to a term sheet and sent the revised version to ByteDance and Oracle, which accepted it.The sticking points in the current negotiations would be the ownership stake that ByteDance would retain in TikTok Global and what will happen to its source code. ByteDance is keen to retain control of the company. China has ordered that predictive algorithms and artificial intelligence cannot be sold out of China without approval from the Chinese authorities.As it now stands, it seems U.S. investors eventually will end up holding at least 60% of TikTok Global. It is not clear whether the IPO shares sold to the public and institutional investors would count toward that tally, but that would make sense as a way for ByteDance to reduce its stake.Just to add an extra wrinkle, it appears the White House has given the OK to a term sheet on some aspects of the deal, but Trump has not yet approved it.TikTok was recently valued at US$50 billion. TikTok Global would have a U.S. CEO, a board of directors nominated in the majority by U.S. investors and a digital security expert with oversight on how the company operates. The IPO would come on a U.S. exchange within a year, but all the details remain fluid.ByteDance already has pledged to create 25,000 jobs in the United States. It also has set up TikTok's headquarters in Los Angeles, although its chosen CEO, the ex-Disney streaming chief Kevin Mayer, resigned after three months rather than deal with all these political headaches.Microsoft had been negotiating to buy TikTok's operations in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. It is not clear how TikTok's non-American operations outside China will be treated.To address national security concerns but without a sale of the software, it appears that Oracle will be able to inspect TikTok's source code but would not own it. No numbers have been thrown around as to how much each investor will put up.Trump has ordered U.S. companies to stop doing business with ByteDance by Monday. That's 45 days after his first order on the company, due to what he says are national security concerns about the short-video app.Trump has also ordered that ByteDance divest itself of TikTok by Nov, 13. That's based on the premise that the Beijing-based company should not have been allowed to buy the Shanghai-based short-video app Musical.ly, as it did in 2018, dramatically ramping up its U.S. customer base.ByteDance said on Thursday that China would need to approve the proposed deal. A key sticking point for the White House is that the ByteDance stake must be less than 50% of the new company.Among Republicans, 69% support the president's order for TikTok to be divested, although only 32% say they're familiar with what TikTok actually does.It lets people make 15-second videos. Those are mainly dance-synchs to hot new tracks, jokes, or tips about makeup. Quite how those constitute a national security threat is anyone's guess.A friend of mine here is convinced that Beijing executes some kind of mind control by pushing pro-Communist video content to susceptible minds while censoring topics such as Tiananmen Square, Uighur concentration camps and pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong Kong.The Chinese authorities undoubtedly do censor that content in China, as they do on every app or tech platform. TikTok says it does not censor politically hot topics outside China. And China could use U.S.-owned apps such as Facebook  , Twitter  or LinkedIn to push propaganda."Clearly there's been a politicization of TikTok," Forrester Research principal analyst Dipanjan Chatterjee tells Reuters.There are now 20 pages in the terms designed to address how the data of U.S. citizens is treated. Thank goodness those Drake dance moves won't fall into the wrong hands. What would Chinese President Xi Jinping do to the Toosie Slide?Load-Date: September 19, 2020End of Document

Business HighlightsAssociated Press InternationalOctober 15, 2020 Thursday 9:00 PM GMTCopyright 2020 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 942 wordsByline: The Associated PressBody___US jobless claims rise to 898,000 with layoffs still highWASHINGTON (AP) — The number of Americans seeking unemployment benefits rose last week to 898,000, a historically high number that is evidence that layoffs remain a hindrance to the economy’s recovery from the pandemic recession that erupted seven months ago. Thursday’s report from the Labor Department shows that the job market remans fragile, and it coincides with other recent data that have signaled a slowdown in hiring. The economy is still roughly 10.7 million jobs short of recovering all the 22 million jobs that were lost when the pandemic struck in early spring.___As election uncertainty sweeps markets, the pros hold steadyNEW YORK (AP) — This presidential election is clearly unlike any other, but investors might be wise to treat it just like most of the previous ones. History shows the stock market’s performance doesn’t correlate that closely with which party controls the White House: It tends to rise following elections regardless of who wins. Because of that, many fund managers are sticking with their investment strategies and focusing on the long term — even in a year when the election’s outcome could be in doubt past Election Day, and the nation is in the grip of a pandemic.___IMF warns global economy could be permanently scarredWASHINGTON (AP) — The global economy’s recovery from the pandemic recession is tentative and uneven and “marked by significant uncertainty” as confirmed coronavirus cases spread in many countries, global finance ministers warned Thursday. The policy-setting panel of the 189-nation International Monetary Fund concluded a virtual meeting Thursday with a joint statement that warned of permanent damage from the worst global downturn since the Great Depression of the 1930s unless countries receive further economic support.___Stocks fall on Wall Street as coronavirus spreads in EuropeNEW YORK (AP) — Stocks ended mostly lower on Wall Street, giving the S&P 500 its third straight loss this week. The benchmark index slipped 0.2% Thursday. Rising infections in Europe and new measures to contain the coronavirus there motivated traders to pull money out of riskier investments. European markets fell broadly after France imposed a curfew on many of its biggest cities and Londoners faced new travel restrictions. United Airlines slumped after reporting that its revenue plummeted over the summer. Crude oil prices fell and Treasury yields were mixed. Small-cap stocks bucked the downward trend and ended higher.___YouTube follows Twitter and Facebook with QAnon crackdownOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — YouTube is following the lead of Twitter and Facebook, saying that it is taking more steps to limit QAnon and other baseless conspiracy theories that can lead to real-world violence. The Google-owned video platform said Thursday it will now prohibit material targeting a person or group with conspiracy theories that have been used to justify violence. One example would be videos that threaten or harass someone by suggesting they are complicit in a conspiracy such as QAnon, which paints President Donald Trump as a secret warrior against a supposed child-trafficking ring run by celebrities and “deep state” government officials.___Shares of Chinese retailer Miniso jump in 1st day of tradingHONG KONG (AP) — Miniso, a Chinese discount retailer known for its fashionable but affordable household products, raised $608 million in a U.S. initial public offering in New York. The Guangzhou-based retailer is the latest Chinese company to list in the U.S., amid tensions that have taken U.S.-China relations to their worst level in decades. Miniso founder Ye Guofu, who owns an 80% stake in the company, is set to become a billionaire following the listing, with a net worth of about $4 billion. Miniso found success in brick-and-mortar retailing by modeling itself after Japan’s 100-yen stores, which sell a variety of products at about $1 each.___US long-term mortgage rates fall to low; 30-year at 2.81%WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. long-term mortgage rates fell this week as the key 30-year loan reached a new all-time low for the tenth time this year. Home loan rates have marked a year-long decline amid economic anxiety in the recession set off by the coronavirus pandemic. Mortgage buyer Freddie Mac reports that the average rate on the 30-year mortgage fell to 2.81% from 2.87% last week. The average rate on the 15-year fixed-rate mortgage declined to 2.35% from 2.37%. The low borrowing rates have bolstered demand by prospective homebuyers. But the demand has been constrained by the economic hardship brought by the coronavirus pandemic.___DOJ charges Texas billionaire in $2 billion tax fraud schemeSAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Federal prosecutors have charged Texas billionaire Robert Brockman in a $2 billion tax fraud scheme that they say is the largest such case against an American. Department of Justice officials said at a news conference Thursday in San Francisco that 79-year-old Brockman hid the money over 20 years in a complicated scheme involving false returns and secret bank accounts. Prosecutors also charged him with investor fraud. The indictment was unsealed Thursday and Brockman is scheduled to make an appearance. Prosecutors also announced that Robert Smith will cooperate in the investigation and pay $139 million to settle a tax probe.___The S&P 500 fell 5.33 points, or 0.2%, to 3,483.34. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 19.80 points, or 0.1%, to 28,494.20. The Nasdaq composite gave up 54.86 points, or 0.5%, to 11,713.87. The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks rose 17.23 points, or 1.1%, to 1,638.88.Load-Date: October 15, 2020End of Document

Vaccine trials in United Kingdom to resume: AstraZenecaStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeSeptember 14, 2020 MondayUniversity WireCopyright 2020 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: MARKETS; Pg. 1Length: 520 wordsByline: Jean GarciaBodyThe MHRA, in turn, confirmed that the trials could resume, the Swedish-British drug giant added."AstraZeneca is committed to the safety of trial participants and the highest standards of conduct in clinical trials", Saturday's statement read. The Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine has been named Covishield in India.Temporary halts are common in vaccine trials, but the pause on the front-runner for the coronavirus raised eyebrows earlier this month as at least 176 ongoing research efforts as medical leaders in countries across the world race to deliver a vaccine to get a hold on the coronavirus pandemic.In a statement yesterday, Oxford University said: "The ongoing randomised controlled clinical trials of the Oxford coronavirus vaccine will resume across all United Kingdom clinical trial sites"."On 6 September, the standard review process triggered a voluntary pause to vaccination across all global trials to allow the review of safety data by independent committees and worldwide regulators", AstraZeneca stated.Google unveils budget Pixel phone as pandemic curbs spendingIncluded in the list are the highly anticipated Google Pixel 4A , the 5G-capable version dubbed the Pixel 4A 5G, and the Pixel 5 . The Pixel 4a goes directly against the Apple SE 2020 in any way you see it, and it's doing great in the comparison .Charlotte Summers, lecturer in intensive care medicine at Cambridge University, welcomed the resumption of the Oxford trial and said the researchers had shown their commitment "to putting safety at the heart of their development program".The AstraZeneca statement said information about the illness the woman suffered can not be disclosed.The Serum Institute of India said, "Once DCGI (Drugs Controller General of India) gives us permission to restart the trials in India, we will resume the trials".Meanwhile, scientists at Imperial College London working on a separate clinical trial of an experimental vaccine plan to up the dosage on patients.Although initial studies didn't reveal serious side effects from the vaccine, rare complications of any vaccine, if there are any, may not turn up until it has been administered to thousands, or tens or thousands of people. To this extent, only China and Russian Federation have expressly announced that their COVID-19 vaccines are ready for administration. The study explored the acceptance levels of vaccines and how they have changed in 149 countries between 2015 and 2019. It should be noted that under Chinese vaccine law, the government could approve the emergency use of vaccines and other drugs in cases of national or global health emergencies. The vaccine immediately garnered criticism from the global scientific community because of the lack of data on advanced human trials. This vaccine is a combination of two adenoviruses Ad5 and Ad26 and both of these have been engineered with a coronavirus gene to produce immune responses in humans to protect them against the Covid-19 virus. The world may not see the vaccine in November or December 2020 as there are also logistical challenges in terms of manufacturing and global distribution.Load-Date: September 15, 2020End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 23 of 199BREAKINGVIEWS-The solution for TikTok exposes its new owners to future risks  Page 25 of 199TikTok deal deadline approaches, US urges Court to back Trump veto  Page 27 of 199Trump says he won't extend deadline for US TikTok sale  Page 29 of 199Trump says he won't extend deadline for US TikTok sale  Page  of Oracle goes to TikTok rescue in US  Page  of Oracle goes to TikTok rescue in US  Page 33 of 199The world order in the post-COVID-19 era  Page 35 of 199ADL REPORT: ANTI-ASIAN HOSTILITY SPIKES ON TWITTER AFTER PRESIDENT TRUMP'S COVID DIAGNOSIS  Page 37 of 199Global Octane Improver Fuel Additives Market Report 2020-2025 Featuring Innospec, Dorf Ketal, Total, Afton Chemical, and LyondellBasell Industries  Page 39 of 199PROPAGANDIST WHO PURGED CUTTING-EDGE CHINESE MEDIA EDITS PEOPLE'S DAILY  Page 43 of 199Insights on the Moisture Curing Adhesive Global Market to 2025 - Featuring 3M, American Sealants and Epic Resins Among Others - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page  of Trump gave his endorsement for Oracle and Walmart to take control of TikTok  Page 46 of 199Judge temporarily prevents Donald Trump from banning TikTok in U.S.  Page 48 of 199Senate Republicans Release Coronavirus Documentary, Hope To Change Messaging On Virus Response  Page 51 of 199FINDING PATTERNS IN THE NOISE USING NOVEL COMPUTATIONAL APPROACHES, GRADUATE STUDENT SEAN LIU DEVELOPS BETTER TOOLS FOR ANALYZING DATA.  Page 53 of 199Sounds like a joke! Hacker tells how he allegedly discovered Trump's password  Page 55 of 199Oracle Confirms 'Tech Provider' Status in TikTok Pursuit; Shares Halted  Page 57 of 199A GOOD BAD IDEA FROM TIKTOK  Page 59 of 199U.S. appeals injunction in TikTok case  Page 62 of 199Vision Guided Robotics Market Forecast to 2027 - COVID-19 Impact and Global Analysis by Component Type, Type, and Industry Vertical  Page 64 of 199It will issue debt  Page  of White House adviser Kudlow says TikTok deal is under heavy scrutiny  Page 67 of 199US judge prevents Trump from banning TikTok for the time being  Page 69 of 199US Justice Prevents Trump from Banning TikTok  Page 71 of 199U.S. Justice Prevents Trump from Banning TikTok for the Time Being  Page 73 of 199US Justice temporarily suspended ban on downloading TikTok  Page 76 of 199Asia-US West Coast spot rate eclipses $4,000 per FEU: Drewry index  Page 78 of 199How the Election Could Shift Music Industry Policy  Page  of ByteDance may default U.S. deadline according to TikTok: Bloomberg  Page  of Companies bet on TikTok even with U.S. restrictions  Page 82 of 199Aollywood (Macau-Hollywood, the "Eastern Hollywood") Established the First Film Producers Association in Macau; And It Will Gradually Attract and Welcome Foreig....  Page 85 of 199Global Drone Analytics Market (2020 to 2025) - Growth, Trends, and Forecasts  Page 87 of 199Briefing.com: Story Stocks (R)  Page 89 of 199Why you should be calling dishonor on "Mulan" 2020  Page 91 of 199Kadant Declares Cash Dividend  Page 93 of 199Post-Covid economy  Page 95 of 199Trump votes -- for himself, naturally  Page 97 of 199Bright Scholar Schedules Unaudited Financial Results for Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Ended August 31, 2020  Page 99 of 199Delayed results could boost disinformation; Federal agencies warn of loophole for bad actors  Page 102 of 199New Study Finds Smooth Digital Transactions "Essential to Business Survival" During and After Pandemic; Economist Intelligence Unit and TransUnion report highli....  Page 105 of 199What does 5G technology promise? After the launch of the iPhone  Page 108 of 199Ambow Education Announces Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results  Page 110 of 199TikTok Sale: ByteDance Partners With Oracle  Page 112 of 199TikTok Sale: ByteDance Rejects Microsoft Bid  Page 114 of 199Today's Technology  Page 117 of 199Advanced Distributed Management System (ADMS) Market 2020 Global Share, Trend, Segmentation, Analysis and Forecast to 2026  Page 119 of 199National Zoo: Genetic tests reveal new baby panda is a boy  Page 121 of 199The White House reiterated that TikTok must become an American company or it will be banned  Page 123 of 199Oracle Edges Out Microsoft As Preferred TikTok Buyer - Reports  Page 125 of 199Opinion | The problem with Disney's 'Mulan' live action  Page  of TikTok must become a US company, says Treasury Secretary  Page 128 of 199Trump says new TikTok service to be 'totally secure,' delays ban amid reported Oracle-Walmart deal  Page 130 of 199Walmart, Oracle Support President Trump's Idea For TikTok 'Education Fund'  Page 132 of 199Disney's "Mulan" has a weak Chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mln dlr at the box office  Page 134 of 199Disney's "Mulan" has a weak Chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mln dlr at the box office  Page 136 of 199"Mulan" has a weak chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mdd at the box office  Page 138 of 199"Mulan" has a weak chinese premiere and raises 23.2 mdd at the box office  Page 140 of 199OnePlus phones support Xbox Game Pass (xCloud) for Android after all  Page  of Nearly nine million viewers paid 25 euros to see 'Mulán' in digital format, according to a study  Page 144 of 199TikTok Picks Oracle, Nvidia Buys Arm, Gilead Buys Immunomedics - 5 Things You Must Know Monday  Page 146 of 199Trump gives Tik Tok ultimatum: agree to sale or stop trading  Page 148 of 199Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop trading  Page 150 of 199AP Explains: The Big Promise of 5G Technology  Page 152 of 199CONSPIRACY THEORIES ABOUT THE ORIGINS OF COVID-19 OUTWEIGH SCIENCE'S INFLUENCE, RESEARCHERS SAY  Page 154 of 199Hong Kong Teen Activist Seeking U.S. Asylum Detained at Last Minute Near Consulate  Page 156 of 199Mike Pompeo travels to India; possible agreement against China  Page 158 of 199Wall Street Leans Back Pre-Bell; Futures Red, Europe Higher, Asia Mixed  Page 160 of 199Trump insists on TikTok: Either agree to its sale or it will stop trading  Page  of Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop trading  Page 163 of 199Trump is adamant with TikTok: either agree to its sale or it will stop trading  Page 165 of 199PROCLAMATION ON UNITED NATIONS DAY, 2020  Page 167 of 199Figures don't support Donald Trump as market favorite  Page 169 of 199Asian Stock Markets Mixed on Wall Street Cues, Geopolitical Tensions  Page  of Hong Kong Hang Seng Down 0.5% on Fresh Geopolitical Tensions  Page 172 of 199Dow Futures Gain As AstraZeneca Resumes Coronavirus Vaccine Trials, Tech and Pharma Deals Boost Market Sentiment  Page 174 of 199Stocks Rally Higher, Driven by Big Merger News, Nvidia to Buy Arm for $40 Billion  Page  of Trump won't extend TikTok sale deadline  Page  of Walmart Still Interested in TikTok Investment; ByteDance Favors Partnering With Oracle Rather Than Sale  Page 179 of 199Remote teaching is nothing new on the University's Flint and Dearborn campuses  Page 181 of 199Euphoria, the first symptom that breaks bull markets  Page 183 of 199PUBG breaks ties with China-based Tencent for India operations  Page 185 of 199Maryland unemployment rate down to 6.9%  Page 191 of 199THE REAL JOE: BIDEN INC.  Page 194 of 199U.S. Investors May Be Offered TikTok Stock Within a Year  Page 197 of 199Business Highlights  Page 199 of 199Vaccine trials in United Kingdom to resume: AstraZeneca  