Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 2:36:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142629971Documents (100)1. White House National Security Advisor O'Brien Issues Statement on Executive Order Addressing Chinese Software ApplicationsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20212. China eradicates extreme poverty on eve of Communist Party centenaryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20213. [JOINT STATEMENT] HRC46 STATEMENT: NGO END OF SESSIONClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20214. Market Chatter: China Takes Down 120 Apps Amid Crackdown on Data GatheringClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20215. Chinese Shares Rebound at Close; Anhui Huaqi, YJK Building Software Post Triple-Digit Gains on Shenzhen DebutClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20216. Market Chatter: China Orders Local Media to Censor Reporting of Alibaba Antitrust InvestigationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20217. Google commemorates the birth of Wu Lien-teh, the forerunner of the N95 maskClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20218. Who was Wu Lien-teh, the doctor Google remembers today with a special DoodleClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20219. CHINA COVERED UP PANDEMIC, CONTINUES CRACKDOWN ON COVID-19 'RUMORS'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202110. US blacklists Xiaomi, CNOOC, Skyrizon, raising heat on ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202111. US blacklists Xiaomi, CNOOC, Skyrizon, raising heat on ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202112. China's dilemmas, an unpredictable market and Mercosur's largest customerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202113. Chinese state newspaper leaves Jack Ma off the list of business leadersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202114. Trump seeks to ban eight Chinese apps in the US, including WeChat PayClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202115. China Cracks Down on Fake Divorces That Let People Buy More PropertiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202116. The global smart manufacturing market was valued at USD 194.63 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach USD 314.39 billion by 2026 and grow at a CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period (2021-2026);Industry 4. 0 has been aiding the transition of industries from having legacy systems to smart components and smart machines, facilitating digital factories, and later, to an ecosystem of connected plants and enterprises.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202117. ALG TO BIDEN: STAND UP FOR AMERICAN JOBSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202118. WHO Experts Leave Wuhan Quarantine To Start Coronavirus ProbeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202119. Tomorrow's prisons are in thought. China has blocked access to the Clubhouse social networkClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202120. Nike Under PressureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202121. Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreakClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202122. CHINA'S RICHEST MAN MAKES FIRST PUBLIC APPEARANCE SINCE OCTOBERClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202123. World Scientific Publishing: A New Foundation Toward Achieving the Next Generation of Artificial IntelligenceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202124. Jack Ma's Ant Group was the next big thing. Now it may become just a boring bankClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202125. Bolsonaro announces deal with China to receive inputs to make vaccinesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202126. Sen. Rubio to Twitter: Explain Content Moderation ProcessClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202127. Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreakClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202128. Decadent HumanityClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202129. Johnson calls traditional Chinese medicine "insmente"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202130. STATEMENT FROM NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR ROBERT C. O'BRIEN ON THE EXECUTIVE ORDER ADDRESSING CHINESE SOFTWARE APPLICATIONSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202131. STATEMENT FROM NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR ROBERT C. O'BRIEN ON THE EXECUTIVE ORDER ADDRESSING CHINESE SOFTWARE APPLICATIONSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202132. US trade representative recommends Biden not withdraw tariffs on ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202133. Air Purifier Sales Show Slow Growth in China Despite PandemicClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202134. RUBIO TO TWITTER: EXPLAIN CONTENT MODERATION PROCESSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202135. Finland identifies hackers who spied on ParliamentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202136. Market Chatter: Ant Group Said to Yield to Chinese Pressure to Become Financial Holding CompanyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202137. Takeaways: AP investigation of China COVID-19 disinformationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202138. Takeaways: AP investigation of China COVID-19 disinformationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202139. City Surveillance Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2020 - 2025);The global city surveillance market is expected to register a CAGR of 5% over the forecast period, 2021 - 2026. Growing concerns regarding public safety and security are fueling the adoption of IP cameras and video management systems across the world.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202140. Ant Group reaches agreement with Chinese authorities and IPO may come out in 2 yearsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202141. Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreakClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202142. Global High Density Packaging Market (2021 to 2026) - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202143. A tornado touches down in Florida and damages an airport; Jack Ma restructures Ant Group after disappearance; Former Google CEO Schmidt says China is surging to overtake the United States in critical areas; Stanly Black & Decker Rev beats estimates $4.41 billion (ACT) vs. $4.11 billion (EST); Health Care Agenda: President to lift curbs on abortion funding, reopen ACA; Climate Change: Kerry: Zero emissions in U.S. wouldn't make difference; "WALLSTREETSBETS" Effect: GameStop and other stocks drop after thread disabled; Seeking an Alternative: Two senators push for censure instead of impeachment; Grim Record: January becomes deadliest month since start of pandemic; Future Pointing: Market slide after FED decision, tech earnings; Tech Earnings in Focus: Apple, Facebook, Tesla stocks down after reporting earnings; Kerry: Workers FED "False Narrative" that climate policy kills their jobsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202144. Teradyne Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 ResultsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202145. How could China control the pandemic?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202146. Stock Weekly: American CryoStem (CRYO:68.0c) falls for a fourth consecutive week, a four-week fall of 28%Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202147. Dow Jones Today, Stocks Rally Toward Biden Inauguration; Netflix Boosts Disney; China Stocks Rally As Jack Ma ReturnsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202148. Donald Trump bans transactions with Chinese appsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202149. Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202150. Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202151. NATO. - NATO points to Russia and China and warns that they "try to rewrite the rules" to their advantageClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202152. Global Toys Market (2021 to 2027) - by Product Type, Age Group, Sales Channel and Region - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202153. Post-Covid-19 globalizationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202154. Sinovac Files for Conditional Market Authorization of COVID-19 Vaccine in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202155. 'Mega' hacking against Microsoft affects at least 60,000 customers worldwideClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202156. Rosenworcel Statement: FCC Seeks Comment on Open Radio Access NetworksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202157. Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202158. Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202159. China's Huawei backtracks after filing for patent to identify Uyghur facesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202160. Rosenworcel Statement: FCC Seeks Comment on Open Radio Access NetworksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202161. LIZHI INC. Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Unaudited Financial ResultsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202162. High Speed Connector Industry in Asia Pacific to 2027 - Surging Developments in Network Services Presents OpportunitiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202163. USA blacklists Xiaomi and other Chinese companiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202164. USA blacklists Xiaomi and other Chinese companiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202165. After nearly three months of mystery, Chinese billionaire Jack Ma reappearedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202166. Rights groups and Olympic leaders in Beijing Games stalemateClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202167. Machines that learn: The origin story of artificial intelligence;AI may have had a slow start, but companies like Google and Facebook are pursuing it like a modern-day gold rush.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202168. Why Analysts See More Upside To Baidu Stock Over The 200% Surge In Past YearClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202169. Frank Biden's actions already testing Joe Biden's ethics claimsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202170. Frank Biden's actions already testing Joe Biden's ethics claimsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202171. Chinese regime prevents talk of Covid-19 with WHO researchersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202172. Sinovac vaccine to begin to be applied from this Saturday, confirmed Marcelo EbrardClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202173. Wuhan's photographyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202174. Biden curbs plan to force sale of TikTok in U.S.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202175. CasperLabs to Join China's BSN as a Blockchain Partner;The partnership will introduce BSN's global developer network to Casper's future-proof blockchainClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202176. The origin of covid-19, an unsolved mystery in the midst of the crisisClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202177. CHINA DAILY: SPIRIT OF SHARED ENDEAVORClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202178. Clubhouse "can become an easy target for cybercriminals"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202179. MURPHY, BLUMENTHAL SCOTT REINTRODUCE AMERICAN SECURITY DRONE ACTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202180. SEN. RICK SCOTT REINTRODUCES AMERICAN SECURITY DRONE ACTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202181. Sen. Scott Reintroduces American Security Drone ActClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202182. Sens. Murphy, Blumenthal Scott Reintroduce American Security Drone ActClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202183. Tactical Rabbit Illuminates National Security Issue Inside the U.S.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202184. Cable Connector Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026);The cable connector market is expected to register a CAGR of 5. 94% during the forecast period from 2021 to 2026. The market for cable connectors is booming, owing to the global digital transition. Reliable connectivity, high performance, and efficiency are the major factors boosting the growth of the market studied.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202185. Alliance for Safe Online Pharmacies Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative NoticeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202186. House Homeland Security Committee Issues Testimony From Cyber Threat Alliance President DanielClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202187. China donates 14 respirators and 53,000 COVID-19 tests to BoliviaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202188. Mechanical engineering professor Gang Chen arrested on grant fraud chargeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202189. Institute for Energy Research: Auto Manufacturers Are Putting Profits Into Electric Vehicles That Consumers May Not WantClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202190. Acacia Communications Scraps $2.6 Billion Takeover Deal by Cisco Systems Over Chinese Regulatory ApprovalClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202191. Right Wing Extremism and The Epoch Times in Atlantic CanadaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202192. Huawei has revenue sway outside China after offside to run appsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202193. We're Adding Alibaba to Our BullpenClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202194. In their first face-to-face meeting of the Biden era, the U.S. and China crossed hard with mutual reproachClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202195. GB withdraws transmission license to China TV channelClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202196. China: detect coronavirus in ice creamClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202197. Cable Connector Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026);The cable connector market is expected to register a CAGR of 5. 94% during the forecast period from 2021 to 2026. The market for cable connectors is booming, owing to the global digital transition. Reliable connectivity, high performance, and efficiency are the major factors boosting the growth of the market studied.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202198. US distances itself from Trump attempts to ban WeChatClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202199. US distances itself from Trump attempts to ban WeChatClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 2021100. ZK International's Subsidiary, Xsigma Secures an Industry Leader CEO for its Xsigma Trading Division, Getting Ready to Launch Its Crypto, Crypto Derivative and CFDs Trading Platform.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 2021

White House National Security Advisor O'Brien Issues Statement on Executive Order Addressing Chinese Software ApplicationsTargeted News ServiceJanuary 6, 2021 Wednesday 9:30 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 198 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe White House issued the following statement on Jan. 5 by National Security Advisor Robert C. O'Brien regarding the executive order addressing Chinese software applications:* * *Today, President Donald J. Trump signed an executive order addressing the continuing threat posed by Chinese software applications. The Chinese government requires that all commercial companies, big and small, support the Chinese Communist Party's political objectives as Chinese regulators have recently demonstrated.China's Military-Civil Fusion strategy explicitly aims to co-opt or coerce civilian enterprises into assisting the People's Liberation Army.This executive order tasks the Secretary of Commerce to identify prohibited transactions involving eight Chinese software applications, including payment services; directs the Secretary of Commerce to identify and take appropriate action against other software applications; and develops a program to control the export of exploitable United States user data to foreign adversaries.President Trump continues to prioritize the safety and security of the United States homeland and the American people.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7342890 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: January 6, 2021End of Document

China eradicates extreme poverty on eve of Communist Party centenaryCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 31, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 589 wordsBodyIn the interior of the Guangxi region of southwestern China, apartment blocks, highways, factories or agricultural cooperatives rise where once the isolation and exodus of the youngest dictated the extreme poverty of millions of peasants."Now I have a factory near my house," says Wang Xiaoyuan, a 32-year-old factory worker living in Fangchenggang Prefecture in the southern most of the province.Employment at the textile factory, where the sound of machines attests to the monotony of weaving work, pays the equivalent of 380 euros a month, but Wang, who spent most of his youth about 2,000 kilometres from home, is "satisfied.""After work, I can go home and take care of my children," he told Lusa.Far from the spectacular economic development that formed on China's coast, with mega metropolises and a middle class of more than 500 million people, the interior of the Asian country remained mostly poor.However, as it approached its 100th anniversary in July 2021, the Chinese Communist Party (PCC) came to comply with one of the main designs of its foundation: to ensure prosperity for all, in a country historically of great social inequalities.Elderly rural residents received cash donations and the Government launched schemes to foster job creation for those who depended on subsistence farming, including through the formation of agricultural cooperatives or the opening of factories."We certainly will not fail, only success is possible," Zhang Zhenguo, deputy secretary of the PCC in Fangchenggang, told Lusa. "Communist Party officials have to complete the policy outlined by the Central Committee," he said.In the village of Xingren in northern Guangxi, state-owned agricultural banks granted local households interest-free loans of up to the equivalent of €7,000 to boost business opening."One of the measures is to make loans available to poor families to develop their industries," Li Xiang, local secretary of the PCC and one of thousands of Party cadres sent to remote areas of the country, told Lusa."Some [families] invest in the breeding of pigs, cattle or silkworm, or in the cultivation of blackberry," he says.In the late afternoon, in the mild winter of Guangxi, the streets of the neighborhoods, recently built among the typical carstic formations of the region, are filled with children. The older ones play cards in the common spaces.According to official figures, Beijing spent the equivalent of more than €77 billion between 2016 and 2020 to eliminate extreme poverty.Critics say China's poverty reduction programs rely heavily on public funding, raising questions about their long-term sustainability.But Liu Yuanju, a researcher at the Shanghai Institute of Law and Finance, argues that the campaign has adopted a "market-oriented approach", using e-commerce to drain production from rural areas."Loans are used to support production, not just an offer, but an incentive for the development of local industries and businesses," he tells Lusa."Through e-commerce platforms it is possible to connect the production of remote areas with consumers in large cities very efficiently," he says.The Asian country continues to experience major social inequalities, which have been exacerbated by the covid-19 pandemic. In 2020, consumption in China fell 5%, but purchases of luxury products rose almost 50%, compared to the previous year.China also has more billionaires than the United States and India combined. However, around 600 million people earn the equivalent of €120 ordata from the Chinese Government.Load-Date: February 1, 2021End of Document

[JOINT STATEMENT] HRC46 STATEMENT: NGO END OF SESSIONStates News ServiceMarch 31, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 2631 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: GENEVA, Switzerland BodyThe following information was released by Asian Forum for Human Rights and Development (FORUM-ASIA):46th regular session of the UN Human Rights CouncilNGO[1] End of Session statementOral statement delivered by ISHROn behalf of 16 NGOs including the Asian Forum for Human Rights and Development (FORUM-ASIA)Thursday, 25 March 2021Civil society participationEnvironmental justiceRacial JusticeRight to healthAttempts to undermine HRC mandateCountry-specific resolutionsCountry-specific State statementsHuman rights situations that merits the HRC's attentionCivil society participationWe welcome some important advances such as the possibility for NGOs to make video statements, which should be maintained and expanded after the pandemic for all discussions, including in general debates. We object to the removal of access details for online informal negotiations from Sched without explanation or justification, effectively restricting CSO access to negotiations and favoring CSOs based in Geneva or with existing contacts with diplomats. In addition, the lack of webcast archives in all UN languages, and the lack of accessibility measures such as closed captions and sign language interpretation for most HRC discussions all impede participation, accountability for States' positions and commitments, and ultimately for the Council's work. We are concerned by the renewal for another year of the 'efficiency' measures piloted in 2020, despite their negative impact on civil society participation in a year also impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We urge States to reinstate general debates in the June sessions, to preserve their open-ended nature, and maintain the option of video intervention also in general debates.Environmental justiceIt's high time the Council responds to calls by States and civil society to recognize the right of all to a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable environment, and establish a new mandate for a Special Rapporteur on human rights and climate change.We welcome the joint statement calling for the recognition of the right of all to a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable environment that was delivered by the Maldives, on behalf of Costa Rica, Morocco, Slovenia and Switzerland and supported by 55 States. We call on all States to seize this historic opportunity to support the core-group as they continue to work towards UN recognition so that everyone in the world, wherever they live, and without discrimination, has the right to live in a safe, clean and sustainable environment.We welcome the joint statement that was delivered by Bangladesh, on behalf of 55 States, calling the Council to create a new Special Rapporteur on human rights and climate change. We believe this new mandate would be essential to supporting a stronger human rights-based approach to climate change, engaging in country visits, normative work and capacity-building, and further addressing the human rights impacts of climate responses, in order to support the most vulnerable. This mandate should be established without further delay.Racial JusticeOver 150 States jointly welcomed that the implementation of HRC Resolution 43/1 will center victims and their families. We urge the Council to respond to the High Commissioner's call to address root causes of racism including the "legacies of enslavement, the transatlantic trade in enslaved Africans, and its context of colonialism". The Council must answer to the demands of victims' families and civil society's, and establish at its next session an independent inquiry to investigate systemic racism in law enforcement in the United States and a thematic commission of inquiry to investigate systemic racism in law enforcement globally, especially where it is related to legacies of colonialism and transatlantic slavery.Right to healthThe resolution on ensuring equitable, affordable, timely, and universal access by all countries to vaccines in response to the COVID-19 pandemic is a welcome move in highlighting the need for States not to have export and other restrictions on access to safe diagnostics, therapeutics, medicines, and vaccines, and essential health technologies, and their components, as well as equipment and encouraged States to use all flexibilities within TRIPs. However, a revised version of the resolution tabled was further weakened by the deletion of one paragraph on stockpiling of vaccines and the reference to 'unequal allocation and distribution among countries". The specific deletion highlights the collusion between rich States and big pharmaceuticals, their investment in furthering monopolistic intellectual property regimes resulting in grave human rights violations. The reluctance of States, predominantly WEOG States who continue to defend intellectual property regimes and States' refusal to hold business enterprises accountable to human rights standards is very concerning during this Global crisis.Attempts to undermine HRC mandateWe regret that once again this Council has adopted a resolution, purportedly advancing 'mutual beneficial cooperation' which seeks to undermine and reinterpret both the principle of universality and its mandate. Technical assistance, dialogue and cooperation must be pursued with the goal of promoting and protecting human rights, not as an end in itself or as a means of facilitating inter-State relations. We reiterate our call on all States, and especially Council members, to consider country situations in an independent manner, based on objective human rights criteria supported by credible UN and civil society information. This is an essential part of the Council's work; reliance on cooperation alone hobbles the Council's ability to act to support the defenders and communities that look to it for justice.Country-specific resolutionsWe welcome the new mandate for the High Commissioner focused on the human rights situation in Belarus in the context of the 2020 Presidential election. It is now essential for States to support the High Commissioner's office, ensuring the resources and expertise are made available so that the mandate can be operationalised as quickly as possible.We welcome the renewal of the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on Iran, and we urge Council to consider further action to hold Iranian authorities accountable, in view of the systematic impunity and lack of transparency surrounding violations of human rights in the country.We welcome the call for additional resources for the Special Rapporteur on Myanmar, increased reporting by OHCHR as well as the work of the IIMM. Lack of international monitoring on, the imposition of martial law in Myanmar to prosecute civilians, including protesters, before military courts, the dangerous escalation of violence by the Tatmadaw and the widespread human rights violations amounting to crimes against humanity demand more efforts to ensure accountability.We welcome the renewal and strengthening of the OHCHR's monitoring and reporting mandate on Nicaragua, in a context of steady human rights deterioration marked by the Government's refusal to cooperate constructively with the Office, over two years after its expulsion from the country. The adopted resolution lays out steps that Nicaragua should take to resume good faith cooperation and improve the situation ahead of this year's national elections. It is also vital that this Council and its members continue to closely follow the situation in Nicaragua, and live up to the resolution's commitments, by considering all available measures should the situation deteriorate by next year.We welcome the increased monitoring and reporting on the situation of human rights in Sri Lanka. However, in light of the High Commissioner's report on the rapidly deteriorating human rights situation and Sri Lanka's incapacity and unwillingness to pursue accountability for crimes under international law, the Council should have urged States to seek other avenues to advance accountability, including through extraterritorial or universal jurisdiction.While we welcome the extension of the mandate of the Commission on Human Rights in South Sudan (CHRSS), we regret the adoption of a competing resolution under the inadequate agenda item 10. This resolution sends a wrong signal as myriads of local-level conflicts and ongoing SGBV and other violations of fundamental rights continue to threaten the country's stability. We urge South Sudan to continue cooperating with the CHRSS and to demonstrate concrete progress on key benchmarks and indicators.We welcome the report by the Commission of Inquiry on Syria on arbitrary imprisonment and detention and reiterate the recommendation to establish an independent mechanism "to locate the missing or their remains", and call on States to ensure the meaningful participation of victims and adopt a victim-centered approach, including by taking into consideration the Truth and Justice Charter of Syrian associations of survivors and families of disappeared when addressing arbitrary detention and enforced disappearance.Country-specific State statementsWe welcome States' leadership and statements on human rights situations that merit the HRC's attention.We welcome the joint statement on the situation in Ethiopia's Tigray region and urge all actors, including the Ethiopian Federal Government, to protect civilians and ensure unhindered humanitarian access. Those responsible for crimes under international law, including Ethiopian soldiers, members of armed militias and non-State groups, and Eritrean soldiers involved in Tigray, must be held criminally accountable. The HRC should mandate an independent investigation and reporting by the High Commissioner.For the first time in seven years, States at the HRC have united to condemn the widespread human rights violations by Egypt and its misuse of coutner-terrorism measures to imprison human rights defenders, LGBTI persons, journalists, politicians and lawyers and peaceful critics. We welcome the cross-regional joint statement by 32 States and we reiterate our call supported by over 100 NGOs from across the world on the HRC to establish a monitoring and reporting mechanism on the situation.We welcome the joint statement by 45 States focused on the human rights situation in Russia, including the imprisonment of Alexi Navalny and the large number of arbitrary arrests of protestors across Russia. The statement rightly expresses concern for shrinking civil society space in Russia through recent legislative amendments and Russia using its "tools of State" to attack independent media and civil society.In the context of mounting international recognition that Israel imposes an apartheid regime over the Palestinian people, we welcome Namibia's call for the restoration of the UN Special Committee on Apartheid in order to ensure the implementation of the Apartheid Convention to the Palestinian situation.Human rights situations that merits the HRC's attentionThe next session will receive a report on pushbacks from the Special Rapporteur on human rights of migrants. The Council must respond to the severity and scale of pushbacks and other human rights violations faced by migrants and refugees in transit and at borders and the ongoing suppression of solidarity, including by answering the High Commissioner's call for independent monitoring. The Council's silence feeds impunity, it must build on the momentum of the joint statement of over 90 States reaffirming their commitment to protection of the human rights of all migrants regardless of status.While the OHCHR expressed deep concern about the deteriorating human rights situation and the ongoing crackdown on civil society in Algeria, and called for the immediate and unconditional release of arbitrarily detained individuals, the Council has remained largely silent. As authorities are increasingly arbitrarily and violently arresting protesters at least 1,500 since the resumption of the Hirak pro-democracy movement on 13 February, we call on the Council to address the criminalisation of public freedoms, to protect peaceful protestors, activists and the media.Cameroon is one of the human rights crises the Council has failed to address for too long. We condemn the acts of intimidation and reprisal exercised by the Cameroonian government in response to NGOs raising concerns, including DefendDefenders. This is unacceptable behavior by a Council member. The Council should consider collective action to address the gross human rights violations and abuses occurring in the country.We echo the calls of many governments for the Council to step up its meaningful action to ensure that concerns raised by civil society, the UN Special Procedures and the OHCHR about the human rights situation in China be properly addressed, including through an independent international investigation. We also regret that a number of States have taken an unprincipled approach of voicing support to actions, such as those by the Chinese government, including in Xinjiang and Hong Kong, through their national and other joint statements.We call for the Council's attention on the rapid deterioration of human rights in India. Violent crackdowns on recent farmers' protests, internet shutdowns in protest areas, sedition and criminal charges against journalists reporting on these protests, and criminalisation of human rights defenders signal an ongoing dangerous trend in restrictions of fundamental freedoms in India. We call on India to ensure fundamental freedoms and allow journalists, HRDs and civil society to continue their legitimate work without intimidation and fear of reprisals.We once again regret the lack of Council's attention on the human rights crisis in Kashmir. Fundamental freedoms in the Indian-administered Kashmir remains severely curtailed since the revocation of the constitutional autonomy in August 2019. Raids in October and November 2020 on residences and offices of human rights defenders and civil society organisations by India's anti-terrorism authorities in a clear attempt at intimidation have further exacerbated the ongoing crisis. We call on the OHCHR to continue to monitor and regularly report to the Council on the situation in both Indian and Pakistani administered Kashmir, and on Indian and Pakistani authorities to give the OHCHR and independent observers unfettered access to the region.Nearly six months since its adoption, the Council Resolution 45/33 on technical assistance to the Philippines has proven utterly insufficient to address the widespread human rights violations and persistent impunity. Killings in the war on drugs continue, and attacks on human rights defenders and activists have escalated. The killing of nine unarmed activists on 7 March 2021 clearly demonstrates that no amount of technical assistance will end the killings as long as the President and senior officials continue to incite violence and killings as official State policy. It is imperative that the Council sets up an international accountability mechanism to end the cycle of violence and impunity in the Philippines.[1] The statement is endorsed by: International Service for Human Rights; Franciscans International; Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights (EIPR); International Commission of Jurists (ICJ); International Movement Against All Forms of Discrimination and Racism (IMADR); Asian Forum for Human Rights and Development (FORUM-ASIA); African Centre For Democracy And Human Rights Studies; International Federation for Human Rights Leagues (FIDH); MENA Rights Group; International Lesbian and Gay Association; Impact Iran; Ensemble contre la Peine de Mort (ECPM); Siamak Pourzand Foundation; Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies (CIHRS); ARTICLE 19; CIVICUS: World Alliance for Citizen Participation.***Load-Date: March 31, 2021End of Document

Market Chatter: China Takes Down 120 Apps Amid Crackdown on Data GatheringMT Newswires Live Briefs PROMarch 2, 2021 Tuesday 11:52 PM ESTCopyright 2021 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 184 wordsBody China has ordered the removal of 120 apps from app stores over the past three months amid an intensified crackdown on tech companies that gather sensitive user data, Caixin Global reported Tuesday, citing Xiao Yaqing, head of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology."The Chinese government's commitment to protecting personal information is iron-clad... As we step up regulation in the sector, technologies designed to scrutinize these mobile apps dealing with personal information still need to advance swiftly," Xiao was quoted by the newswire as saying in a press briefing Monday.The government will also step up the oversight of apps and identify issues, the report said.Last month, the tech ministry unveiled new draft rules targeting app operators that do not obtain user permission before accessing devices' microphones, photo albums and contact lists, according to the report.(Market Chatter news is derived from conversations with market professionals globally. This information is believed to be from reliable sources but may include rumor and speculation. Accuracy is not guaranteed.)Load-Date: March 3, 2021End of Document

Chinese Shares Rebound at Close; Anhui Huaqi, YJK Building Software Post Triple-Digit Gains on Shenzhen DebutMT Newswires Live Briefs PROJanuary 20, 2021 Wednesday 2:09 AM ESTCopyright 2021 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 305 wordsBody Chinese shares rebounded Wednesday, as investors cheered banks' decision to keep benchmark lending rates unchanged, overshadowing allegations by the US that the Chinese government is committing genocide in the Xinjiang Uyghur region.The Shanghai Composite Index gained 0.5%, or 16.71 points, to 3,583.09 at the end of the session. The Shenzhen Component Index rose 1.5%, or 219.37 points, at 15,223.36. Both indices recovered from losses in the previous session.Investors were back on a buying spree after Chinese lenders kept the one-year loan prime rate (LPR) at 3.85% and the five-year LPR at 4.65%. The move was in line with market forecasts compiled by Reuters. The lending reference rate is set monthly by 18 local banks.In a release on Tuesday, the People's Bank of China said it "will further smooth the transmission of the loan prime rates to lending rates, and gradually marketize deposit rates by deepening the LPR reform," as part of its efforts to prioritize stability in 2021.Steady lending rates will help push demand for loans, spurring growth.The decision to keep rates unchanged overshadowed US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's declaration that China is carrying out genocide in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, supporting claims in a report last week that up to 1.8 million minorities are subject to forced labor in the region.China has since denied allegations of forced labor in the region, saying the issue is about "combating violent terrorism and separatism."In corporate news, two debutants on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's ChiNext board posted triple-digit gains, signaling a strong appetite for newcomers in the local equities market.Software developer Beijing YJK Building Software (SHE:300935) soared 188.8%, while Anhui Huaqi Environmental Protection and Technology (SHE:300929) skyrocketed 243.1%.Load-Date: January 20, 2021End of Document

Market Chatter: China Orders Local Media to Censor Reporting of Alibaba Antitrust InvestigationMT Newswires Live Briefs PROJanuary 7, 2021 Thursday 8:22 PM ESTCopyright 2021 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 253 wordsBody The Chinese government has ordered media outlets to censor coverage of an antitrust investigation into Alibaba Group (HKG:9988), the Financial Times reported Friday.China's State Administration of Market Regulation disclosed the probe on Dec. 24, 2020, to weed out antitrust behaviors in the e-commerce sector in China, in which Alibaba holds a significant market share, the report said.Alibaba founder Jack Ma has disappeared from public view in recent months as the government and regulators rolled out new rules to further clamp down on the e-commerce and financial technology industries.By the end of December 2020, the Chinese government ordered media to "strictly invoke" the official line on the antitrust probe into Alibaba, the FT reported."If any company announcements oppose the official stance, do not publish, do not re-post, do not quote foreign media," the order said, two people who read it told the news outlet.Xiao Qiang, a research scientist at the University of California at Berkeley School of Information, told the FT that the directive is "severe and unusual" and its language "is quite similar to the directives on 'very important political event' reports such as the trial of Bo Xilai."Bo was a former politician who was sentenced to life in prison for corruption, the newswire said.(Market Chatter news is derived from conversations with market professionals globally. This information is believed to be from reliable sources but may include rumor and speculation. Accuracy is not guaranteed.)Load-Date: January 7, 2021End of Document

Google commemorates the birth of Wu Lien-teh, the forerunner of the N95 maskCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 10, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 309 wordsBodyGoogle, through a doodle, celebrates the 142nd birthday of Chinese-U.S. epidemiologist Wu Lien-teh, who invented a surgical face cover that is widely considered the precursor to the N95 mask."Happy birthday to the man behind the mask, Dr. Wu Lien-teh!" reads Google's greeting.Born into a family of Chinese immigrants in Penang, Malaysia, on this day, but from 1879, Wu became the first student of Chinese descent to earn his doctorate in medicine from the University of Cambridge.After his doctoral studies, he accepted a position as deputy director of the Faculty of Medicine of the Imperial Army of China in 1908. When an unknown epidemic hit northwest China in 1910, the Chinese government appointed Wu to investigate the disease, which it identified as the most important contagious pneumonic plague that is transmitted from person to person through respiratory transmission.To combat the disease, Wu designed and manufactured a special surgical mask with cotton and gauze, adding several layers of fabric to filter out inhalations.He advised people to wear their newly invented mask and worked with government officials to establish quarantine stations and hospitals, restrict travel, and apply progressive sterilization techniques; his leadership contributed greatly to the end of the pandemic (known as the Plague of Manchuria) in April 1911, four months after receiving the task of controlling its spread.In 1915, Wu founded the Chinese Medical Association, the largest and oldest non-governmental medical organization in the country. In 1935, he was the first Malay, and the first person of Chinese descent, nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work to control pneumonic plague. A devoted advocate and practitioner of medical advancement, Wu's efforts changed not only public health in China but that of the whole world.Load-Date: March 11, 2021End of Document

Who was Wu Lien-teh, the doctor Google remembers today with a special DoodleCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 10, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 520 wordsBodyToday Google remembers throughout the day on its cover the Chinese-Malay doctor and epidemiologist, Wu Lien-teh creator, among other things, of a surgical face protector that is considered the precursor of the N95 mask one of the most used during the coronavirus pandemicWu Lien-teh was born to a family of Chinese immigrants in Penang, present-day Malaysia, March 10, 1879. Over time, Wu would become the first student of Chinese descent to earn his doctorate at Wu Lien-teh Cambridge University.After his doctoral studies, he accepted a position as deputy director of the Medical College of the Imperial Army of China in 1908. When an unknown epidemic hit northwest China in 1910, the government appointed Wu to conduct research on the characteristics of the disease.After a long series of studies, Wu identified it as the highly contagious pneumonic plague that spread from person to person by respiratory transmission. That's why to fight the disease, the doctor designed and manufactured a special surgical mask with cotton and gauze,adding several layers of fabric to filter out the inhalations.Wu tried to implement a harness system that would hold the mask and allow the bodies of the sick to be moved with some protection. It was an "unprecedented" measure to protect the most exposed workers and the general population. Thanks to the photographs disseminated in the press, the mask became part of the collective image of that plague and also of the way the clothing of doctors and health workers is projected in each epidemic or pandemic like the current one.Wu himself advised people to wear this mask type and worked with Chinese government officials to establish quarantine stations and hospitals; he also proposed limiting population displacement and restricting travel to prevent further contagion.In parallel with these measures for the population, he applied progressive sterilization techniques and thus grew his leadership in the field and contributed greatly to ending, on 11 April 1911, the pandemic known as the Plague of Manchuria. It was only four months after the Asian authorities commissioned him.In 1915, Wu founded the Chinese Medical Association, the largest and oldest non-governmental medical organization in the country. And several years later, in 1935, he was the first Malay - and the first person of Chinese descent - nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work to control pneumonic plague. A devout advocate and practitioner of medical advances, Wu's efforts changed not only public health in China, but that of everyone.Features of the N95 maskIt was invented in 1992 by Taiwanese doctor, textile technology expert Peter Tsai. This mask or barbijo proved useful in curbing TB infections and then in 2003 to prevent the spread of the first epidemic of a deadly coronavirus: SARS. It is now key to COVID-19 protection.Tsai perfected a technology based on non-woven fibers (generated by mechanical procedure), which causes an electrostatic charge and repels 95% of particles, including viruses that are transported in microscopic saliva drops in air.Look too       Load-Date: March 11, 2021End of Document

CHINA COVERED UP PANDEMIC, CONTINUES CRACKDOWN ON COVID-19 'RUMORS'States News ServiceJanuary 13, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 920 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:At the start of the coronavirus pandemic, the Chinese government withheld crucial information from the public, under-reported cases, downplayed the severity of the infection, and dismissed the likelihood of transmission between humans, an international rights group said on Wednesday.The ruling Chinese Communist Party detained people for rumor-mongering, censored online discussions of the outbreak, and curbed media reporting, the New York-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) said in its annual report on human rights in 2020, published on Jan. 13."In some areas under lockdown, they failed to ensure appropriate access to medical care, food, and other necessities," the report found."Beijing also pressured the World Health Organization (WHO) to delay declaring a global warning on the virus, and restricted international experts' access to investigate its origins," it said.The report came as police across China handed out administrative punishments to social media users for "spreading rumors and false information" linked to a resurgence of Covid-19 across a number of cities in northern and northeastern China.Police in the northern city of Tangshan handed out an administrative punishment to a man they accused of changing the result of his COVID-19 test from negative to positive, and posting the results on social media, "having a negative impact.""Chen has been administratively punished by Fengnan district police," a report on the state-approved Bohai News Network said on Tuesday.A resident of Hebei's provincial capital Shijiazhuang, who gave only the surname Wang, said the government is particularly worried about people posting information about the pandemic independently."They are worried that people doing citizen journalism will disrupt their pandemic response, but basically they want a monopoly on public speech," Wang said. "If you report something true, they will shut you up.""They insist on a unified message on pandemic reporting, and one that is in their own interest," he said.'Disturbing public order'Meanwhile, police in Hebei's Baoding city held three people -- surnamed Hao, Zhang, and Zhou -- under administrative detention for "spreading rumors, invasion of privacy, fabricating information, and disturbing public order," online reports said."People should not spread rumors about the pandemic that create dangerous situations, disrupt public order, and sow panic," the police said, without giving details of the information that the three detainees had posted.And police in the eastern province of Jiangxi detained a man surnamed Wang in Fuzhou city after he posted a claim to social media that a man the authorities claimed was free of COVID-19 had died five days later.Wang received a five-day administrative sentence for "fabricating information to disrupt public order," the police department said on their public WeChat account.Police in China can hand down administrative jail sentences of up to 15 days to those regarded as troublemakers without the need for a trial.Beijing-based rights activist Ni Yulan said the ruling Chinese Communist Party (CCP) now insists that only information approved by the government can appear in public."I think the aim is to prevent anyone from speaking out, regardless of what is happening," Ni said. "They want everyone to keep quiet."Fang Liang, an academic from the northern city of Taiyuan, said detentions had also been reported there on similar grounds."The reason is that there is a resurgence of the pandemic across the country, but this isn't being officially admitted to the public," Fang said."[This will only happen] when they can no longer hide it."Control of public informationPolice in Hebei's Hengshui city have also issued a warning against "rumor-mongering" linked to the pandemic after a local internet user surnamed Lu was "punished" and forced to make a public apology for "spreading rumors" on WeChat.Last week, police in Hebei handed an administrative 10-day jail term to a man surnamed Han after he warned people on WeChat of new COVID-19 cases in Hebei's Donzhuchang village.And in Changchun, capital of the northeastern province of Jilin, police handed a seven-day administrative sentence to a WeChat user, also surnamed Han, for "rumor-mongering" after he posted that there was an asymptomatic case of COVID-19 in his local district.Academic Guo Baosheng said the CCP is intent on gaining total control of public information."The CCP insists on controlling all sources of information and clamps down on any information coming from different sources," Guo said."It then ruthlessly punishes, detains and sentences people using rumor-mongering as an excuse."Meanwhile, Brazilian researchers said that a coronavirus vaccine developed by China's Sinovac was found to be 50.4 percent effective in clinical trials, significantly less effective than previous results have suggested.However, researchers at the Butantan Institute said the vaccine was 78 percent effective against most cases of COVID-19 cases, but was less effective in patients who didn't require medical attention in the first place. They said it was 100 percent effective in staving off moderate to serious cases.Last month researchers in Turkey said the Sinovac vaccine was 91.25 percent effective, while Indonesia found it to be 65.3 percent effective.Reported by Qiao Long for RFA's Mandarin Service, and by Xiaoshan Huang and Chingman for the Cantonese Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: January 13, 2021End of Document

US blacklists Xiaomi, CNOOC, Skyrizon, raising heat on ChinaAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 15, 2021 Friday 5:38 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 637 wordsByline: ZEN SOO, AP Technology WriterDateline: HONG KONG BodyHONG KONG (AP) — The U.S. government has blacklisted Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp. and China’s third-largest national oil company for alleged military links, heaping pressure on Beijing in President Donald Trump’s last week in office.The Department of Defense added nine companies to its list of Chinese firms with military links, including Xiaomi and state-owned plane manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (Comac).U.S. investors will have to divest their stakes in Chinese companies on the military list by November this year, according to an executive order signed by Trump last November.Xiaomi said in a statement that its products are for “civilian and commercial use" and said it is not owned, controlled or affiliated with the Chinese military.“The Company will take appropriate course of actions to protect the interests of the Company and its stakeholders,” the statement read, although Xiaomi did not elaborate on what those actions might be.Xiaomi Corp. overtook Apple Inc. as the world’s No. 3 smartphone maker by sales in the third quarter of 2020, according to data by Gartner. Xiaomi’s market share has grown as Huawei’s sales have suffered after it was blacklisted by the U.S. and its smartphones were cut off from essential services from Google.Separately, the Commerce Department put China National Offshore Oil Corp. (CNOOC) on the entity list, an economic blacklist that forbids U.S. firms from exporting or transferring technology with the companies named unless permission has been obtained from the U.S. government. The move comes after about 60 Chinese companies were added to the list in December, including drone maker DJI and semiconductor firm SMIC.CNOOC has been involved in offshore drilling in the disputed waters South China Sea, where Beijing has overlapping territorial claims with other countries including Vietnam, the Philippines, Brunei, Taiwan, and Malaysia.“China’s reckless and belligerent actions in the South China Sea and its aggressive push to acquire sensitive intellectual property and technology for its militarization efforts are a threat to U.S. national security and the security of the international community,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement.“CNOOC acts as a bully for the People’s Liberation Army to intimidate China’s neighbors, and the Chinese military continues to benefit from government civil-military fusion policies for malign purposes,” Ross said.A CNOOC spokesperson said in a statement that it will “continue to monitor the progress," acknowledging that the company had been put on the entity list.Chinese state-owned company Skyrizon was also added to the economic blacklist, for its push to “acquire and indigenize foreign military technologies,” Ross said.Beijing Skyrizon Aviation, founded by tycoon Wang Jing, drew U.S. criticism for an attempt to take over Ukraine’s military aircraft engine maker Motor Sich in 2017. The concern was that advanced aerospace technology would end up being used for military purposes.China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Zhao Lijian criticized the move as suppressing Chinese companies, and said the Trump administration was “generalizing the concept of national security and abusing state power for no apparent reason.”"China will take necessary measures to resolutely safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of Chinese enterprises, and resolutely support Chinese enterprises in safeguarding their own rights and interests in accordance with the law,” Zhao said at a daily briefing Friday.He said the U.S. actions violated principles of market competition and international economic and trade rules, and undermined the confidence of foreign enterprises investing in the U.S., all of which would eventually harm the interests of U.S. enterprises and investors.Load-Date: January 15, 2021End of Document

US blacklists Xiaomi, CNOOC, Skyrizon, raising heat on ChinaAssociated Press Financial WireJanuary 15, 2021 Friday 5:38 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 637 wordsByline: ZEN SOO, AP Technology WriterDateline: HONG KONG BodyHONG KONG (AP) — The U.S. government has blacklisted Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp. and China’s third-largest national oil company for alleged military links, heaping pressure on Beijing in President Donald Trump’s last week in office.The Department of Defense added nine companies to its list of Chinese firms with military links, including Xiaomi and state-owned plane manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (Comac).U.S. investors will have to divest their stakes in Chinese companies on the military list by November this year, according to an executive order signed by Trump last November.Xiaomi said in a statement that its products are for “civilian and commercial use" and said it is not owned, controlled or affiliated with the Chinese military.“The Company will take appropriate course of actions to protect the interests of the Company and its stakeholders,” the statement read, although Xiaomi did not elaborate on what those actions might be.Xiaomi Corp. overtook Apple Inc. as the world’s No. 3 smartphone maker by sales in the third quarter of 2020, according to data by Gartner. Xiaomi’s market share has grown as Huawei’s sales have suffered after it was blacklisted by the U.S. and its smartphones were cut off from essential services from Google.Separately, the Commerce Department put China National Offshore Oil Corp. (CNOOC) on the entity list, an economic blacklist that forbids U.S. firms from exporting or transferring technology with the companies named unless permission has been obtained from the U.S. government. The move comes after about 60 Chinese companies were added to the list in December, including drone maker DJI and semiconductor firm SMIC.CNOOC has been involved in offshore drilling in the disputed waters South China Sea, where Beijing has overlapping territorial claims with other countries including Vietnam, the Philippines, Brunei, Taiwan, and Malaysia.“China’s reckless and belligerent actions in the South China Sea and its aggressive push to acquire sensitive intellectual property and technology for its militarization efforts are a threat to U.S. national security and the security of the international community,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement.“CNOOC acts as a bully for the People’s Liberation Army to intimidate China’s neighbors, and the Chinese military continues to benefit from government civil-military fusion policies for malign purposes,” Ross said.A CNOOC spokesperson said in a statement that it will “continue to monitor the progress," acknowledging that the company had been put on the entity list.Chinese state-owned company Skyrizon was also added to the economic blacklist, for its push to “acquire and indigenize foreign military technologies,” Ross said.Beijing Skyrizon Aviation, founded by tycoon Wang Jing, drew U.S. criticism for an attempt to take over Ukraine’s military aircraft engine maker Motor Sich in 2017. The concern was that advanced aerospace technology would end up being used for military purposes.China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Zhao Lijian criticized the move as suppressing Chinese companies, and said the Trump administration was “generalizing the concept of national security and abusing state power for no apparent reason.”"China will take necessary measures to resolutely safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of Chinese enterprises, and resolutely support Chinese enterprises in safeguarding their own rights and interests in accordance with the law,” Zhao said at a daily briefing Friday.He said the U.S. actions violated principles of market competition and international economic and trade rules, and undermined the confidence of foreign enterprises investing in the U.S., all of which would eventually harm the interests of U.S. enterprises and investors.Load-Date: January 15, 2021End of Document

China's dilemmas, an unpredictable market and Mercosur's largest customerCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 5, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1008 wordsBodyBetween 17 and 30 December, the antagonistic reflections promoted by the United States and the European Union to moderate China's technological, geopolitical and trade influence, themarket that now absorbs most of Brazil's and Argentina's exports, and one of the few thriving economies on the planet, were exposed. Also the only power that so far did not take to the letter its commitment to implement the market rules and practices of conventional capitalism, despite Mr Trump's trade wars and to agree to sign an Investment Treaty "in principle" (IT) with the European Union (EU). A testament to Washington's thinking is the informal dialogue of eight former holders of the U.S. Trade Representative's Office (USTR), who starred in a substantive exchange of views convened by the Center for Strategic and International Studies (the country's main Think Center), with the deliberate interest of bringing ideas to Joe Biden'sfuture government, which will begin its mandate on January 20. Such a review of ideas took place a couple of weeks before the over-fanfare subscription of IT between the EU and the Chinese government. The brief content he transcended from this text suggests that Beijing would finally abide by many of the rules that its political class chose to ignore Olympically. For example, obligations on transparency in the use of trade policy mechanisms, respect for intellectual property rights and the purification of the manipulative functions of their state-owned enterprises. The text looks more like an inventory of unfulfilled commitments than rules aimed at modernizing and facilitating access to investment. The communiqués emphasize the importance of sectoral coverage of negotiation (automotive industry, private health services, unrestricted it cloud management, insurance, investment asset management entities and auxiliary transport professions among others). It was therefore suggestive that The Euro-Parliament representative Reinhard B'tikofer defined the decision to adopt IT as a "strategic error" of the Old Continent, as a huge ugly to Biden's incoming government. Given this table, it is not understood what role is assigned today to the triad mounted by Washington, Tokyo and the EU to jointly civilize the Beijing government,which at this hour shows an interest in not confronting, not accepting new vans of external audits, or taking into account capitalist education classes. As I noted in previous notes, the Chinese Communist Party these days is more dedicated to studying Carl Schmitt's lessons in German national-socialism than to giving up a career aimed at mastering technologies such as artificial intelligence. Such actions emphasized that the trade policy debate will be de facto set on the agenda of Washington, whose future President wished to concentrate the first half of his term on the task of serenading the domestic front. The future head of the Biden Government Trade Representative's Office, Katherine Tai, handles congress very well, the Mandarin speaks, and her colleagues say she has considerable experience in knowing where the shots go.Participants in the ex-dialogue supported the objective of urgently renewing the Trade Promotion Act (which expires mid-current year and is a vital tool for negotiating substantive aspects of foreign policy). They also suggested forming a strong coalition of nations with similar ideas (like minded) to resolvedisputes with China.They assume that this core can also be useful for reviving and modernizing the WTO. In the dialogue, we note that the return to the Tokyo Round two-speed trading club was privileged (a weak recipe for explaining why these approaches have not, in recent years, been used to approve plurilateral projects such as the new Agreement on Trade in Services (TISA), the Agreement on Environmental Goods or the simple elimination of fisheries subsidies). Most former believe it is essential to negotiate America's re-entry to the Trans-Pacific Partnership,as China succeeded in conceting the Comprehensive Regional Economic Partnership (RCEP) also involving South Korea, Australia, New Zealand and the Asean countries (Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, Philippines, Brunei, Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia and Myanmar). In addition, most formers postulate the idea of killing the WTO's Most Favoured Nation Principle, claiming that its content is old and not in the United States' interest, as it excludes the obligation of partial and direct reciprocity from trade and favors free-riders. This group emphasized the need to resurrect the WTO Appellate Body as soon as possible only as an auditor of the application of international law, not as a body with a legislative vocation; and rebuild the Alliance with the European Union (of course that was before the hasty signing of IT was realized). USTR veterans insist on eliminating special and differential treatment for developing nations, starting with ending the right to apply for self-choice, enjoying that status vitally, and benefiting countries such as China, Singapore, and South Korea. One of them argued that Washington should seriously consider leaving the WTO if the other members do not accept such proposals. I believe that this volcanic flattening comes from someone who knows the Multilateral Trading System in half.The draft IT appears to contain new rules of the game on investment, highlighting disciplines onthe role of state enterprises, transparency in the administration of subsidies, measures against forced technology transfer, regulations on sustainable development, obligations against forced labour use, ratification of environmental conventions and adjustment of commitments on climate change.The coordinators of these policies will be the Executive Vice-President of the EU Commission, Valdis Dombrovskis and the Deputy Prime Minister of China. In this context Beijing accepted the goal of reaching zero net emissions by 2060, rather than the 2050 deadline proclaimed by the EU.Editor's Note: The author is a diplomat and journalist. Look too       Load-Date: January 6, 2021End of Document

Chinese state newspaper leaves Jack Ma off the list of business leadersCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 2, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 282 wordsBodySHANGHI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Alibaba Group founder Jack Ma has been left off a list of Chinese business leaders published by state media, highlighting his disgrace to Beijing.China's best-known entrepreneur was not mentioned in a front-page article published by the Shanghai Securities News. Instead, Ren Zhengfei of Huawei Technologies, Lei Jun of Xiaomi Corp [1810.HK], and Wang Chuanfu of BYD [002594.SZ], were praised for their contributions.It was published on Tuesday, the day Alibaba will report its latest quarterly earnings. The e-commerce giant did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Ma's current problems with the Chinese government began on October 24, when in a speech he lashed out at China's regulatory system, leading to the suspension of his $37 billion initial public offering, just days before the financial technology giant's quote.Since then, regulators have launched antitrust research in the technology sector, in which Alibaba has received much of the attention. Stricter regulations are also being considered for Ant Group.Ma, who is not known for shying away from the spotlight, subsequently disappeared from the public scene for about three months, sparking frantic speculation about his whereabouts. Last month it reappeared with a 50-second video.The Shanghai Securities News said that while some of the entrepreneurs he praised had once behaved as "reckless heroes" in their efforts to break with an old, rigid economic system, they now ran "a group of companies that respected the rules of development and abided by market rules."(Brenda Goh information; additional information by Josh Horwitz; edited by Edwina Gibbs; translation by Jorge Martínez)Load-Date: February 3, 2021End of Document

Trump seeks to ban eight Chinese apps in the US, including WeChat PayCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 6, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 353 wordsBodyMADRID, Esp. (Europa Press). - U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order prohibiting transactions with eight Chinese mobile phone apps, including several payment services, to what he described as "a threat to national security."The representative detailed in his order that "additional steps must be taken to address the national emergency regarding information and communication technologies", before specifically targeting "the pace and omnipresence of the dissemination in the United States of certain mobile and computer applications and other software developed or controlled by people in China".The representative stated that this "continues to threaten U.S. national security, foreign policy, and the economy" and argued that access to these devices allows "to capture large blocks of user information, including sensitive and identifiable personal information, as well as private information.""This data collection threatens to give the Chinese government and the Communist Party of China (PCCh) access to Americans' personal and property information, which would allow China to track the location of federal employees and contractors and create personal information files," he said.Trump emphasized that "China's continued activity in stealing or obtaining data from people in the United States makes it clear that there is an attempt to use data collection to advance China's economic and national agenda" and that this situation has caused "many executive departments and agencies to prohibit the use of Chinese applications and other dangerous software on federal computers and mobiles.""The United States must take aggressive action against those who develop or control software-connected applications to protect our national security," he said.The measure affects Alipay, CamScanner, QQ Wallet, SHAREit, Tencent QQ, VMate, WeChat Pay, and WPS Office.The executive order will not be enforced for 45 days, according to standard practices, so the decision on its execution or termination will remain in the hands of the President-elect, Joe Biden, once he arrives at the White House on January 20.Load-Date: January 7, 2021End of Document

China Cracks Down on Fake Divorces That Let People Buy More PropertiesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 22, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 434 wordsBody(Bloomberg) -- A resurgence in real estate prices in Shanghai and Shenzhen has prompted authorities to rein in speculation, in line with the Chinese government’s resolve to keep the property market in check.Shanghai officials unveiled policies late Thursday to cool the local market, including a measure designed to plug a loophole long exploited by buyers using fake divorces to become eligible to purchase more properties or obtain mortgages. The city will also levy a tax on sales of houses purchased within five years, up from the previous two-year barrier.This is “aimed at resolutely enforcing the decisions of the central committee of the Party” and “firmly upholding the policy stance that ‘houses are for inhabiting, not for speculation’,” the Shanghai municipal government said in a statement, referring to President Xi Jinping’s vow first made in 2017 to boost housing affordability.With the new policy, Shanghai follows big cities including Shenzhen and Hangzhou to crack down on housing speculation via fake divorces since 2018, said Pan Hao, a property analyst at KE Holdings Inc. As most Chinese cities limit home-buying demand by capping the number of properties a family can own, divorce becomes a way to bypass the restriction. In Shanghai, local families are allowed to own two homes. Under the new rule, the number of homes owned by people who have been divorced for less than three years will be counted based on the total they had when they were still married.Shenzhen MovesThe government of the southern boomtown of Shenzhen also moved to tighten home-purchase rules this month, according to local media reports. With the cost of an apartment equal to 43.5 times a resident’s average annual salary, Shenzhen’s housing affordability is little better than Hong Kong, the worst among 80 megacities, according to E-House (China) Enterprise Holdings Ltd., a real estate firm.Chinese authorities are determined to control housing risks after monetary easing spurred a rebound in the residential market. The central bank capped loans for the real estate sector earlier this month for the first time.Existing-home prices of certain popular projects in Shanghai surged more than 30% last year, according to China Real Estate Information Corp. Sales of existing homes in the city almost doubled last month from a year earlier, based on square-meter volume, according to KE Holdings.The new rules in Shanghai add to the tightening of city’s already strict home-buying requirements. In 2016, it raised the down-payment threshold to as high as 70% of a residential property’s value to cool demand.Load-Date: January 23, 2021End of Document

The global smart manufacturing market was valued at USD 194.63 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach USD 314.39 billion by 2026 and grow at a CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period (2021-2026); Industry 4. 0 has been aiding the transition of industries from having legacy systems to smart components and smart machines, facilitating digital factories, and later, to an ecosystem of connected plants and enterprises.GlobeNewswireMarch 17, 2021 Wednesday 3:05 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MARKET RESEARCH REPORTSLength: 1202 wordsBodyNew York, March  17, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report "Smart Manufacturing Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026)" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p06036739/?utm_source=GNW  Anticipating the increased adoption of IoT and digital transformation across industries, the European Commission estimated that IoT's value in Europe itself is expected to exceed EUR 1 trillion in 2020.- Smart manufacturing initiatives are also on the rise. Smart Manufacturing Leadership Coalition (SMLC), a combination of US?based industrial organizations, technology suppliers, laboratories, and universities, is currently working on next-generation Smart Manufacturing Platform and Smart Factory connectivity.- Similarly, the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC), another industry?led initiative, was established to bring together advanced technologies and organizations necessary to accelerate industrial automation growth.- The use of software and services, such as PLC, SCADA, ERP, DCS, HMI, PLM, and MES, has enabled the industries to gather real-time data and make decisions based on them. This software has been beneficial for the industry in reducing the product's faults, reducing downtime, scheduled maintenance, and switching, from being in the reactive state to predictive and prescriptive stages and decision making.- The adoption of international standards on environmental management systems, notably the ISO 50001 standard, has grown significantly over the last few years. This is also forcing manufacturers to invest in energy-saving strategies, hence, developing space for the market studied to grow.- Smart manufacturing also utilizes Big Data analytics to refine complicated processes and manage supply chains. Big Data analytics allows an enterprise to use smart manufacturing to shift from reactionary practices to predictive ones. This change targets improved the efficiency of the process and performance of the product.- The outbreak of COVID-19 has triggered the manufacturing sector to re-evaluate its traditional production processes, primarily driving the digital transformation and smart manufacturing practices across the production lines. The manufacturers are also collectively forced to devise and implement multiple new and agile approaches to monitor product and quality control.Key Market TrendsAutomotive Industry is Expected to Drive the Market Growth- The prime concern of the automotive industry is the length of a project. Hence, quick return-on-investment projects combined with low-cost automation and cost innovation help manufacturers improve competitiveness through productivity improvement.- Value streams are expected to become more agile through adaptive manufacturing and extensive utilization of 3D-printing. These value streams are expected to become more software-based.- Also, automotive manufacturing is getting impetus from smart technologies, Industry 4.0, and IoT. For instance, discrete manufacturing is the manufacturing or production of distinct parts that can be individually touched and counted. The parts are mainly related to assembly lines. Discrete manufacturing includes products, such as cars, automotive parts, etc. that are getting increasingly connected.- Smart manufacturing is also expected to help in balancing the supply and demand, enhancing product design, optimizing manufacturing efficiency, and significantly reducing waste. Moreover, Industrial robots play a vital role in digital manufacturing, as it creates a virtual and connected ecosystem. Furthermore, it collects data associated with equipment, which is used to enhance the efficiency and scheduling. It also helps in predicting and mitigating any unforeseen error.China Occupies Maximum Market Share- China's manufacturing industry has retained higher growth over the past decade and has become the largest manufacturing country globally. In several industries, including steel, most of the global production comes from China. Manufacturing is one of China's prominent features, and it is undergoing a rapid transformation. This large-scale transformation has aided the country in being a leading nation in the manufacturing market, globally.- According to the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), China's investment in the high-tech manufacturing industry expanded in the first eight months of 2019. From January 2019 to August 2019, the investment grew 12% year on year, quickening 0.9% points from that in the January-July period.- After the implementation of Industry 4.0 in Germany and the Industrial Internet in the United States, the Chinese government launched the Made in China 2025 policy. This has emerged as a significant focus across the country's entire manufacturing community to remain the largest manufacturing sector.- Several initiatives by the government by private organizations have significantly increased interest in smart manufacturing technology. Moreover, China accounts for 25% of the world's manufacturing activities (OECD Estimates). However, manufacturing productivity is a mere one-fifth of that of the developed economies. Companies are, thus, embracing Industry 4.0 to improve productivity.- Considering these factors, Chinese manufacturers adopt various smart manufacturing approaches, like Industry 4.0 and Industrial IoT, for the future global competitiveness and survival. Such instance over the forecast period is anticipated to drive the market for smart manufacturing significantly.Competitive LandscapeThe smart manufacturing market is moderately competitive and consists of several major players. The major players with the prominent shares in the market are focusing on expanding their customer base across foreign countries. The companies are leveraging strategic collaborative initiatives to increase their market share and profitability. The companies operating in the market are also acquiring start-ups working on autonomous delivery robot technologies to strengthen their product capabilities. Some of the recent developments in the market are:- July 2020 - ABB opened a new robotics facility to support the digital transformation of manufacturing in India. The facility is expected to offer Indian customers the benefits of Industry 4.0, including robotics and digitalization technologies, to help India become a resilient high-tech manufacturing economy in the world.- July 2020 - Vivo inaugurated its new smart manufacturing plant in China. The plant is located in Changan Town, China, and will produce 70 million units every year. Vivo's new smart manufacturing plant plays a big part in its efforts to be a wholly self-developed and self-produced smartphone vendor.Reasons to Purchase this report:- The market estimate (ME) sheet in Excel format- 3 months of analyst supportRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p06036739/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001Load-Date: March 17, 2021End of Document

ALG TO BIDEN: STAND UP FOR AMERICAN JOBSStates News ServiceMarch 24, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 416 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: Fairfax, VA BodyThe following information was released by Americans for Limited Government:ALG sends letter to Biden urging him to reject trade court decision that would kill U.S. jobsFairfax, Va. Americans for Limited Government President Rick Manning today sent a letter to President Joe Biden urging him to override the recent United States International Trade Court (USITC) trade dispute decision in a case involving the importation and sale of certain lithium ion batteries, battery cells, battery modules, and battery packs, which would do significant damage to United States interests in growing a domestic electric vehicle (EV) battery manufacturing capacity.At stake are 2,600 jobs in Georgia beginning in 2024. The SK Innovations Georgia battery plant is expected to produce as many as 250,000 new EV batteries annually when fully completed. These specially designed electric batteries are for the new Ford EV F-150 truck and for Volkswagon's Chattanooga, Tennessee EV manufacturing plant.The USITC is a U.S. federal court that adjudicates civil actions arising out of U.S. customs and international trade laws. In this case, the court ruled against SK Innovations in a trade dispute with one of its South Korean competitors, LG Chem.From the letter:Please understand that Americans for Limited Government does not agree with your administration's underlying rationale behind the push for electric vehicles. However, the business decision made by Ford and Volkswagen to continue their aggressive expansion into this market should not be delayed for years due to what effectively amounts to a trade dispute between two South Korean competitors.One other aspect of this dispute that is important to note is that while SK Innovation adheres to the Clean Content requirements excluding invasive Communist Chinese Party software and hardware from use in their company, complainant LG Chem does not. Given the experience in Anchorage, where the Chinese government demonstrated public contempt for America and our representatives, it would be significant for the administration to put new weight into the Clean Content international agreement as a whole. Striking down the USITC decision in this case would send a powerful, proportional message in that regard.Mr. President, you have a unique opportunity to stand up for American manufacturing and the jobs it will create, while demonstrating strong leadership in our nation's relationship to China. It is our fervent hope that you will reject this USITC decision.Load-Date: March 24, 2021End of Document

WHO Experts Leave Wuhan Quarantine To Start Coronavirus ProbeStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeJanuary 28, 2021 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: WORLD NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 584 wordsByline: Steven ClarkeBodyAfter 23 elderly Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine receivers died in Norway, the Chinese state media found the opportunity and called for an investigation.Speaking to news agency Associated Press, Zhang Hai, who lost his father due to COVID-29 February past year, said, "Don't pretend that we don't exist, that we aren't seeking accountability".“Its objective is to shift the blame from mishandling by [the] Chinese government in the pandemics early days to conspiracy by the USA, ” said Fang Shimin, a now-US-based writer known for exposing faked degrees and other fraud in Chinese science.Along with the criticism related to China's early Coronavirus response, the Chinese Communist Party has been facing questions about the made-in-China vaccines.After denying for months the WHO's request for an investigation into the origins of Coronavirus, China finally agreed to allow an expert team of the WHO to conduct a field study in Wuhan in hopes to find out how the virus spread across the country and the world.The WHO team, which arrived in Wuhan on January 14 to investigate the origins of the virus, is expected to begin field work later this week after a 14-day quarantine.But former U.S. president Donald Trump supported a theory that the virus could have instead originated in a lab at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, something China rejects.Tomb Raider is the latest target for Netflix's video game anime pushNetflix and Legendary Television are also now in production on the previously announced anime series Pacific Rim: The Black . The Tomb Raider video games are developed by Crystal Dynamics and Eidos Montréal, and published by Square Enix .According to Yuan Zeng, who is an expert on Chinese media at the University of Leeds in the United Kingdom, the CCP-led government's theories spread so widely that some of her well-educated friends started to cast doubt on what they used to know about the Coronavirus. Officials have dismissed the lawsuits, interrogated Zhang and others repeatedly and threatened to fire relatives of those who speak to the foreign media, according to interviews with Zhang and other relatives.Medical workers work at "Wuhan Livingroom" in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, Feb. 8, 2020. Our team are on the ground, they're having a good experience working with our Chinese colleagues."I hope the World Health Organization experts don't become a tool to spread lies".However, while calling for WHO's investigation involving USA military lab, the Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Chunying said: "If America respects the truth, then please open up Ft"."I think we have to say this quite plainly; all hypotheses are on the table and it is definitely too early to come to a conclusion of exactly where this virus started either within or without China", Ryansaid at a press conference in Geneva in response to a question regarding the head of China's CDC's claims that the virus had not originated in the country.China has worked hard to control the narrative surrounding the virus, punishing citizen journalists who spoke out against the government's explanation of events. "If the experts are unable to meet them due to the Chinese government's interference, the World Health Organization should publicly condemn such interference", Wang said.The audio recording of one such meeting shows that WHO's technical lead on COVID-19, Dr. Maria Van Kerkhove said they didn't have sufficient information. "It's clearly not enough for you to do proper planning", Kerkhove reportedly said.Load-Date: January 30, 2021End of Document

Tomorrow's prisons are in thought. China has blocked access to the Clubhouse social networkCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 14, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 187 wordsBodyThe image of technological progress contrasts with the policy adopted whenever something escapes state control, but this is just another display of what the Chinese Government designates as sovereignty on the internet — or the right to limit what citizens access online. There are several examples of platforms to which the Chinese Communist Party has blocked access in recent years (from Facebook to Twitter, through media or human rights associations), but this time it is the speed of the blockade that surprises.They did not expect clubhouse to become one of the most used social networks to ban its use and it took a few conversations deemed inappropriate for their ban to be ordered. In search of notoriety, the app created for voice conversations in virtual rooms —the user experience is between WhatsApp and podcasts—gave access to an uncensored forum where Chinese users could talk about sensitive issues. And the answer came in the form of a blockade on the servers of China Telecom, Ltd., the state telecommunications group that controls internet traffic and serves as a border between the Asian giant and abroad.Load-Date: February 15, 2021End of Document

Nike Under PressureJim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUSMarch 25, 2021 Thursday 1:01 PM EDTCopyright 2021 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 448 wordsByline: Jim Cramer and the AAP TeamHighlight: While the dynamic in China is a headwind, we believe it will prove to be temporary.BodyShares of Nike  are under pressure today following reports of an effort to boycott the brand in China due to its refusal to source material from Xinjiang due to labor concerns.While the boycott originally targeted Hennes & Mauritz (aka H&M), which Bloomberg  "was blasted by the Communist Youth League and the People's Liberation Army Wednesday after social-media users dug out an undated company statement about accusations of forced labor in Xinjiang," it quickly spread to several other U.S. and European retailers, including Nike, which has in the past expressed similar concerns over labor practices in the region.In a previously released , the company commented: "Nike is committed to ethical and responsible manufacturing and we uphold international labor standards. We are concerned about reports of forced labor in, and connected to, the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (XUAR). Nike does not source products from the XUAR and we have confirmed with our contract suppliers that they are not using textiles or spun yarn from the region."Dealing with events such as this is an unfortunate reality of doing business in China as the country simply does not hold the same views as other more democratic nations when it comes to labor practices and regulation. This puts Nike in a tough spot as it must of course stick to its guns on human rights; however, as members know, China represents a massive growth market for the company and was a bright spot in the most recent quarterly earnings release. Recall while U.S. sales were hampered by container shortages and port congestions, sales in China were better than expected and surged 51% (42% on a currency-neutral basis) from the year ago period.With that in mind, while the stock is certainly hurting today, we have heard these calls for boycott before with other U.S. companies -- such as Apple  which has thus far managed to successfully navigate the headwind -- and believe that like Apple, Nike has its incredible brand name recognition working to its advantage. Of course, that can only go so far when a communist regime takes issue with your corporate practices.As a result, while the dynamic is a headwind, we believe that if Nike can keep its head down and stay out of future headlines, it will prove temporary as Nike is liked by the Chinese government and just last year  with the Chinese Athletics Association through 2033.Lastly, as a Jim commented on his , for those considering taking advantage of today's decline, we would wait to see the action into the close (think the last 20 minutes of trading) as the institutions will be done selling by then and we will get a much better sense of the stock's true support level.Load-Date: March 26, 2021End of Document

Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreakCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 22, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 854 wordsBodyWUHAN, China (AP) — Two new films about Wuhan were released friday, on the eve of the 76-day closing anniversary in this central Chinese city where the coronavirus was first detected. How they were released and who their audience is totally contrasts.The first, a government-backed film praising sacrifices in Wuhan, will be presented throughout China, and is intended for audiences who strongly support the Communist Party's response to the outbreak. The second, a grim documentary about the pandemic of artist and political activist Ai Weiwei, has been forced to search for viewers on the internet, showing the party's influence on the global film industry.The Chinese government has tried to control the narrative and evade blame on the origins of the pandemic. He has created a history of triumph against the virus through television shows, social media and books, celebrating government-supported nurses, doctors and vaccine companies. Any criticism of mistakes made at first is silenced.The government-backed film "Wu Han Ri Ye" ("Days and Nights in Wuhan") includes contributions from 30 filmmakers portraying the suffering of the city's 11 million residents, medical staff and frontline workers as they battled the virus that began spreading through the city in 2019.Ai's "Coronation" has been rejected from festivals, cinemas and streaming services, including Amazon and Netflix, he said. The artist attributes censorship to fears of offending the party, which controls which films can be presented in Chinese and which Chinese films can be presented abroad."I don't care about film festivals," Ai said at a virtual press conference Friday offered by the Japan Foreign Correspondents Club. "But they are a platform, they should present substantial films. That's your duty. If this duty is not fulfilled then I feel ashamed for them."The closure in Wuhan, imposed on 23 January 2020, eventually spread to the surrounding areas in Hubei Province, confining 56 million people to their homes."Days and Nights in Wuhan" by director Cao Jinling, premiered previously in Wuhan and had a national premiere on Friday. The film echoes china's official line that the measures it took, including closure, gave valuable time for them to prepare for the pandemic. Critics point out that the communist party's usual secrecy and weak control measures allowed the virus to spread initially.It's unclear if there are plans to present the film abroad."We wanted to record the journey of fighting the COVID-19 epidemic through a film. Some of the details, including intensive care and anxious waiting, heartbreaking farewells and hopeful rebirths, could touch viewers," Cao said on state CCTV.In the progress of the film there are medical personnel who repeatedly express their determination to defeat the outbreak. "I have a huge love for my hometown and I will do whatever it takes to save it," says an ambulance driver.Ai's film addresses the same story from the perspective of Wuhan construction workers, couriers, doctors and residents. Like the other film, it is a collage, but it uses images sometimes subreptitiously shot by amateur friends, colleagues and videographers, some of whom remain anonymous to avoid repercussions from the authorities.His film provides a rare picture of the pain suffered by COVID-19 patients in China, with images of people who cannotbreathe while doctors in protective suits try to save them.Hospitals and morgues were overwhelmed at the height of the crisis and Wuhan has most of the 4,635 deaths from the disease recorded in China.On Friday morning, following a performance with few attendees of "Days and Nights in Wuhan", Wang Yu said the film had revived memories of the trauma over the closure and fears of what might come."It's hard to describe, it's been a year since, and remembering now is still painful," Wang said, 31. Relatives of her husband who died in the outbreak appear in the film, she said."There's the virus mutated, there's fear. There's a second chinese Lunar New Year celebration that we're going to have to go through like this," he said. "Things are a little better than last year, but I'm afraid, it's not completely over. So we continue under the effect of the virus, fear and terror."It has been mainly free of the virus since the end of its closure, although smaller outbreaks have occurred that have unseated new containment measures in many other Chinese cities.The Chinese government has tried to question the hypothesis that Wuhan is the origin of the pandemic, driving very little-accepted theories such as that the virus came from outside the country, possibly brought by American soldiers.In the city there is now a team of world health organization specialists who were sent to investigate the origin of the virus.A panel of experts commissioned by WHO criticized China and other countries this week for not acting quickly to control the initial outbreak, leading Beijing to agree that it could act better, but also to defend its response.___Wu reported from Taipei, Taiwan. Associated Press photographer Ng Han Guan in Wuhan, China, contributed to this firm.Load-Date: January 23, 2021End of Document

CHINA'S RICHEST MAN MAKES FIRST PUBLIC APPEARANCE SINCE OCTOBERStates News ServiceJanuary 20, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 314 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the Voice of America (VOA):Chinese billionaire Jack Ma has made his first public appearance since openly criticizing China's financial regulatory system just over two months ago.Ma appeared in a 50-second video Wednesday published on Chinese financial news outlets congratulating rural teachers who have been supported by his charitable foundation, vowing that he and his colleagues would devote themselves to educational philanthropy.The 56-year-old billionaire founder of Alibaba, the world's largest online retail company,had been out of public view since making a speech at a business conference last October in Shanghai, accusing regulators of stifling innovation and blocking opportunities.Several weeks later, the government suspended the debut of the Ant Group, a spinoff of Alibaba, as a publicly traded company on Hong Kong and Shanghai exchanges, a move that cost the company $37 billion, which would have set the record profit for an initial public offeringThe People's Bank of China later ordered Ant to return to its "payment origins," enhance transparency around transactions and prohibit unfair competition. Ant began as a payments service for Alibaba, the world's biggest online retail company, and evolved over time as one of the world's biggest online financial services companies, offering such services as loans, investing and insurance.The Bank's decision on Ant coincided with the Chinese government's market regulation agency decision to open an anti-monopoly investigation into Alibaba. The probe is looking into the company's practice of forcing its business partners to choose either Alibaba or a rival competitor, instead of allowing them to sell their merchandise through both outlets.Alibaba was founded in 1999 by Jack Ma, who has become the richest businessman in China with an estimated net worth of $59 billion.Load-Date: January 20, 2021End of Document

World Scientific Publishing: A New Foundation Toward Achieving the Next Generation of Artificial IntelligenceTargeted News ServiceMarch 5, 2021 Friday 8:10 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1589 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: SINGAPORE Body(TNSRes) -- World Scientific Publishing issued the following news release:Human beings are living inside an ocean of signals. These signals enable human beings to demonstrate intelligence. Similarly, machines are also surrounded by signals. Artificial intelligence (AI) or machine intelligence has become a hot topic for many decades due to the high expectation of the public on the emergence of smart machines and smart products.However, the AI research community is still struggling to determine the foci of machine intelligence. For instance, the low-level focus of AI is to advocate computer-aided human intelligence. We believe that the more challenging focus should aim at creating machines that can achieve human-like self-intelligence by themselves.The development of machine's self-intelligence faces two fundamental issues. The first one is to discover, or formulate, the physical principles behind the transformation of visual signals to cognitive states of knowing the meanings of these visual signals. The second one is to discover, or formulate, the physical principles behind the transformation of audio signals to cognitive states of knowing the meanings of these audio signals.New Foundation of Artificial Intelligence lays out the new foundation of AI with two objectives in mind. The first objective is to shed lights on this new direction which is founded on the use of human languages together with an extension into a technical language (i.e. mathematics) and programming languages. In this way, the answer to the question of knowledge representation becomes obvious to all researchers in the AI community. The second objective is to provide the teaching materials which will guide students in AI to master the fundamentals of achieving computer-aided human intelligence, as well as to prepare students to venture into the achievements of machine's self-intelligence.New Foundation of Artificial Intelligence retails for US$88 / pound sterling73 (hardcover) and is also available in electronic formats.About the AuthorsXie Ming received his B.Eng. degree in control and automation engineering from the East-China Institute of Textile Technology (now Donghua University, Shanghai, China). Subsequently, under the prestigious overseas scholarship of the Chinese government, he completed both postgraduate studies and doctorate research works, and has received his Master degree from the University of Valenciennes, France in 1986 as well as his Ph.D. degree from University of Rennes, France in 1989. Since 1986, he has worked as Research Assistant at IRISA-INRIA Rennes, Expert Engineer (1990-1993) at INRIA Sophia-Antipolis, Lecturer (1996-1997)/Senior Lecturer (1998)/Associate Professor (since 1999) of Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. He is also Fellow (2000-2002) of the Singapore-MIT Alliance (SMA) (Affiliated with Innovation in Manufacturing Systems and Technology Program), Guest Professor of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China (2002, 2006), University Professor (awarded by China's Jiangsu Provincial Government) (2014), Entrepreneurship Professor (awarded by China's Jiangsu Provincial Government) (2020-2022), and Dean of the College of Electrical Engineering and Control Science at Nanjing Tech University, China (2014-2016). In terms of social services, Ming XIE is a member of the People's Action Party (PAP) , Singapore the Founding Editor-in-Chief of the International Journal of Humanoid Robotics (IJHR which is SCI/SCIE indexed), the Founding President of the Robotics Society of Singapore (RSS), Founding President of the Science-Technology Alliance between Singapore and China (STASC), Founding Member of GD-HK-MC Greater Bay Area International Chamber of Commerce (Macau) (GHMBIC), and was the General Chair of the 2007 International Conference on Climbing and Walking Robots (CLAWAR), and the General Chair of the 2009 International Conference on Intelligent Robotics and Applications (ICIRA). When he was at the College of Electrical Engineering and Control Science of Nanjing Tech University, he undertook a holistic reform of the undergraduate education program as well as postgraduate education program. In addition, he has also reformed the governance and reward systems at the same college. In terms of industrial services, he has worked as Assistant Engineer (internship) at Renault Automation in Paris, Application Engineer attached to Development Center of Renault Automobile in Paris, Technical Consultant for projects of Asia Electronics Pte Ltd, Technical Consultant for projects of the Port of Singapore Authority, Technical Consultant for the training of engineers of Delphi Automotive Systems Pte Ltd, Technical Consultant for the training of engineers of ST Aerospace Ltd, Technical Consultant for the training of engineers of MuRata Electronics Pte Ltd, Technical Consultant for projects of Sony Electronics Pte Ltd, and Technical Consultant of Singapore Power Ltd. In terms of high education, he has taught courses such as Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Machine Vision, Measurement and Sensing Systems, Microprocessor Systems, and University Physics. In terms of scientific research, Ming XIE has published two authored books, two edited books, several book chapters, over 10 patents of invention, over 30 research papers in scientific journals and over 100 research papers in international conferences. Ming XIE has been a recipient of the best conference paper award from World Automation Congress, the best conference paper award from CLAWAR, the outstanding paper award from International Journal of Industrial Robot, the Gold Prize (S$8K) from CrayQuest, the Grand Champion Prize (S$15K) from CrayQuest, of A-Star's Best Research Idea Prize (S$5K), and the Silver Medal from Dragon Design Foundation. Ming XIE was the lead co-founder of the Laboratory of Intelligent Vehicle (now under the name ofknown as the Intelligent Systems Center) at Nanyang Technological University, and the lead co-founder of the Institute of Intelligent Systems and Robotics at Nanjing Tech University. Ming XIE's research interests include machine intelligence (cognitive vision, natural language understanding), humanoid robotics (design, control, biped walking, mobile manipulation) and autonomous vehicles (perception, planning, and control). In terms of techno-entrepreneurship, Ming XIE was the founder of iCar Electronics Co. Ltd., the founder of Humanoid Robotics Pte. Ltd., and the founder of SMAROBOT Co. Ltd. Ming XIE was one of recipients of the Second Prize from the 2009 Spring Techno-entrepreneurship Competition organized by the Chinese Ministry of Education, one of the recipients of the First Prize from the 2010 Spring Techno-entrepreneurship Competition organized by the Chinese Ministry of Education, and one of recipients of the Thousand Elite Plan's Expert Title awarded by Shanghai's Municipal Government.Hui Chen is Director of China Society of Automotive Engineering, Secretary-General of the Automobile Intelligent Transportation Branch, Member of the Steering Technology Branch, Member of the National Automotive Standardization Technical Committee Steering System Subcommittee, and Member of SAE International, the Society of Automotive Engineers of Japan (JSAE), and IEEE.In 1985, he graduated from the Automation Department of China Textile University (now Donghua University, Shanghai, China) with a bachelor's degree. After obtaining a master's degree in automation from the university in 1988, he stayed on as a teaching assistant.In 1993, he went to Yokohama National University, Japan to study for a doctorate degree. In 1996, he received a doctorate degree in electronics and information engineering from Yokohama National University.In 1996, he joined NSK Co., Ltd. (NSK) and served as Assistant Manager of the Research and Development Center of the Electric Power Steering System (EPS) Division.In 2002, he returned to China and served as a professor and director of the Chassis Electronic Control System Research Office of Tongji University. In 2005, he was selected as the "New Century Excellent Talent Support Program" by the Ministry of Education. In 2010, he established "Tongji University Automobile College-JTEKT Automotive Active Safety Technology Joint Laboratory" and served as the laboratory leader. In 2013, he won the "Good Tutor in My Mind" Spring Weather Award from Tongji University and the first prize of Shanghai Science and Technology Progress Award "Key Technologies and Application of Integrated Control of Automobile Multi-source Powertrain".Zhencheng Hu is Founder and CEO of Edge Perception Technology in Shanghai, China. Dr. Hu successfully founded WiSSEN Intelligent Sensing Technology in 2011, which has grown into an important worldwide supplier of automotive camera modules. Dr. Hu has been working in Kumamoto University, Japan for 13 years as an Associate Professor. He received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from Kumamoto University in 2001 and held different positions in the image processing frontier industry before he joined the faculty team in ITS Lab in Kumamoto University.Dr. Hu has been involved over the last 22 years in the field of computer vision, intelligent vehicles, sensor fusion and augmented reality, and have published more than 100 technical papers in relative journals and conferences since 1996. Dr. Hu holds more than 20 patents (pendings included) in Japan, US, and Europe.[Category: Media]Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7406746 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 5, 2021End of Document

Jack Ma's Ant Group was the next big thing. Now it may become just a boring bankCNN WireFebruary 19, 2021 Friday 11:57 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1529 wordsByline: Analysis by Laura He, CNN BusinessDateline: (CNN) Body             Jack Ma's Ant Group quickly became one of China's most powerful companies, and its plans for bridging the worlds of tech and finance were growing ever more ambitious by the day.Now it appears to be turning into the kind of highly regulated Chinese bank that it hoped to supplant.Months after the company's blockbuster initial public offering was shelved at the last minute - a move that appears to have been sparked by Ma's criticism of Chinese regulators - several media outlets have reported that Ant has agreed with authorities to become a financial holding company.Ant declined to comment on those reports earlier this month, and the details of any potential agreement were not immediately clear. The company did not respond this week to additional questions about any deal with authorities.But the reports suggest that the Alibaba-affiliated company may now have to follow rules similar to those required of traditional Chinese banks - a move that could force it to scale down its aspirations to be a dominant force in the tech world.The company is best known for its Alipay digital payments app, which boasts more than 700 million active users every month. It also has massive interests in online investing, insurance and consumer lending, which have helped it grow into business with assets worth about $635 billion under management.While the company was largely able to grow unchecked over the past decade, the political winds in Beijing are changing. Authorities are growing increasingly mindful of how much influence Ant and its peers have on the country's financial system - Ant, for example, now commands more than half of the mobile payments market in China - and are looking for ways to rein them in."The Chinese government is moving to regulate these apps with a much heavier hand," said Doug Fuller, an associate professor at the City University of Hong Kong who studies technological development in Asia. "The aim is not to kill these apps, but the days of unrestrained growth and hopes of displacing traditional banking some day are over."What it means to be a bankBeijing's tech crackdown has taken many forms over the past several months. Not only did regulators force Ant Group to call off its record-breaking IPO, they also launched an antitrust investigation into Alibaba, questioned executives at Tencent and Pinduoduo, and floated new rules that could govern the operations at many tech firms.While several loose ends remain, there are some clues as to what Ant's ultimate fate may be, at least. The People's Bank of China last September outlined new measures for financial holding companies that required them to hold "adequate capital" matching the amount of assets they have, among other measures.If Ant is now classified as one of those companies, that could mean it will either have to significantly increase the amount of cash it holds in reserve, or otherwise slash the size of its consumer lending business.Even though the details of Ant's reported agreement have not yet been confirmed, it's easy to see why these new rules might be a problem.Ant held about 2.15 trillion yuan ($333 billion) worth of consumer and small business loans as of last June, according to its IPO prospectus. By comparison, more than 4,000 commercial banks in China held just six times as much in outstanding loans at the time, according to data from the People's Bank of China, the country's central bank.Against that huge loan book, Ant held just 16 billion yuan ($2.5 billion) in authorized capital.Beijing, meanwhile, mandates that "systemically important" banks, or those deemed too big to fail, have enough money to cover at least 11.5% of their risk-weighted assets - a rule it adapted from a widely used international banking guideline called the Basel Accord. Ant's balance sheet falls far short of that ratio. (Notably, China's ratio is even stricter than that used by other countries that follow Basel.)On Saturday, regulators announced even more new rules that could dampen Ant's growth. Online lending companies like Ant will from next year be required to put up at least 30% of the funding for any loan they issue in partnership with a bank according to the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission. Ant contributed just 2% in funding to the more than $260 billion in consumer loans they issued jointly with banks as of last June, according to stock exchange filings.Ant will have "less flexibility and innovative space," if it becomes a financial holding company, wrote Ji Shaofeng, the chairman of the China Small and Micro Credit Industry Research Association, in Caixin Global magazine last November after the IPO was pulled. He added that the large amounts of consumer data that Ant has collected through its digital payments services could also now fall under the watchful eye of regulators, potentially presenting further challenges."For a tech company that needs constantly [to] innovate, such regulations will pose extremely big pressure," he wrote.Longstanding public tensionsThis is exactly the kind of pressure that Ma, the co-founder of Ant and Alibaba, was worried about when he landed himself in hot water with regulators late last year."The Basel Accord is more like a club for the elderly," Ma said during a speech in Shanghai last October, his last before Ant's IPO was pulled and he largely retreated from public life."What it wants to solve is the problem of the aging financial system that has been in operation for decades," Ma said. But while systems like Europe's are complex, he called China's financial system an "adolescent" that is better served by innovative tech firms that can bring banking to poor populations and small-time businesses that are otherwise locked out of traditional banks."The Basel Accord is about risk control," Ma added. "But China's problem is the opposite. China doesn't have systemic financial risks, because it basically has no financial system."The tech entrepreneur's choice of words during that speech grew even more colorful - he criticized China's conventional, state-controlled banks for having a "pawn shop" mentality - and likely spurred Beijing to act swiftly in retaliation.While the Shanghai Stock Exchange was cryptic at the time about the reason for pulling the IPO, saying that Ant's listing had "major issues," the government's response since indicates that its decision was about exercising authority and control."China's central planners' primary concern is that the party remains in control of all aspects the economy and business sector," said Alex Capri, a research fellow at Hinrich Foundation and a visiting senior fellow at National University of Singapore. "The rapid growth of Chinese tech giants clearly diminishes the influence of state-owned banks and [other] financial institutions, and that diminishes the power of the Communist Party."China's tricky balancing actBeijing's calculated crackdown on tech is rooted in economic concern just as much as exercising control.Authorities have long been incredibly wary about whether the influence that tech firms have over the financial sector makes that industry vulnerable to structural risks. If any of the major players failed for some reason, that could wreak havoc on China's economy."The idea is to have these firms more firmly under Beijing's control so that they can better serve the state when it comes to building the next generation of [the Internet of Things] or financial infrastructure or rolling out the digital [yuan]," Capri said. "All of these actions promote and project Beijing's power."But it's also a tricky balancing act. While Chinese President Xi Jinping has long favored state-owned firms over private ones like Alibaba and Ant, analysts point out that those state companies are not nearly as adept at driving productivity and innovation as their publicly owned counterparts."There are legitimate concerns about financial risks and anti-competitive behavior that justify greater oversight of the tech giants," wrote Julian Evans-Pritchard, senior China economist at Capital Economics, in a research note last week. "But we think a desire to reassert control means that regulators are now swinging too far in the other direction. This threatens to undermine the recent prop to economic growth from rapid productivity gains in the tech sector."That means Beijing will likely remain careful "not to kill the goose that lays the golden eggs,"said Martin Chorzempa, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, who researches financial tech innovation in China."There is widespread recognition of the importance of the super apps for China's innovation ecosystem, hopes for international influence and status, and its economy," he added.Fuller of the City University of Hong Kong agreed. If China wants to compete with the West, he said, the country "has to pursue industrial and technology policies in a more efficient manner."There is "a trade-off between promoting state ownership and innovation," he added.                      Analysis by Laura He, CNN Business         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: February 22, 2021End of Document

Bolsonaro announces deal with China to receive inputs to make vaccinesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 25, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 270 wordsBody Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro announced monday on his social media that China agreed to export the inputs needed for the manufacture of Covid-19 vaccines (the disease caused by the new coronavirus) in Brazil."The Chinese embassy informed us, in the morning, that the export of the 5???. 400 liters of inputs for the "Coronavac" vaccine (the one developed by chinese laboratory Sinovac) was approved and they are already in airport area for rapid shipment to Brazil, coming in the next few days," he said in a post on the Social Network Facebook.According to Bolsonaro, the procedures for exporting inputs for the manufacture of the AstraZeneca vaccine are also being "accelerated".Shortly before, the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation in Rio de Janeiro (which will manufacture the vaccine in Brazil) reported that these inputs, sufficient to manufacture 7.5 million doses, could reach Brazil on February 8.The Brazilian leader appreciated the "sensitivity" of the Chinese government and the work of the ministers of health, Eduardo Pazuello; Foreign Affairs, Ernesto Araújo; Tereza Cristina da Costa.China's ambassador to Brazil, Yang Wanming, responded to Bolsonaro's comment on Twitter by saying that China is with Brazil in the fight against the pandemic and will continue to assist the country within its capabilities."Union and solidarity are the right ways to overcome the pandemic," he added.Over the past few months, Bolsonaro ironized the effectiveness of "Coronavac" for its Chinese origin and it was feared that the strained relationship with the Asian giant would hinder the arrival of vaccine inputs.Source: SputnikLoad-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

Sen. Rubio to Twitter: Explain Content Moderation ProcessTargeted News ServiceJanuary 20, 2021 Wednesday 8:10 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 599 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodySen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, issued the following news release:U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) sent a letter to Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey after the company responded to Rubio's December 1, 2020 letter, which sought an explanation for the company's failure to remove or label a falsified image posted by a Chinese Communist Party bureaucrat, with a series of non-answers."In light of Twitter's response letter, it is not unreasonable to conclude that either the company has no formal process for reviewing tweets or that it wishes to hide the details of its review process from policymakers and the public,'" Rubio wrote. "However, what may be even more disturbing is Twitter's refusal or inability to answer basic questions about its moderation procedures and the effects that the company's global ambitions have on its moderation decisions."* * *January 19, 2021To: Jack Dorsey, Chief Executive Officer, Twitter, 355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103Dear Mr. Dorsey:On December 1, 2020, I wrote to you requesting information related to Twitter's review and response to a tweet by Zhao Lijian, the deputy director-general of China's Information Department. Since that time, Twitter has communicated a series of non-answers to me, including in a December 23 letter from Twitter's head of U.S. public policy. It has also engaged in a sweeping crackdown of U.S.-based users.In a recent Twitter thread, you acknowledged the inherent danger of the type of control your company has "over a part of the global public conversation." I agree, and that danger is amplified when your company engages in inconsistent content moderation and attempts to avoid congressional oversight. In light of Twitter's response letter, it is not unreasonable to conclude that either the company has no formal process for reviewing tweets or that it wishes to hide the details of its review process from policymakers and the public.It is deeply troubling that Twitter found that the post in question did not violate its terms of service and that it merited nothing more than an interstitial merely denoting it as "potentially sensitive content." However, what may be even more disturbing is Twitter's refusal or inability to answer basic questions about its moderation procedures and the effects that the company's global ambitions have on its moderation decisions.I would appreciate a response to the following, along with supporting documentation, by Tuesday, February 2:1. Please provide documentation clearly detailing the steps for Twitter's process of evaluating user-generated content, from the circumstances that give rise to a review to how the company determines whether to remove, flag, or intentionally limit specific content's reach.* Please also provide the names of departments responsible for these decisions and the country or countries in which such departments are located.2. In my previous letter, I inquired whether Twitter plans to operate in China in the future, and if the company has had any conversations with relevant officials or entities in China. This question was not answered in your company's December 23 response letter.* The absence of any reply to this question strongly implies that Chinese market access is a motivating factor in how Twitter handles content generated by Chinese Government and Chinese Communist Party officials.Thank you in advance for providing clear, detailed, and well-documented replies to my inquiries, which will be taken into account as Congress revisits Big Tech's unique legal immunities.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7356770 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: January 20, 2021End of Document

Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreakCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 25, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 839 wordsBodyMEXICO CITYTwo new films about Wuhan were released on Friday, on the eve of the 76-day closing anniversary in this central Chinese city where the coronavirus was first detected. How they were released and who their audience is totally contrasts.The first, a government-backed film praising sacrifices in Wuhan, will be presented throughout China, and is intended for audiences who strongly support the Communist Party's response to the outbreak. The second, a grim documentary about the pandemic of artist and political activist Ai Weiwei, has been forced to search for viewers on the internet, showing the party's influence on the global film industry.The Chinese government has tried to control the narrative and evade blame on the origins of the pandemic.  He has created a history of triumph against the virus through television shows, social media and books, celebrating government-supported nurses, doctors and vaccine companies. Any criticism of mistakes made at first is silenced.The government-backed film 'Wu Han Ri Ye' ('Days and Nights in Wuhan') includes contributions from 30 filmmakers portraying the suffering of the city's 11 million residents, medical staff and frontline workers as they battled the virus that began spreading through the city in 2019.Ai's 'Coronation' has been rejected from festivals, cinemas and streaming services, including Amazon and Netflix, he said. The artist attributes censorship to fears of offending the party, which controls which films can be presented in Chinese and which Chinese films can be presented abroad.'I don't care about film festivals,' Ai said at a virtual press conference On Friday offered by the Japan Foreign Correspondents Club. ''But they are a platform, they should present substantial films. That's your duty. If this duty is not fulfilled then I feel ashamed for them.''The closure in Wuhan, imposed on 23 January 2020, eventually spread to the surrounding areas in Hubei Province, confining 56 million people to their homes.Director Cao Jinling's 'Days and Nights in Wuhan'' previously premiered in Wuhan and had a national premiere on Friday.  The film echoes china's official line that the measures it took, including closure, gave valuable time for them to prepare for the pandemic. Critics point out that the communist party's usual secrecy and weak control measures allowed the virus to spread initially.It's unclear if there are plans to present the film abroad.We wanted to record the journey of fighting the COVID-19 epidemic through a film. Some of the details, including intensive care and anxious waiting, heartbreaking farewells and hopeful rebirths, could move viewers,'' Cao said as quoted by state CCTV.In the progress of the film there are medical personnel who repeatedly express their determination to defeat the outbreak.I have a huge love for my hometown and I will do whatever it takes to save it,'" says an ambulance driver.Ai's film addresses the same story from the perspective of Wuhan construction workers, couriers, doctors and residents. Like the other film, it is a collage, but it uses images sometimes subreptitiously shot by amateur friends, colleagues and videographers, some of whom remain anonymous to avoid repercussions from the authorities.His filmit provides a rare picture of the pain suffered by COVID-19 patients in China, with images of people who cannot breathe while doctors in protective suits try to save them.Hospitals and morgues were overwhelmed at the height of the crisis and Wuhan has most of the 4,635 deaths from the disease recorded in China.On Friday morning, after a performance with few attendees of 'Days and Nights in Wuhan', Wang Yu said the film had revived memories of the trauma over the closure and fears of what might come.It's hard to describe it, it's been a year since then, and remembering now is still painful,'' Wang said, 31. Relatives of her husband who died in the outbreak appear in the film, she said.There's the virus mutated, there's fear. There's a second celebration of the Chinese Lunar New Year that we're going to have to go through like this,'' he said.Things are a little better than last year, but I'm afraid, it's not completely over. So we're still under the effect of the virus, fear and terror.''It has been mainly free of the virus since the end of its closure, although smaller outbreaks have occurred that have unseated new containment measures in many other Chinese cities.The Chinese government has tried to question the hypothesis that Wuhan is the origin of the pandemic, driving very little-accepted theories such as that the virus came from outside the country, possibly brought by American soldiers.In the city there is now a team of world health organization specialists who were sent to investigate the origin of the virus.A panel of experts commissioned by WHO criticized China and other countries this week for not acting quickly to control the initial outbreak, leading Beijing to agree that it could act better, but also to defend its response.     MJPR***Load-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

Decadent HumanityCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 14, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 689 wordsBody(FIRST PART)The decline of society, transmuted into new models of society The sharpening of contradictions in the development of societies and specifically in the social models of production, as we appreciate in the quaternary age of the Neolithic, when primitive man domesticated the protein and transformed brain myelin, achieving greater brain development by increasing his intelligence.He transforms from nomad, becomes sedentary and instead of hunter cares for and corneres the herd, designs the wheel and discovers the fire, manages to advance thousands of years in the construction of societies more advanced.These advances in the different models of society have never been the same, as we can see in primitive society and in the models of Asian, slave, feudal, capitalist, neoliberalism and the technological globalized cyber structure.It should not be forgotten that the fall of a social model, in order to move on to the next, has always reflected the cracking of the decadent values of that society, which forces the birth of new structures in which humanity must articulate itself harmoniously and balancedly to settle into the new model.The Roman Empire is wiped out by its vulgarity and the loss of its aesthetic values, leading them to a decline that causes the fall of their government.In the 21st century humanity needs to meet its interior. I remember that in December 2019, I was writing and reflecting on the beginning of a new decade, with the 2020 pairs, sounding and looking good, we were presented with an encouraging future and above all a high percentage of citizens in the world, we were filled with inspired hope, regardless of the antagonisms of Donald Trump's new government with the Chinese government of Xi Jinping , from England coming out of theEuropean Economic Community, of populist governments such as Venezuela and Cuba, being veted by the capitalist scheme and the "Democratic Factor", of niches of globalized electronic markets. The end of ideologies occurred, orb countries see nationality but markets where they prevail between supply and demand promoted in the comfort of a new digital age, Amazon as global e-commerce and, strongly contested by Alibaba and JD, Chinese-based companies, controlling 81.9% of the market.Power over the electronic market is one of the predominant premises at the beginning of the 21st century, in the face of a threatened humanity that disloyals itself in competition and in the vulgarity of the exercise of power, intentions that have led civilizations to decline, Albert Einstein stated "Madness is to do the same thing over and over again hoping to obtain different results".At the new dawn, we counted the seconds, minutes hours and days anxiously waiting for the 2020s, it was drawn and longed for, we forged a hope, but what kind of society we had built to receive this decade, we did the same looking and we wanted to have different results, we lost ethics, we lied and we moved away from the truth, it fills us with joy the vulgar and easy , governments and society are sided with the abyss of decline. Individualism method egocentrista, Aristotle and zoon politikon, that is, the political animal, man as a social being who articulates himself to achieve his goals. Tomas Hobbes "The nature of man is the sum of his faculties and natural powers" man in his individualism where dictatorships and monopolies are created.We do not get involved in the problems of the collective and go and vote in the face of the deceptive and lying alienation of a candidate, we deny the aesthetics that beauty, nature, love and happiness give us.With these elements ofthe human limitation we reached the 21st century, by 2020, what we have built is so engable, when China in Wuhan reported to the World Health Organization (WHO) that December 31, 2019, precisely San Silvestre Day, the day of the announced and famous race in Sao Paulo Brazil in 1925, was described "as a mysterious new strain of unknown pneumonia" , did not even have a name for the invisible bacterium that was finally dubned Covid-19, and yet it has upset humanity like never before in its history.Load-Date: January 15, 2021End of Document

Johnson calls traditional Chinese medicine "insmente"CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 11, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 258 wordsBody(Bloomberg) -- UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson put himself at risk of a disenthroes with the Chinese government, after he attacked that country's traditional medicine in an unt subtle way and claimed that he was responsible for the origin of the coronavirus pandemic.On Monday, at a leaders' meeting focused on protecting natural resources, Johnson called the custom of using endangered pangolin scales "inso mind" to help virility. "The coronavirus pandemic was the product of an imbalance in man's relationship with the natural world," Johnson said. "It originated in bats or pangolins, and in the insmented belief that if you grind the scales of a pangolin you will somehow become more powerful, or whatever people believe," he said.This week, a team of Scientists from the World Health Organization (WHO) will be arriving in China to investigate the origins of the virus that has resulted in the deaths of nearly two million people since its appearance in the Chinese city of Wuhan.Some theories suggest that pangolin may have played a key role in the transmission of animals to humans as related viruses have been found in these endangered mammals and are trafficked for use in traditional Chinese medicine.In May, China will host a new round of United Nations biodiversity talks in Kunming. Johnson urged Beijing to use the meeting to "give real meaning" to a set of strategic biodiversity objectives that were supposed to be implemented by 2020.Original Note:U.K. Risks China Spat With Johnson Attack on 'Demented' Medicine©2021 Bloomberg L.P.Load-Date: January 12, 2021End of Document

STATEMENT FROM NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR ROBERT C. O'BRIEN ON THE EXECUTIVE ORDER ADDRESSING CHINESE SOFTWARE APPLICATIONSUS Fed NewsJanuary 5, 2021 Tuesday 11:42 PM  ESTCopyright 2021 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 195 wordsBodyWASHINGTON, Jan. 5 -- The White House released the following press release/statements:Today, President Donald J. Trump signed an executive order addressing the continuing threat posed by Chinese software applications. The Chinese government requires that all commercial companies, big and small, support the Chinese Communist Party's political objectives as Chinese regulators have recently demonstrated.China's Military-Civil Fusion strategy explicitly aims to co-opt or coerce civilian enterprises into assisting the People's Liberation Army. This executive order tasks the Secretary of Commerce to identify prohibited transactions involving eight Chinese software applications, including payment services; directs the Secretary of Commerce to identify and take appropriate action against other software applications; and develops a program to control the export of exploitable United States user data to foreign adversaries.President Trump continues to prioritize the safety and security of the United States homeland and the American people. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: January 7, 2021End of Document

STATEMENT FROM NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR ROBERT C. O'BRIEN ON THE EXECUTIVE ORDER ADDRESSING CHINESE SOFTWARE APPLICATIONSStates News ServiceJanuary 5, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 169 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the White House:Today, President Donald J. Trump signed an executive order addressing the continuing threat posed by Chinese software applications. The Chinese government requires that all commercial companies, big and small, support the Chinese Communist Party's political objectives as Chinese regulators have recently demonstrated.China's Military-Civil Fusion strategy explicitly aims to co-opt or coerce civilian enterprises into assisting the People's Liberation Army. This executive order tasks the Secretary of Commerce to identify prohibited transactions involving eight Chinese software applications, including payment services; directs the Secretary of Commerce to identify and take appropriate action against other software applications; and develops a program to control the export of exploitable United States user data to foreign adversaries.President Trump continues to prioritize the safety and security of the United States homeland and the American people.Load-Date: January 5, 2021End of Document

US trade representative recommends Biden not withdraw tariffs on ChinaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 11, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 290 wordsBodyU.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer urged President-elect Joe Biden's Administration to keep the tariffs currently on Chinese products arriving in the country unchanged.In an interview with the Wall Street Journal published Monday, this official who will be replaced by Katherine Tai, a trade lawyer, said Donald Trump's administration "has changed the way people think about China" and insisted that U.S. trade policy on the Asian giant should regard Beijing as "an economic adversary."Lighthizer has been in charge of leading Trump's tariff war against China, which is currently taxing even more than half of Chinese goods imported into the US despite Phase 1 of the trade agreement reached in January last year. The Republican government is taking advantage of the last days in office to put pressure on the Asian country. US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced Saturday that Washington ended decades-long restrictions on official contact with Taiwan, a decision that caused deep unrest in China. The national media, such as the Xinhua news agency, considered that this measure seeks to maliciously violate diplomatic agreements between Beijing and Washington, "encouraging unwarranted confrontations."U.S. National Security adviser Robert O'Brien said Sunday that the Trump administration was considering additional measures against China in relation to the pandemic and Hong Kong."It is essential that nations around the world demand responsibility from Beijing. The world cannot continue to pay a high price for its naivety and complicity in the irresponsible and harmful practices of the Chinese government," he said in statements distributed by the White House.commentsforum0WhatsApp  Facebook  Twitter  Linkedin       Load-Date: January 12, 2021End of Document

Air Purifier Sales Show Slow Growth in China Despite PandemicGlobeNewswireMarch 3, 2021 Wednesday 12:30 PM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT; RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 596 wordsBodySAN ANTONIO, March  03, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Chinese air treatment systems market was valued at over $3.5 billion dollars in 2020. The market is expected to witness a growth rate of over 5.0 percent over the next seven years, according to a new report by Verify Markets.The COVID-19 pandemic did not create a spike in sales for air treatment systems like it did in several Asian markets and the United States. Consumers in China typically relate hazy weather and PM2.5 as the main pollutants for air purification, not COVID-19. Additionally, the government advised the Chinese people to keep their windows open in order to control the spread of the virus.Innovation and timely solutions to address pressing concerns during the COVID-19 pandemic are key factors that help drive air purifier sales. Several companies, for instance Xiaomi, Sharp, and Panasonic, have introduced air treatment systems with sterilizing and disinfecting claims since the COVID-19 pandemic hit the nation. In 2020, many companies shifted their focus to claims related to formaldehyde removal, sterilization, and disinfection. Most companies typically offer promotional discounts throughout the year for e-commerce purchases and at retail outlets.Key market drivers include poor air quality, a rise in pollution related illnesses, increasing consumer awareness on indoor air quality, and increasing health and quality-conscious consumers in China. Key challenges in this market include a competitive market and government policies and initiatives to reduce the amount of air pollution.Many companies in the Chinese air treatment systems market are diversifying their product portfolio by adding new products at multiple price points. In this sense, companies are increasingly expanding their reach to offer a little of everything for everyone.Xiaomi Corporation and Dyson Ltd. are gaining traction in the market. The success of Xiaomi and Dyson are attributed to diverse products and strategic partnerships with e-commerce giants. "Companies in China are promoting smart and innovative air treatment systems to cater to the demands of an increasing number of tech savvy customers. IoT is being rapidly adopted in home appliances and consumer durable products, including air treatment systems," notes Shilpa Tiku, Chief Research Officer at Verify Markets.Products priced over $700.00 were extremely popular in 2020. Sales from the e-commerce channel were the most popular, and products that covered 351-450 square feet made up the majority of sales by revenue in 2020.The report provides an in-depth analysis of the overall air treatment systems market in China. The report also captures market information on market dynamics like growth drivers, restraints, market revenues and forecasts, technology trends, pricing trends, distribution trends, market share by coverage area, sales by application, and the competitive landscape. The base year for the study is 2020 and the forecasts are until 2027. Some of the key companies in this market include Koninklijke Philips N.V., Xiaomi Corporation, Panasonic Corporation, Dyson Ltd., Sharp Corporation, Beijing YADU Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd, Blueair AB, A. O. Smith Corporation, and others.Verify Markets' research methodology consists of extensive primary interviews with key participants in the industry along with analysis of secondary resources to validate information. For more information on this report and other research (including custom reports and consulting), contact info@verifymarkets.com or call +1 210.595.9687.Load-Date: March 3, 2021End of Document

RUBIO TO TWITTER: EXPLAIN CONTENT MODERATION PROCESSStates News ServiceJanuary 19, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 577 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Florida Senator Marco Rubio:U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) sent a letter to Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey after the company responded to Rubio's December 1, 2020 letter, which sought an explanation for the company's failure to remove or label a falsified image posted by a Chinese Communist Party bureaucrat, with a series of non-answers."In light of Twitter's response letter, it is not unreasonable to conclude that either the company has no formal process for reviewing tweets or that it wishes to hide the details of its review process from policymakers and the public,'" Rubio wrote. "However, what may be even more disturbing is Twitter's refusal or inability to answer basic questions about its moderation procedures and the effects that the company's global ambitions have on its moderation decisions."The full text of the letter is below.Dear Mr. Dorsey:On December 1, 2020, I wrote to you requesting information related to Twitter's review and response to a tweet by Zhao Lijian, the deputy director-general of China's Information Department. Since that time, Twitter has communicated a series of non-answers to me, including in a December 23 letter from Twitter's head of U.S. public policy. It has also engaged in a sweeping crackdown of U.S.-based users.In a recent Twitter thread, you acknowledged the inherent danger of the type of control your company has "over a part of the global public conversation." I agree, and that danger is amplified when your company engages in inconsistent content moderation and attempts to avoid congressional oversight. In light of Twitter's response letter, it is not unreasonable to conclude that either the company has no formal process for reviewing tweets or that it wishes to hide the details of its review process from policymakers and the public.It is deeply troubling that Twitter found that the post in question did not violate its terms of service and that it merited nothing more than an interstitial merely denoting it as "potentially sensitive content." However, what may be even more disturbing is Twitter's refusal or inability to answer basic questions about its moderation procedures and the effects that the company's global ambitions have on its moderation decisions.I would appreciate a response to the following, along with supporting documentation, by Tuesday, February 2:1. Please provide documentation clearly detailing the steps for Twitter's process of evaluating user-generated content, from the circumstances that give rise to a review to how the company determines whether to remove, flag, or intentionally limit specific content's reach.Please also provide the names of departments responsible for these decisions and the country or countries in which such departments are located.2. In my previous letter, I inquired whether Twitter plans to operate in China in the future, and if the company has had any conversations with relevant officials or entities in China. This question was not answered in your company's December 23 response letter.The absence of any reply to this question strongly implies that Chinese market access is a motivating factor in how Twitter handles content generated by Chinese Government and Chinese Communist Party officials.Thank you in advance for providing clear, detailed, and well-documented replies to my inquiries, which will be taken into account as Congress revisits Big Tech's unique legal immunities.Sincerely,Load-Date: January 19, 2021End of Document

Finland identifies hackers who spied on ParliamentCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 18, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 269 wordsBodyHELSINKI (AP) - Finland on Thursday accused a Chinese government-linked hacker group of being involved in a case of digital espionage to finnish Parliament's information systems.The Finland Intelligence and Security Service (SUPO) claimed that the culprit is apparently the hacker group said Thursday that the APT31 hacker group usually.The agency said that "we have identified a cyberespionage operation directed in 2020 against Parliament with the aim of meddling in its technology systems."APT31 was responsible for the attack, adding the report, which does not mention China by name or the group's alleged ties to Beijing.Finland's National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) said in late December that it had launched an investigation into possible serious hacking and espionage into the information systems of Eduskunta, the Finnish legislature. Among other things, some lawmakers' email accounts were compromised.Since then, Parliament has improved its technological security.Tero Muurman, in charge of the NBI investigation, said Thursday that his agency is delving into SUPO's indictment of APT31's involvement. It indicated that the intrusion was likely aimed at "acquiring information for the benefit of another nation or harming Finland."FireEye, one of the world's leading cybersecurity companies, and other data security firms have linked APT31 to the Chinese government or to operations conducted under its orders.APT is short for "advanced persistent threat", a general term for describing an attack where an intruder establishes an unlawful and prolonged presence on a network to acquire sensitive data.Load-Date: March 19, 2021End of Document

Market Chatter: Ant Group Said to Yield to Chinese Pressure to Become Financial Holding CompanyMT Newswires Live BriefsJanuary 27, 2021 Wednesday 9:51 AM ESTCopyright 2021 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 176 wordsBody Ant Group has reportedly decided to yield to Chinese government pressure to turn itself into a financial holding company overseen by China's central bank, according to a report in The Wall Street Journal.Chinese regulators recently told Ant, which is controlled by billionaire Jack Ma and 33% owned by e-commerce giant Alibaba (BABA), to designate itself as a financial holding company, which would subject it to stricter capital requirements. In response to the request, Ant has reportedly submitted an outline of a restructuring plan to Chinese officials.The decision reverses recent moves by Ant to make itself into a technology company with a financial subsidiary, rather than a financial holding company. In June, the company rebranded itself by shedding the word "financial" from its name.(Market Chatter news is derived from conversations with market professionals globally. This information is believed to be from reliable sources but may include rumor and speculation. Accuracy is not guaranteed.)Price: 262.89, Change: -3.03, Percent Change: -1.14Load-Date: January 27, 2021End of Document

Takeaways: AP investigation of China COVID-19 disinformationAssociated Press InternationalFebruary 15, 2021 Monday 5:06 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; INTERNATIONAL NEWS; POLITICAL NEWSLength: 413 wordsByline: ERIKA KINETZ, Associated PressDateline: BRUSSELS BodyBRUSSELS (AP) — As the coronavirus spread last year, former President Donald Trump and leading U.S. conservatives floated the idea that the virus may have escaped from a Chinese lab or was created by China as a bioweapon. China pushed back. A nine-month AP investigation, conducted in collaboration with the Atlantic Council’s Digital Forensic Research Lab, found China launched what may be its first global digital disinformation campaign, using its growing presence on Western social media to seed and spread stories suggesting the U.S. created COVID-19 as a bioweapon.Here are 6 key takeaways from AP’s investigation:1. Since 2016, Russia has been widely seen as the leading foreign actor spreading disinformation. With COVID-19, China took the lead, continuing to spread conspiracies about the origins of the virus long after Moscow stopped.2. China has landed with a bang on Western social media. The number of Chinese diplomatic accounts on Twitter has more than tripled since mid-2019, while on Facebook they’ve more than doubled. Both platforms are banned in China. With COVID-19, these accounts helped set and amplify messaging across platforms, languages and geographies.3. A series of 11 tweets by Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian in March, which broadcast speculation that the U.S. Army engineered COVID-19, was cited over 99,000 times, in at least 54 languages, by accounts with hundreds of millions of followers. Then Chinese state media picked up and syndicated his ideas.4. China leaned on Russian disinformation strategy and infrastructure. Conspiracies were seeded and spread through established Kremlin proxies in the West. China, Russia and Iran also reinforced each other's messaging, cross-referencing reports and sources, deepening their echo chamber of authenticity.5. During the first half of 2020, there were millions of coronavirus-related interactions on Twitter with 829 accounts linked to the Chinese, Russian and Iranian governments. Chinese state media and Foreign Ministry accounts were among the most retweeted.6. China’s foreign ministry says it resolutely rejects disinformation, but will defend itself against the aggression of hostile forces seeking to politicize the epidemic. “All parties should firmly say ‘no’ to the dissemination of disinformation,” the ministry said in a statement to AP, but added, “In the face of trumped-up charges, it is justified and proper to bust lies and clarify rumors by setting out the facts.”Load-Date: February 15, 2021End of Document

Takeaways: AP investigation of China COVID-19 disinformationAssociated Press Financial WireFebruary 15, 2021 Monday 5:06 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; INTERNATIONAL NEWS; POLITICAL NEWSLength: 413 wordsByline: ERIKA KINETZ, Associated PressDateline: BRUSSELS BodyBRUSSELS (AP) — As the coronavirus spread last year, former President Donald Trump and leading U.S. conservatives floated the idea that the virus may have escaped from a Chinese lab or was created by China as a bioweapon. China pushed back. A nine-month AP investigation, conducted in collaboration with the Atlantic Council’s Digital Forensic Research Lab, found China launched what may be its first global digital disinformation campaign, using its growing presence on Western social media to seed and spread stories suggesting the U.S. created COVID-19 as a bioweapon.Here are 6 key takeaways from AP’s investigation:1. Since 2016, Russia has been widely seen as the leading foreign actor spreading disinformation. With COVID-19, China took the lead, continuing to spread conspiracies about the origins of the virus long after Moscow stopped.2. China has landed with a bang on Western social media. The number of Chinese diplomatic accounts on Twitter has more than tripled since mid-2019, while on Facebook they’ve more than doubled. Both platforms are banned in China. With COVID-19, these accounts helped set and amplify messaging across platforms, languages and geographies.3. A series of 11 tweets by Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian in March, which broadcast speculation that the U.S. Army engineered COVID-19, was cited over 99,000 times, in at least 54 languages, by accounts with hundreds of millions of followers. Then Chinese state media picked up and syndicated his ideas.4. China leaned on Russian disinformation strategy and infrastructure. Conspiracies were seeded and spread through established Kremlin proxies in the West. China, Russia and Iran also reinforced each other's messaging, cross-referencing reports and sources, deepening their echo chamber of authenticity.5. During the first half of 2020, there were millions of coronavirus-related interactions on Twitter with 829 accounts linked to the Chinese, Russian and Iranian governments. Chinese state media and Foreign Ministry accounts were among the most retweeted.6. China’s foreign ministry says it resolutely rejects disinformation, but will defend itself against the aggression of hostile forces seeking to politicize the epidemic. “All parties should firmly say ‘no’ to the dissemination of disinformation,” the ministry said in a statement to AP, but added, “In the face of trumped-up charges, it is justified and proper to bust lies and clarify rumors by setting out the facts.”Load-Date: February 15, 2021End of Document

City Surveillance Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2020 - 2025); The global city surveillance market is expected to register a CAGR of 5% over the forecast period, 2021 - 2026. Growing concerns regarding public safety and security are fueling the adoption of IP cameras and video management systems across the world.GlobeNewswireFebruary 2, 2021 Tuesday 3:07 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MARKET RESEARCH REPORTSLength: 1206 wordsBodyNew York, Feb.  02, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report "City Surveillance Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2020 - 2025)" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p06020228/?utm_source=GNW  Increased investment in smart city projects and reduced IP camera prices, coupled with technological advancements in analytics and software are rising the demand for wireless and spy cameras to keep the citizen safe, They are the main factors driving the growth of the city surveillance industry.- China reportedly has about 200 million CCTV cameras to closely follow and control its civil population. By 2021, the country is projected to have 560 million cameras, one camera for every two people based on its current population, and it has the largest share of surveillance devices installed, globally.- Chongqing has the highest rate of security video cameras, with about 168 cameras for every 1,000 people. Shanghai has the maximum number of cameras, with more than 2.9 million, but due to high population it had only 113 cameras per 1,000 people. The Chinese government is using cameras with facial recognition to profile and track people who were rounded up and detained in indoctrination camps.- The United States has installed 50 million CCTV cameras all around the country, which are primarily for the purpose of retail and commercial usage. Atlanta has the highest number of security devices in the United States with 7,800 cameras, 16 cameras per 1,000 people. As per the HIS markit report, only 3% of security cameras installed in the United States are used for city-wide surveillance.- San Francisco is the first US city that has voted to ban the use of facial-recognition software-enabled cameras by government agencies, such as the city's transport authority, or law enforcement. It reflects that citizens worried that the capability could be misused for mass surveillance and possibly lead to more false arrests.Key Market TrendsIP Cameras are Expected to Hold the Largest Market Share in the Forecast PeriodSeveral government administrations are incorporating surveillance solutions for the safety of the streets. As per the data provided by IHS Markit, one billion surveillance cameras may be deployed globally by 2021.- Many countries are planning to increase the number of IP cameras to curb the increasing crime rates, thefts, and burglaries. For instance, in October 2018, the Indian government had declared to add 5,000 cameras to the existing network in Mumbai to widen CCTV network coverage. The state government reported that the integration of security cameras played a major role in curbing the crime rate in the city.- ANPR/LPR cameras (automatic number-plate recognition) are used to obtain copious information in a high-traffic area to keep premises secure. They are mostly used in the car parking areas or on roads to read and store data of vehicle-registration plates.- In various countries and states, laws vary regarding the collection and retention of license plate information. For instance, 16 US states have limits on duration the data can be retained to which New Hampshire have a limit of three minutes (smallest) and Colorado for three years (highest).- In 2018, the Supreme Court of Virginia issued that data collected from ALPRs can constitute personal information. Contrarily, on 2019, a Fairfax County judge issued an injunction prohibiting the Fairfax County Police Department from collecting and storing ALPR data outside of an investigation or intelligence gathering related to a criminal investigation.China is Expected to Showcase Significant Market GrowthChina has the maximum number of surveillance devices planted across the country and is used by the government to supervise the lives of Chinese citizens (Mass surveillance). It is closely linked to the Social Credit System and has significantly expanded under the China Internet Security Law that aims to build a high-trust society where individuals and organizations follow the law.- As the number of facial recognition cameras can grow from 176 million in 2017 to up to 626 million in 2020, the Chinese government has regulated and ensured the security of sensitive data by the Personal Information Security Specifications.- The government is promoting the development of artificial intelligence (AI) enabled camera to prevent the spread of COVID-19 with the help of leading Chinese technological companies such as Hikivison, Dahua, iFlyTek, SenseTime, and Jiadu. Cameras are equipped with AI-enabled body temperature detection technology to prevent infected people from traveling.- Moreover, the government is promoting mobile application named "Health Code" that assigns a QR code along with the color ranking, green (the user is free to travel), yellow or red (the user must be quarantined). Application have become an integral part of Chinese authorities to manage the persons movements in and out of affected areas. It is using city surveillance system to detect the user's past and present location and its surrounding to check wheather they were near infected person.- According to the survey conducted by the Nandu Personal Information Protection Research Center in Beijing, more than 80 percent of people doubted the security capabilities of network operators storing sensitive personal information and has raised the concern about the surveillance devices.Competitive Landscape- The competitive rivalry in the global city surveillance market is high due to the presence of many key players constantly upgrading themselves, in order to gain a competitive advantage over other players. The global city surveillance market is currently dominated by major players, like Dahua Technology, Bosch Security & Safety Systems, Hikvision, Hanwha Techwin, Honeywell Security Group, and Panasonic Corporation, among others.- March 2020 - Hikvision launched touch-free MinMoe face recognition terminals for easier access control and time attendance. These are powered by a deep learning algorithm, which increases the accuracy of face recognition to over 99% and enhances verification speeds to under 0.2 seconds and performs well in low- and even zero-light environments.- January 2020 - Bosch launched the IP 3000i portfolio, which is available in micro dome, mini-dome, bullet, and turret options for outdoor use. This new camera range offers complete flexibility for everyday surveillance in standalone. All Bosch IP 3000i outdoor camera models are rated IK10 for high impact resistance and can withstand challenging weather conditions because of their IP66 rating. The cameras offer built-in video analytics as standard and are built for high-quality performance and designed for easy installation.Reasons to Purchase this report:- The market estimate (ME) sheet in Excel format- 3 months of analyst supportRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p06020228/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001Load-Date: February 2, 2021End of Document

Ant Group reaches agreement with Chinese authorities and IPO may come out in 2 yearsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 4, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 167 wordsBodyAnt Group, fintech of the Alibaba Group, has reached an agreement with chinese government regulators, which should ease the problems of its founder, Jack Ma, with China's monetary authorities and help resume the initial stock offering. The company intends to separate its operations from consumer credit data.The removal of data from more than 1 billion people is an important point in the reformulation of the company's business. This measure would be a response to the regulatory crackdown that led to the suspension of its initial ipo, estimated at $37 billion.In addition, the plan provides for the conversion of Ant into a more regulated financial holding company. With these two measures, the company could return with its IPO in two years.After attacking the Chinese regulatory system in October last year, Jack Ma began to suffer from regulatory repression in a business empire. Against this backdrop, Ant ended up suspending its IPO a few days before its market debut in Hong Kong and Shanghai.Load-Date: February 5, 2021End of Document

Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreakCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 22, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 831 wordsBodyWUHAN— Two new films about Wuhan were released on Friday, on the eve of the 76-day closing anniversary in this central Chinese city where the coronavirus was first detected. How they were released and who their audience is totally contrasts.The first, a government-backed film praising sacrifices in Wuhan, will be presented throughout China, and is intended for audiences who strongly support the Communist Party's response to the outbreak. The second, a grim documentary about the pandemic of artist and political activist Ai Weiwei, has been forced to search for viewers on the internet, showing the party's influence on the global film industry.The Chinese government has tried to control the narrative and evade blame on the origins of the pandemic. He has created a history of triumph against the virus through television shows, social media and books, celebrating government-supported nurses, doctors and vaccine companies. Any criticism of mistakes made at first is silenced.The government-backed film "Wu Han Ri Ye" ("Days and Nights in Wuhan") includes contributions from 30 filmmakers portraying the suffering of the city's 11 million residents, medical staff and frontline workers as they battled the virus that began spreading through the city in 2019.Ai's "Coronation" has been rejected from festivals, cinemas and streaming services, including Amazon and Netflix, he said. The artist attributes censorship to fears of offending the party, which controls which films can be presented in Chinese and which Chinese films can be presented abroad."I don't care about film festivals," Ai said at a virtual press conference Friday offered by the Japan Foreign Correspondents Club. "But they are a platform, they should present substantial films. That's your duty. If this duty is not fulfilled then I feel ashamed for them."The closure in Wuhan, imposed on 23 January 2020, eventually spread to the surrounding areas in Hubei Province, confining 56 million people to their homes."Days and Nights in Wuhan" by director Cao Jinling, premiered previously in Wuhan and had a national premiere on Friday. The film echoes china's official line that the measures it took, including closure, gave valuable time for them to prepare for the pandemic. Critics point out that the communist party's usual secrecy and weak control measures allowed the virus to spread initially.It's unclear if there are plans to present the film abroad."We wanted to record the journey of fighting the COVID-19 epidemic through a film. Some of the details, including intensive care and anxious waiting, heartbreaking farewells and hopeful rebirths, could touch viewers," Cao said on state CCTV.In the progress of the film there are medical personnel who repeatedly express their determination to defeat the outbreak. "I have a huge love for my hometown and I will do whatever it takes to save it," says an ambulance driver.Ai's film addresses the same story from the perspective of Wuhan construction workers, couriers, doctors and residents. Like the other film, it is a collage, but it uses images sometimes subreptitiously shot by amateur friends, colleagues and videographers, some of whom remain anonymous to avoid repercussions from the authorities.His film provides a rare picture of the pain covid-19 patients in China suffered, with images of people who can't breathe while doctorsin protective suits try to save them.Hospitals and morgues were overwhelmed at the height of the crisis and Wuhan has most of the 4,635 deaths from the disease recorded in China.On Friday morning, following a performance with few attendees of "Days and Nights in Wuhan", Wang Yu said the film had revived memories of the trauma over the closure and fears of what might come."It's hard to describe, it's been a year since, and remembering now is still painful," Wang said, 31. Relatives of her husband who died in the outbreak appear in the film, she said."There's the virus mutated, there's fear. There's a second chinese Lunar New Year celebration that we're going to have to go through like this," he said. "Things are a little better than last year, but I'm afraid, it's not completely over. So we continue under the effect of the virus, fear and terror."It has been mainly free of the virus since the end of its closure, although smaller outbreaks have occurred that have unseated new containment measures in many other Chinese cities.The Chinese government has tried to question the hypothesis that Wuhan is the origin of the pandemic, driving very little-accepted theories such as that the virus came from outside the country, possibly brought by American soldiers.In the city there is now a team of world health organization specialists who were sent to investigate the origin of the virus.A panel of experts commissioned by WHO criticized China and other countries this week for not acting quickly to control the initial outbreak, leading Beijing to agree that it could act better, but also to defend its response.Load-Date: January 23, 2021End of Document

Global High Density Packaging Market (2021 to 2026) - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireMarch 29, 2021 Monday 10:59 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 694 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "High Density Packaging Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The high-density packaging market is estimated to register a cagr of 12% over the forecast period of 2021 - 2026. The growing advancement in consumer electronic products will drive the market in the forecast period.Companies Mentioned• Toshiba Corporation• IBM Corporation• Amkor Technology• Fujitsu Ltd.• Siliconware Precision Industries• Hitachi, Ltd.• Samsung Group• Micron Technology• STMicroelectronics• NXP Semiconductors N.V.• Mentor - a Siemens BusinessKey Market TrendsHigh Application in Consumer Electronics Segment to Augment the Market Growth• The electronics market constantly demands higher power dissipation, faster speeds, and higher pin counts, along with smaller footprints and lower profiles. The miniaturization and integration of high density semiconductor packaing have given rise to smaller, lighter, and more portable devices, like tablets, smartphones, and the emerging IoT devices.• According to the Semiconductor Industry Association, the global sales of the semiconductor have increased by 13.7% with USD 468 billion in 2018. The industries have reported the highest sales revenue and shipment 1 trillion units.• However, according to world semiconductor trade statistics, the demand has decreased in 2019 due to the weaker pricings of ICs, there will still be an increase in demand from 2020 due to consumer electronic products. For instance, the United States has witnessed consistent growth in smartphone sales. With this trend likely to continue, it is poised to drive the high density packaging market in the forecast period into other regions as well.Asia-Pacific to Witness the Highest Growth in High Density Packaging Market• Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at a healthy rate, being a major revenue-generating region during the forecast period, primarily owing to the growing population and the customer-side demand. Prominent high density packaging companies present in the region are fueling the demand for high density packaging in the market.• Moreover, China is the largest growing economy with a large population, and according to statistics from China's semiconductor association, the import of IC is increasing for the consecutive year from 2014.• Furthermore, the Chinese government has employed a multi-pronged strategy to support domestic IC industry development in order to achieve the goal of becoming the global leader in all primary IC industrial supply chain segments by 2030. This growth in the semiconductor IC industry in the region is anticipated to stimulate the high density packaging demand.Key Topics Covered:1 INTRODUCTION1.1 Study Deliverables1.2 Study Assumptions1.3 Scope of the Study2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Market Overview4.2 Introduction to Market Drivers and Restraints4.3 Market Drivers4.3.1 Growing Advancements in Consumer Electronic Products4.3.2 Favourable Government Policies and Regulations in Developing Countries4.4 Market Restraints4.4.1 High Initial Investment and Increasing Complexity of IC Designs4.5 Value Chain / Supply Chain Analysis4.6 Industry Attractiveness - Porter's Five Force Analysis5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 By Packaging Technique5.1.1 MCM5.1.2 MCP5.1.3 SIP5.1.4 3D - TSV5.2 By Application5.2.1 Consumer Electronics5.2.2 Aerospace & Defence5.2.3 Medical Devices5.2.4 IT & Telecom5.2.5 Automotive5.2.6 Other Applications5.3 Geography5.3.1 North America5.3.2 Europe5.3.3 Asia-Pacific5.3.4 Latin America5.3.5 Middle East and Africa6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Company Profiles6.1.1 Toshiba Corporation6.1.2 IBM Corporation6.1.3 Amkor Technology6.1.4 Fujitsu Ltd.6.1.5 Siliconware Precision Industries6.1.6 Hitachi, Ltd.6.1.7 Samsung Group6.1.8 Micron Technology6.1.9 STMicroelectronics6.1.10 NXP Semiconductors N.V.6.1.11 Mentor - a Siemens Business7 INVESTMENT ANALYSIS8 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDSFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/19k4d5View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210329005370/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: March 29, 2021End of Document

A tornado touches down in Florida and damages an airport; Jack Ma restructures Ant Group after disappearance; Former Google CEO Schmidt says China is surging to overtake the United States in critical areas; Stanly Black & Decker Rev beats estimates $4.41 billion (ACT) vs. $4.11 billion (EST); Health Care Agenda: President to lift curbs on abortion funding, reopen ACA; Climate Change: Kerry: Zero emissions in U.S. wouldn't make difference; "WALLSTREETSBETS" Effect: GameStop and other stocks drop after thread disabled; Seeking an Alternative: Two senators push for censure instead of impeachment; Grim Record: January becomes deadliest month since start of pandemic; Future Pointing: Market slide after FED decision, tech earnings; Tech Earnings in Focus: Apple, Facebook, Tesla stocks down after reporting earnings; Kerry: Workers FED "False Narrative" that climate policy kills their jobsMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 6:00 AM ESTJanuary 28, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 6880 wordsByline: Jackie Deangelis, Cheryl Casone, Liz Peek, Joe ConchaGuests: Brian Belski, Michael Lee, Jody Hice, Gordon ChangBodyJACKIE DEANGELIS, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Good morning, everybody. I'm Jackie Deangelis in for Maria Bartiromo this morning. It is Thursday, January 28th, your top stories at 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time. Well, Wall Street taken for a ride, we are looking at the tug of war over game stop, the major players, plus why online forums are being shut down. And trust in big tech, Facebook looking to reduce political content as most Americans say that social media does not make the country better. And earning season kicking into high gear, Dow component McDonald's reporting this morning along with several airlines.We're also breaking down big tech earnings from last night and investors are on edge, Futures are hovering near the flat line right now, you can see the Dow is indicated lower by 35 points, the NASDAQ down by 141, the S&P by 14 and three quarters. This after a dismal day yesterday, all three major indices finished near session lows. The Wall Street fear gauge seeing its biggest jump in almost three years. We're also seeing pressure from Beijing, Jack Ma planning a major financial revamp to its Ant Group after being forced to pull the massive IPO.And America's energy future, some are calling President Biden's executive orders on climate an assault on American energy worker. Wyoming Senator is here next hour to discuss. And Diamond Dogs, one very famous lifestyle guru wowing the internet with his pampered pups, it is making a buzz this morning. "Mornings with Maria" is live right now.(MUSIC PLAYING)DEANGELIS: Good Thursday morning, everybody. Taking a look at the markets this morning overseas, European markets in the red right now, the FTSE100 down 74, the CAC 40 down 20, the DAX trading lower by 130 points. In Asia overnight, red across the board as well, this is following a tough day on Wall Street yesterday. The KOSPI down 1.7 percent, the Hang Seng down 2.5 percent, the Nikkei and the Shanghai composites seeing losses as well in today's session.Now to some of the top stories that we're following this morning, President Joe Biden taking on healthcare in his latest round of executive orders. We've got Cheryl Casone with more on that. Cheryl.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS NEWS CORRESPONDENT: That is right, Jackie and good morning. President Biden is expected to launch his healthcare agenda today by reversing two actions from the Trump administration, they including lifting certain restrictions on abortion funding, re-launching the Affordable Care Act insurance sign-ups that's a website, reverse work requirements in Medicaid and offer incentives to get more states to expand the program, all of this after rolling out a $2 trillion climate change plan.Meanwhile, President Biden's climate Czar, John Kerry, admitting that reducing U.S. emissions to zero would not make much of a difference in the global fight against climate change, he said yesterday the 90 percent of the planets global emissions come from outside of the U.S. the Biden administration is still pushing domestic manufacturing of electric cars and solar panel in favor of energy production. Well, game stop and other stocks taking a brief but substantial hit in extended trading after the close last night, after the separate Wall Street bet's was locked down.Moderators claiming they were overwhelmed with post volume, the form has been the focal point a controversy, after day traders invested heavily in companies like GameStop and AMC Entertainment. This little trend has cost hedge funds billions of dollars. Steve Collins points somebody to asset management which manages nearly 19 billion hit with a 15 percent loss over this. The SEC is "aware of and actively monitoring ongoing market volatility in options and equities markets".Well, the impeachment battle in Capitol Hill, Democrat Senator Tim Kaine and Republican Senator Susan Collins drafting a resolution to censure Former President Trump instead of impeaching him now that he's out of office, this as it becomes clear there would not be enough votes for a conviction. Well, January becoming the deadliest month for the coronavirus since the start of the pandemic as nearly 80,000 deaths have been reported. That surpasses deaths recorded in the month of December and as states struggle with a new strain as they try to vaccinate the residents as quickly as possible, Jackie. And those are some of your headlines from the newsroom. Back to you.DEANGELIS: Thank you so much for that Cheryl. We are also watching the Futures this morning. Pointing to a lower open on Wall Street, you can see the Dow has indicated lower by 59 points, and markets yesterday seeing their worst performance in three months. This as big tech giants, Apple, Facebook and Tesla they all reported earnings yesterday after the bell but the underwhelming results pushing shares a little bit lower this morning.Joining me now, Michael Lee Strategy Founder, Michael Lee and joining the conversation all morning long as well, Fox News Contributor Liz Peek and BMO Capital Markets Chief Strategist, Brian Belski. Good morning everyone, great to see you all. Let's go over what we're seeing in the markets first because it's been interesting with respect to different aspects of this, you've got stimulus, you've got earnings, you've got what's happening in GameStop. What are investors thinking at this moment right now, Brian?BRIAN BELSKI, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CHIEF STRATEGIST: Well, good morning, by the way. I would say this. I think there's a big tug of war, quite frankly in terms of wanting to be a growth investor or a value investor. I think what we're seeing a lot from some of these tech areas and we could make an argument that Apple's a value stock.And given where we're seeing cash flow and where the product cycle is going forward, we would still say you would want to trade around your Apple positions from a longer term position on days like this, add a little bit more actually on weakness and then trim on strength.But I think too much has been made about selling the tech and buying into value. I think from a longer term perspective, still think investors are under-exposed value and small cap in particular from a very long perspective, given the massive underperformance. We would be buying on weakness, that's for sure.DEANGELIS: OK, Michael. I want to get to you and take little bit of a broader look at the markets. We're waiting for a he potential stimulus package. The markets have been excited about that. And we also heard from the FED yesterday, no major moves in interest rates. So is this market going to continue to stay juiced up on stimulus?MICHAEL LEE, MICHAEL LEE STRATEGY FOUNDER: Yes. I would say, though, that this GameStop trade is having a huge effect on the short term trading and will so for the next few days. You're seeing the largest gross deleveraging and largest reduction in exposure in several years because of all of the shorts being squeezed out of these costing massive losses in some of the largest and smartest hedge funds. So as a result, we're going to see a little bit of a shake out here.Is this the 5 percent or 10 percent correction we've been waiting for? I'm not sure. I think you could look right now, the NASDAQ'S down a little over 1 percent. I think we could see some follow-on on this as a lot of these hedge funds are reducing their exposure. But then obviously we're off to the races. We got news from Chairman Powell yesterday they're not going to stop buying bonds. The shortened of the curve isn't going up any time in the near future and we have a recovering, reopening economy. We got great durable goods orders yesterday. We're three tenths of a percent below February highs.So there are - we have a combination of fundamental improvement vaccines coming online, the economy reopening as well as record FED stimulus and it looks like we're going to get additional fiscal stimulus. So this is - for people that have been on the sidelines, I'd say we would probably see some follow-on of the selling we saw yesterday and we will probably have a very good year in the stock markets ahead of us.DEANGELIS: Liz, I want to get your take on what we're seeing with GameStop. Because it's such a remarkable story, the action that we're seeing in the marketplace and the administration is talking about it and keeping an eye on it as well, Jen Psaki saying yesterday that Janet Yellen Treasury Secretary is watching this very closely. Does this bring up issues with respect to regulations and how the market should be looking at this? Should the SEC get involved? Your thoughts on sort of, where we see regulatory issues going on this.LIZ PEEK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I think - Good morning. I think regulators should always be weary of sudden gyrations in the market and particularly the possibility of a lot of small investors getting hammered which I think is very likely to happen here. On the other hand, Jackie, this is a tremendously kind of political situation. I don't think you can have regulators standing up for big hedge funds who make billions of dollars every year. That's going to be unbelievably unpopular.I mean, this is being portrayed as sort of the little guy versus the entrenched money interests on Wall Street. I think the Biden administration has to have a very hands-off approach here or be accused of siding with Wall Street. Let's not forget, Joe Biden received enormous campaign contributions from Wall Street, from Hedge Fund Managers, people that run the big investment banks. I think he's got to tread pretty carefully.DEANGELIS: Last point to you, Michael, when talking about game stop. Liz certainly makes a point there. But there is an issue here, once you get the shorts, the hedge funds out of this trade, the little guys who ran it up they could be left holding the bag. So we could see an issue there and people could get hurt.LEE: Maybe. I think a lot of this money is speculative money that either came out of Bitcoin or will go back into Bitcoin or other kind of day trading schemes here. With the government getting involved, it looks as though the SEC wants to band outsider trading, not insider trading. And let's just remember, Hedge Funds have been ripping the face off individual investors since inception. The shoe is now on the other foot.And all of the sudden the Chairman of the NASDAQ, the Head of the SEC, Janet Yellen, the President, everyone needs to get involved to save some of the largest and most sophisticated investors who thought it would be a good idea to be short 150 percent of the float of a small stock. I would also say its not small investors running the price up here. Robin Hood sells its order flow. That's why they don't have commission, so it's other Hedge Funds and other institutional investor's piggy backing on the ideas of the chat members that are pushing the stock price higher.Look, you get things like this are speculation. I think everybody's involved with that, understands that. So it's been fun to watch and could create an opportunity for other investors to get involved as the market sells off.DEANGELIS: Not a trade for the faint of heart, watching it goes higher this morning as well. Michael Lee, thank you for joining us this morning. Great to see you.LEE: Thanks.DEANGELIS: All right. We are just getting started this morning. Coming up, Georgia Congressman Jody Hice talks about President Biden's executive order spree, including his healthcare actions planned for today. Next hour we're looking at GameStop mania in the word on Wall Street. As everyday investors are taking on hedge fund leads. Then, Congressman Roger Williams discusses his where negotiations on stimulus talks stand and Wyoming Senator John Barrasso talk's American energy, as the Biden administration kicks in at the industry.In the 8:00 o'clock hour, Former Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, talks President Biden's immigration plans and Texas Congressman Lance Gooden discusses executive action and the impact on American taxpayers. Don't miss a moment of it. You are watching "Mornings with Maria" live on Fox Business.DEANGELIS: Welcome back, everybody. Big-tech censorship. Facebooks CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, announcing yesterday that the company will stop all recommendations of political and civic groups to its users in an effort to reduce the amount of political content on the news feed. These changes came following the riots at the U.S. Capitol on January 6th. Joining me now, The Hill media reporter and Fox News Contributor, Joe Concha, Joe good morning, always great to see you.JOE CONCHA, THE HILL MEDIA REPORTER AND FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Hey, Jackie, how's it going?DEANGELIS: So far, so good. I want to get your take on the changes that Facebook is planning to make and what you're thinking about social media as we start a whole new era here?CONCHA: Yes. It's very nice of Facebook to be doing this only after the election and not before when we saw such an influence, Jackie, on the way this election was decided from a messaging perspective, right, and obviously the most famous example is "The New York Post" and their story on Hunter Biden, a very negative story for the Biden campaign in general, that was suppressed and censored by the likes of Twitter and Facebook.Now here's where it gets kind of dicey, right. 86 percent of Americans, this number was just updated, according to you Pugh, get their news often or sometimes from their Smartphone, computer or tablet, right. Yet, one intent for that graph you just showed, believe that social media has a positive impact on the country.So it's like this addiction that we know is bad and we know it's wrong but we keep doing it. We go to our phones, we depend on social media for our news, yet we know it's probably a bad thing considering this is usually a very censored thing or at least a very biased thing at this point, yes, so the seven in ten now has actually been upgraded to more like nine and ten at this point.So that's where we are, where we have so much influence by social media, yet we keep going to it for our information and then the obvious goal here, you would think by most people, would be to regulate these companies more, to break them up. But I don't see how you do that in the near future any time soon given all the resources and money they have and power quite frankly.DEANGELIS: Well, let me answer that, because a new survey revealed that 51 percent of college students believe that social media should be more regulated by the government, 77 percent say they have too much power too much influence on politics. And so you know, you talk about this addition and this feeling about not being able to remove yourself from social media.But if you feel that way, then why not you just boycott these companies, I got off Facebook over a year ago. And I personally think, I think I live a fuller more rich life as a result of it. Why don't people step away from it? Then they wouldn't have the power.CONCHA: I guess it's like smoking or drinking or anything else like that. They're addicted at this point. It's hard to do. You have better will power then I do, Jackie, I have kids, so they the - the relatives would kill me if I got off of there because I wouldn't share my pictures of my five and seven year any more. But, yes, I agree with you and the sense where you're probably leaving a more productive life as a result of not been on Facebook. I feel the same way about Twitter, its accessible down there. I am in a bad mood every time I get on and off it, yet they can't get away from it.Another interesting point from that poll showed that 86 percent of those who identify as either conservative or as Democrat also believe that big tech companies should be regulated at that age, at a very young age. That's very interesting that they see the problem, they feel that way. They feel also they could detect misinformation that, don't need to be told what is and what isn't, but at the same time when you consider all the people that went to go work for the Biden administration from Silicon Valley, Jackie.And all the donations, overwhelmingly for the Biden campaign and now the administration, you have to wonder how much really do Democrats in the House and Senate and a Oval Office want to change things the way they are, given how much they benefited from social media and big tech going into the election and perhaps now afterwards with all these folks going to work for them.DEANGELIS: Brian, real quick, it's really interesting the point that Joe makes about the timing of the announcement coming from Facebook. When Facebook started out it really was a way to connect amongst people, it wasn't so much about messaging. And it has gained so much power when it comes to advertising, shopping online and political messaging. Why can't they scale back and remember what their core model was which essentially was connecting people, it was seemingly more benign then.BELSKI: That's exactly right. And I think one that - a couple of things actually that people are not talking about and not really bringing to light is that the demographic has changed dramatically, it's getting older, the younger people are going to different platforms, and they are going - moving away from Facebook.But I guess the question I have for Joe if he hearing anything or sense anything percolating underneath the sheets, with respect to new platforms from despair always comes hope. And this is the United States of America. My bet would be the young people would start percolating new concepts and new media platforms to take advantage of this. Have you heard anything, Joe, or sensed anything from the community out there?CONCHA: Oh, I look at the numbers and I see 1.82 billion daily users on Facebook still. So while there are some other sites out there that maybe some folks are going to. Facebook and Twitter, so many people are there, that if you go somewhere else you're not in the party anymore. And that's not going to change any time soon I'm afraid.DEANGELIS: Joe, great to see you. Thanks so much for your time this morning.CONCHA: All right, Jackie. Good to see you.DEANGELIS: Coming up on the show, the future of American energy, we are looking at the impact on jobs from President Biden's climate change executive orders. Plus, a star-studded lineup, HBO Max teases its new content including something for Sopranos fanatics. It's making a buzz this morning.DEANGELIS: President Biden signing a series of executive orders yesterday, focused on climate change, vowing to put the issue at the center of U.S. National Security. The orders include pausing oil and gas leasing on federal land, doubling wind energy production and conserving 30 percent of federal lands and water. Climate Czar John Kerry sending the following message to workers in fossil fuel industries, concerned that they will see an end to their livelihoods under the new climate agenda.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN KERRY, FORMER UNITED STATES SECRETARY OF STATE: Unfortunately, workers have been FED a false narrative. They've been FED the notion that somehow dealing with climate is coming at their expense. No, it's not. I think that workers are going to see that with the efforts of the Biden administration, they're going to have much better set of choices and, frankly, it will create more jobs.(END VIDEO CLIP)DEANGELIS: Liz, he's calling it a false narrative there which is really interesting because some would argue that the false narrative is that there will be more jobs in alternative energy and yet they are high paying job but once the systems and infrastructure is put in place those jobs go away, when in the oil and gas industry right now, you have some very high paying jobs that are here to stay. So who has got the narrative wrong?PEEK: I think that John Kerry's comment was kind of ludicrous, really. 11,000 people working on the keystone pipeline already lost their jobs, people on the drilling rigs doing horizontal drilling is going to be curtailed. Those people are going to lose their jobs. And those are very high paying jobs. When you talk about National Security, Jackie, this is such a red herring. Because our national security is without a doubt buttressed by energy independence, it is buttressed by basically having the U.S. produce so much oil and gas that energy prices have been capped or of even driven down in recent years and who does that hurt worse? It hurts Russia.If Democrats are so worried about Russia, Russia, Russia, being the biggest geopolitical threat to the United States, what they should be doing is encourage more gas and oil production in the United States, not less. And we all know - we all know that no matter what the United States does, the United States having actually driven down our emissions in recent years, we are not going to impact even at the margins, the growth of the emissions around the world which is coming from China and India and other countries. The United States is a bit player here. And all we're going to do is hobble our most productive industries. It is a shame.DEANGELIS: It really is. And when you look at it, I've covered oil and gas for a long time Brian. You look at the fact that we were producing more than Russia more than Saudi Arabia; we were the world's largest producer of energy. And all that now is going to change because of the new policies. I have a sound bite from President Biden yesterday, talking about fracking. I want you to listen this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Let me be clear. And I know this always comes up. We're not going to ban fracking. We'll protect jobs and grow jobs. Including through stronger standards like controls for methane leaks and union workers willing to install the changes.(END VIDEO CLIP)DEANGELIS: OK. Brian, there he goes again, we're not going to ban fracking. They said it during the campaign, they said it in the debates before they were elected, Biden and Harris and he's saying it again. You don't just rubber stamp it and ban fracking, right. It starts slowly.BELSKI: Now as we like to say in Canada, it's a process. Remember, he band keystone pipeline the first day which did not make a good message with respect to Canada. And remember, we were heading towards energy independence. Energy independence and we all know that - you know, covering commodities and oil as long as you have in your career, natural gas is clean.And obviously with consumption being down and demand being down this is a big issue. So we are going to see job losses. We are going to see an effect on the economy. And you're going to see more word smith going on over the next several quarters, there's no doubt about that.DEANGELIS: Right. That's not the final word on this. We do have more coming up. And we'll talk about it more. But coming up, executive action also, Georgia Congressman Jody Hice is here to talk about President Biden's newest orders on healthcare today that's coming up next. Plus, Dogs with Diamonds, Martha Stewart's ultra luxe lifestyle extends to her prized pets. It is making a buzz this morning.DEANGELIS: Welcome back, I'm Jackie DeAngelis in for Maria Bartiromo today. It is Thursday, January 28th. A look at the markets this half hour. Futures right now indicating a positive open. They were just in the red moments ago. The Dow indicated higher by 27 points, the Nasdaq still looking at a lower open, 83 points, S&P 500 by 5 points but things could change. It is still early before the 9:30 bell rings. And this is coming after a dismal day yesterday, all three major indices finished near session lows. The Wall Street fear gauge seeing its biggest jump in almost three years.The European markets looking like this, this morning, red across the board. The FTSE, the CAC 40, the Dax all seeing losses. And in Asia overnight, we're going to go to Cheryl Casone with some quick earnings here on Southwest.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS: Yes, on the heels of markets, I want to bring this to all of our viewers right now. Southwest is reporting of their earnings right now and they were looking for a loss of $1.68. The company coming in a loss of a 1.29, revenue 2.11 billion was the estimate, they came in slightly lower than that at 2 billion. This is a major loss year- over-year obviously for this company. The CEO, this is Gary Kelly says, "in response to current trends, our capacity plans remain conservative through at least March of 2021." They're currently expecting another fleet decrease for 2021.They're going to go from 747 aircraft, they're going to go down a little bit from that. So they're also saying as far as the Max goes, and Southwest is a Max story, Jackie, thirty five 737 Max, eight deliveries, 16 leased aircrafts, seven of which they've already gotten in December 2020. So, they do have in the first quarter of this year, they're going to get the Max aircraft out into the system, this is all Southwest Airlines. We're waiting on JetBlue and American, but the stock is down about 2.25 percent right now, and again, that is on, again, a miss here unfortunately for Southwest Airlines. So we're watching that stock.We're also watching some other stories this morning I want to bring to you, including this one. There was a powerful tornado that touched down yesterday just before noon Eastern Time, down in Tallahassee. It went right through the international airport there, up to 85-mile per hour winds were recorded flipping a small plane, it damaged a hangar there, it topped several trees. There's that aircraft on its top side, guys. Staff and travelers had to be evacuated into the stairwells during the storm, but luckily, nobody was hurt. Again, huge tornado hitting Tallahassee. Well, back to earnings, it was a blowout for Apple last night. Sales of the new iPhone 12 helped deliver Apple its most profitable quarter ever.The tech giant generating an all-time high, $111.4 billion in quarterly sales. Its first time topping $100 billion in revenue, so new records for Apple. All of this as they are saying the iPhone and the iPad users out there need to update their devices right now to fix security flaws that might have been exploited by hackers. Let's take a look, this will be a stock to watch today, it is down more than 2.5 percent. But remember, 2020 was a strong year for Apple stock anyway. Tesla is celebrating its first full year of profitability. The car-maker reporting a profit of 721 million on about 31.5 billion in sales. CEO Elon Musk also suggesting the company may surpass its 2021 expectations and deliver between 840,000 and up to a million vehicles that will be this year. Again, there's pressure on the stock as you can see, post-earnings, the stock down 5.25 percent, Jackie. So, we are waiting on American Airlines and JetBlue, a lot of earnings crossing the tape this morning. Back to you --DEANGELIS: Yes, really interesting to see a lot of red there, but the futures have turned around, so we'll have to see how this all shakes out. Cheryl, thank you so much. Meantime, President Biden's executive action spree stretching into today. Now setting his sights on healthcare. This new order will include lifting certain restrictions on abortion funding and re- launching the Affordable Care Act insurance sign-ups. He'll also reverse Medicaid work requirements and offer incentives to get more states to expand the program.Joining me now is Georgia Congressman and House Oversight and Reform Committee member Jody Hice. Congressman, great to see you this morning.President Biden signing a lot of executive orders, moving on to healthcare today, presumably because he wouldn't have the support to be able to push these through Congress. Your thoughts on what he's reforming when it comes to the healthcare space.REP. JODY HICE (R-GA): Yes, good morning, Jackie. And you know, it just looks to me that this whole opening salvo, if you will, of executive orders coming from President Biden really is revealing I believe an underlying common thread, and that is an aggressive push to forcibly implement liberal policies on the American people. I believe in so doing, the president is demonstrating really his willingness to sacrifice the well-being and livelihoods of millions of Americans, and it just seems to me that so much for unification. This is an effort to appease a handful of radical extremist activists, rather than look after the best interest of the American people.DEANGELIS: And Congressman, this has been one of the fears at least on the side of the right, seeing this new administration come in, that President Biden who sort of sold himself as a more moderate Democrat, might you know, succumb and bow down to pressure from the extreme left. We're talking like people like Bernie Sanders and even his Vice President Kamala Harris, with respect to some of the things that we're seeing him do in climate change and expected in healthcare as well. Is this an example early on in the administration of how he cannot necessarily govern the way he said that he would because his party is pulling him more left?HICE: Yes, and that's the problem. We've got a radical left-wing Democratic Party in Washington D.C. which in many ways is detached from many rank-and-file Democrats and across America, particularly in rural parts of America like in my district, and yet the radical Democrats in Washington D.C. are pushing the agenda and President Biden has fallen right into that trap. And you look at all the executive orders that he is currently implementing, it really is forcing those radical policies upon the American people, and I believe this is going to be problematic, not only for him and his administration, but certainly for the attempts, at least the rhetoric to have unity in America. You cannot have rhetoric by -- or you cannot have unity by pushing not only rhetoric, but policies that are taking away from the American people their rights to pursue their dreams and to have less government breathing down their necks all the time.DEANGELIS: Brian Belski, jump in.BRIAN BELSKI, CHIEF STRATEGIST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS: Sure. We've actually published a research report in December, thematic report and talked about the history of executive orders and our government. George Washington was the first president and the first one to do an executive order, but super interesting is that between Eisenhower and Trump, on an annualized basis, they had basically the same amount of executive orders. You have to really go back to Truman and FDR where there's huge amounts on an annual basis with respect to executive orders, that clearly changed our country. And really, the shock and awe that we've seen so far, and now we're starting to see a little bit of a diminished fact, but clearly we're trying to -- he's trying to set the pace in terms of what the agenda is going forward, and I think we can really look to these executive orders on a historical basis to see what's coming even more so.DEANGELIS: Congressman?HICE: Yes, I agree. I mean, where you are -- the stage is being set. The table is being prepared and the American people are now looking at, and I believe we're going to see a lot of buyers' remorse in the days to come as the American people begin to really understand the radical agenda behind this administration and what they are pushing upon the American people. And it's not an agenda that is of liberty and freedom that we love and cherish in this country. It is a continued step in the direction of socialism which is bigger government and less freedoms for the American people. And I believe there's going to be a lot of buyer's remorse as this goes forward.DEANGELIS: And we'll be watching closely. Thank you so much, Congressman Hice, great to see you this morning.HICE: Thank you.DEANGELIS: Coming up, bowing to communist pressure. Jack Ma planning a major financial revamp to his Ant Group after being forced to pull the massive IPO. Plus, a star-studded line-up, "HBO Max" teases its new content, including something for "Sopranos" fanatics. The Morning Buzz is coming up ahead. And don't forget to catch Maria Bartiromo tonight on the Fox News channel, she is hosting "FOX NEWS PRIME TIME" at 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time all week long. Don't miss it. You are watching MORNINGS WITH MARIA live on Fox Business.DEANGELIS: Jack Ma bowing to Chinese communist government pressure, the billionaire businessman making massive changes to his Ant Group following his brief disappearance from the public eye. "The Wall Street Journal" reporting that Ant is planning a major restructuring from a digital payment platform to a financial holding company overseen by the Chinese Central Bank. Joining me now, Gatestone Institute senior fellow Gordon Chang. Gordon, good morning, great to see you as always. Let's talk about what we're seeing here. Is this regulation by the Chinese Communist Party that's meant to better this company and better the opportunity for investors or is this simply retribution for Jack Ma and you know, the way he sort of stepped out into the public eye, that the CCP didn't like?GORDON CHANG, SENIOR FELLOW, GATESTONE INSTITUTE: Well, I think you put your finger on something, Jackie. And that indeed is retribution. You know, Jack Ma really still is being held by the Communist Party. He appeared in that 48-second video on January 20, but that video was reminiscent of ones we've seen in the past where people sort of confess their sins. So, that was not a good thing. Now, with regard to the regulation, one can argue that this is a good thing putting Ant on the same basis as state banks. But the point is, small businesses in China are not going to get the credit that they need because Ant was able to do that, and it won't be able to do it as a financial holding company.But really the important thing is, the arbitrariness and the capriciousness of the way this was done, the force that was used, and foreign investors should understand that this is not just an Ant problem, if they can do this to Jack Ma, they can do this to everybody, and indeed they have been.DEANGELIS: Well, I think you bring up a great point, right? And the past administration was very tough on China for many reasons including this one, and I think that's what a lot of people in this country don't necessarily understand, the power that China wields. And so I'm wondering what you think the Biden administration is going to do, is this going back to Obama era policies of business as usual, let China do whatever it wants to do, and as it continues to gain a more powerful foothold.CHANG: Yes, that very well could be the case. There have been indications from people who are now in the administration that they do want to go back to let's get along with China mode. We'll see how they actually govern. But clearly, China believes it can do what it wants, and it believes that nobody is going to interfere in this, and indeed we have an interest because our companies are subject to that same sort of arbitrary and capricious regulation that Jack Ma has just felt. Remember, all of this started because Jack Ma on October 24th made some comments that were mildly critical of state banks, and all of a sudden, you had these rumors throughout China of appropriation.The "Wall Street Journal" reported that Jack was actually going to give up parts of his company to the central government, if that's what they wanted. So, this is really a very intensely political system and we'll see --DEANGELIS: Yes --CHANG: Whether the Biden administration will actually do something about it. I suspect they won't.DEANGELIS: And Gordon, you also have former Google CEO Eric Schmidt warning that China is in pole position to overtake the United States in critical areas. It's interesting to me because there was a point when you thought about Google and Eric Schmidt sort of taking over the world on their own, and now he's criticizing China here.CHANG: Yes, this report that he issued on Tuesday really is quite striking because it says it's both inevitable and desirable that China tech and U.S. tech diverge. So, this is something that techies and policy makers have really abhorred, and that is, you know, the division of the world into two camps and Eric Schmidt is saying that this is something that's actually a good thing. Now, I agree with him. I think that we should have a divorce from China on tech for a lot of reasons. But this shows that something that was considered inconceivable nine months ago, a year ago, is now no longer fringe.DEANGELIS: Yes, it's so interesting. Gordon Chang, always great to get your perspective and your knowledge about the region, it's just so in depth. Thank you so much.CHANG: Thanks, Jackie.DEANGELIS: Coming up, a star-studded lineup, "HBO Max" teasing content that's going to make "Sopranos" fans happy, we've got the morning buzz next. Plus, Bud Light making lemonade out of a lemon of a year, a first look at their newest Super Bowl ad, ahead.DEANGELIS: It's time for the Morning Buzz. First up, movie stars on your TV screen, "HBO Max" debuting its 2021 movie sizzle reel, fans getting a first glimpse of the highly anticipated "Sopranos" prequel, plus a slew of other movies including "Space Jam: A New Legacy" in the heights and "Tom and Jerry", the movie. Brian, you know, we're all still at home and dealing with the pandemic and we're looking for new content. So, I'm wondering if any of these things interest you. I'm thinking "The Sopranos" would certainly interest me.BELSKI: For sure. You know, I'm -- I've been -- I'm old. So, I remember when "HBO" was a huge deal in 1979, 1980. And they have the best content. And I think they missed the boat and now they're trying to catch up. I mean, the communication services, which AT&T is part of it, Netflix is part of it, you know, the theme there is the three Cs, cash, content and cannibalism, they're all going to end up buying each other. But the bottom line is, Netflix is a leader with respect to content. But I'm encouraged to see that we're starting to -- "HBO" is starting to get a little bit more religion, go back to its core in terms of these series. But I for one, I did not enjoy "Wonder Woman", I shut it off halfway through, it was boring.And I'm looking forward to seeing what "Suicide Squad 2" can come out with. But I mean, clearly, Warner Brothers is behind the eight ball in terms of what Marvel's done, so they've got a lot of catch-up. But I think it's encouraging "The Sopranos" prequel, for sure.DEANGELIS: And obviously when it comes to "The Sopranos", you know, it's left with a very mystical ending if you will, not really sure what was supposed to happen to Tony Soprano, but assuming if we move forward with this, that he is still alive and well.BELSKI: Yes, exactly. And so, I think what -- I think they can go a lot of different directions. I actually I'm excited to see where they can take this, and remember too, think about all the content from "Game of Thrones" and "Boardwalk Empire", we need to have more of that. And they have a -- and you remember, there's no end -- there's no like real thought or new thought in Hollywood. So, maybe they'll bring back --DEANGELIS: Yes --BELSKI: Some of these others and do prequels and post-quels as well.DEANGELIS: All right, next, dripping in diamonds, as Martha Stewart promotes her new CBD canine treats on Instagram, a fan noticed that her French bulldog was blinked out in diamond collars. Just look at that photograph right there, and if you're looking to pamper your dog like the beloved lifestyle guru, it's going to set you back a few $100,000. Liz Peek, her dogs are living the life.LIZ PEEK, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yes. Well, Jackie, during the pandemic, an awful lot of Americans decided that they needed more pets, pets of different kinds. I don't know too many people who invested in diamonds for their dogs. And by the way, I think Martha Stewart's got to be really careful about broadcasting this. The next thing you know, some -- one of those dogs may disappear --DEANGELIS: Oh, goodness --PEEK: Along with that $150,000 necklace. I think this is nuts. I mean, this is truly a case of someone having so much money she really doesn't know what to do with it. But you know what? It's up to her and it's a free country or at least more or less free. She's wearing --DEANGELIS: Or more or less, well --PEEK: More or less she's able to do what she wants with her money. So, good for her.DEANGELIS: Diamonds and CBD treats for the dogs. I'll tell you --PEEK: Yes, I think so --DEANGELIS: I'm in the wrong business here.PEEK: Also think about the CBD treats for the dogs. I mean --(LAUGHTER)DEANGELIS: All right, guys --PEEK: These are pampered pets, there's no question.DEANGELIS: Certainly pampered pets, and it's a huge business. Wall Street invests in it heavily as well.PEEK: Yes--DEANGELIS: Still ahead on the show, the future of the American energy industry, Wyoming Senator John Barrasso is here to talk what's next for the industry with pressure from the Biden administration. And erasing history, what the San Francisco school board is doing to some of America's greatest presidents, it all starts next hour on MORNINGS WITH MARIA live on Fox Business.DEANGELIS: Good morning.Load-Date: January 28, 2021End of Document

Teradyne Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 ResultsGlobeNewswireJanuary 27, 2021 Wednesday 2:02 PM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: EARNINGS RELEASES AND OPERATING RESULTSLength: 6179 wordsBody• Revenue of $759 million in Q4'20, growth of 16% from Q4'19• Full year 2020 revenue grew 36%, GAAP EPS 65%, Non-GAAP EPS 62% • Test Revenue growth of 18% in Q4'20 from Q4'19• Higher than expected Industrial Automation shipments drove Q4 revenue above the high end of guidance• Industrial Automation revenue growth of 4% in Q4'20 from Q4'19, 34% from Q3'20 • Quarterly dividend of $0.10 announced• Board authorized a $2 billion share repurchase program, expect to repurchase a minimum of $600 million in shares in 2021 Q4'20Q4'19 Q3'20FY 2020FY 2019Revenue (mil)$759$655 $819$3,121$2,295GAAP EPS$1.05$0.69 $1.21$4.28$2.60Non-GAAP EPS$1.10$0.88 $1.18$4.62$2.86NORTH READING, Mass., Jan.  27, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Teradyne, Inc. (NASDAQ: TER) reported revenue of $759 million for the fourth quarter of 2020 of which $524 million was in Semiconductor Test, $104 million in System Test, $40 million in Wireless Test and $92 million in Industrial Automation (IA). GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $196.3 million or $1.05 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, Teradyne's net income in the fourth quarter was $193.2 million, or $1.10 per diluted share, which excluded pension actuarial losses, acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and other charges, non-cash convertible debt interest, and included the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments."Stronger than expected growth at Universal Robots drove Q4 sales and profits above guidance and capped an extraordinary year for Teradyne," said CEO and President Mark Jagiela. "For the full year, company sales grew 36% and non-GAAP earnings per share 62%, the seventh consecutive year of earnings growth. The annual results were driven by increased revenue in all our test businesses, highlighted by Semiconductor Test's 46% and System Test's 43% growth. While the global slowdown in industrial activity compressed the automation market for much of 2020, we are encouraged by the improving global industrial outlook and the sooner-than-expected return to year-over-year growth at Universal Robots."After an exceptionally strong Q4, we enter 2021 expecting record Q1 level sales and profits driven by continued strong test demand, including a notable recovery in automotive related semiconductor test shipments."Teradyne's Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share, payable on March 19, 2021 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 19, 2021. The Board also authorized a $2 billion share repurchase program and the company expects to repurchase a minimum of $600 million of its common stock in 2021.Guidance for the first quarter of 2021 is revenue of $720 million to $780 million, with GAAP net income of $0.86 to $1.00 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income of $0.95 to $1.11 per diluted share. Non-GAAP guidance excludes acquired intangible asset amortization, non-cash convertible debt interest and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments.Webcast A conference call to discuss the fourth quarter results, along with management's business outlook, will follow at 8:30 a.m. ET, Thursday, January 28. Interested investors should access the webcast at investors.teradyne.com/events-presentations at least five minutes before the call begins. Presentation materials will be available starting at 8:30 a.m. ET. A replay will be available on Teradyne's Investor Relations site at investors.teradyne.com.Non-GAAP ResultsIn addition to disclosing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, Teradyne also discloses non-GAAP results of operations that exclude certain income items and charges. These results are provided as a complement to results provided in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income exclude acquired intangible assets amortization, non-cash convertible debt interest, pension actuarial gains and losses, discrete income tax adjustments, fair value inventory step-up, and restructuring and other, and includes the related tax impact on non-GAAP adjustments. GAAP requires that these items be included in determining income from operations and net income. Non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of revenue, non-GAAP net income as a percentage of revenue, and non-GAAP net income per share are non-GAAP performance measures presented to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Teradyne's baseline performance before gains, losses or other charges that may not be indicative of Teradyne's current core business or future outlook. These non-GAAP performance measures are used to make operational decisions, to determine employee compensation, to forecast future operational results, and for comparison with Teradyne's business plan, historical operating results and the operating results of Teradyne's competitors. Non-GAAP gross margin excludes fair value inventory step-up. GAAP requires that this item be included in determining gross margin. Non-GAAP gross margin dollar amount and percentage are non-GAAP performance measures that management believes provide useful supplemental information for management and the investor. Management uses non-GAAP gross margin as a performance measure for Teradyne's current core business and future outlook and for comparison with Teradyne's business plan, historical gross margin results and the gross margin results of Teradyne's competitors. Non-GAAP diluted shares include the impact of Teradyne's call option on its shares. Management believes each of these non-GAAP performance measures provides useful supplemental information for investors, allowing greater transparency to the information used by management in its operational decision making and in the review of Teradyne's financial and operational performance, as well as facilitating meaningful comparisons of Teradyne's results in the current period compared with those in prior and future periods. A reconciliation of each available GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure discussed in this press release is contained in the attached exhibits and on the Teradyne website at www.teradyne.com by clicking on "Investor Relations" and then selecting "Financials" and the "GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation" link. The non-GAAP performance measures discussed in this press release may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The presentation of non-GAAP measures is not meant to be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures or information provided in accordance with GAAP.About TeradyneTeradyne (NASDAQ:TER) brings high-quality innovations such as smart devices, life-saving medical equipment and data storage systems to market, faster. Its advanced test solutions for semiconductors, electronic systems, wireless devices and more ensure that products perform as they were designed. Its Industrial Automation offerings include collaborative and mobile robots that help manufacturers of all sizes improve productivity and lower costs. In 2020, Teradyne had revenue of $3.1 billion and today employs 5,500 people worldwide. For more information, visit teradyne.com. Teradyne® is a registered trademark of Teradyne, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements regarding Teradyne's future business prospects, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, results of operations, market conditions, earnings per share, the payment of a quarterly dividend, the repurchase of Teradyne common stock pursuant to a share repurchase program, and the impact of U.S. and Chinese export and tariff laws. Such statements are based on the current assumptions and expectations of Teradyne's management and are neither promises nor guarantees of future performance, events, earnings per share, use of cash, payment of dividends, repurchases of common stock, payment of the senior convertible notes, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the impact of U.S. and Chinese export and tariff laws. There can be no assurance that management's estimates of Teradyne's future results or other forward-looking statements will be achieved. Additionally, the current dividend and share repurchase programs may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time.On May 16, 2019, Huawei and 68 of its affiliates, including HiSilicon, were added to the U.S. Department of Commerce Entity List under U.S. Export Administration Regulations (the "EAR"). This action by the U.S. Department of Commerce imposed new export licensing requirements on exports, re-exports, and in-country transfers of all U.S. - regulated products, software and technology to the designated Huawei entities. While most of Teradyne's products are not subject to the EAR and therefore not affected by the Entity List restrictions, some of its products are currently manufactured in the U.S. and thus subject to the Entity List restrictions.On August 17, 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce published final regulations expanding the scope of the U.S. EAR to include additional products that would become subject to export restrictions relating to Huawei entities including HiSilicon. These new regulations restrict the sale to Huawei and the designated Huawei entities of certain non-U.S. made items, such as semiconductor devices, manufactured for or sold to Huawei entities including HiSilicon under specific, detailed conditions set forth in the new regulations. These new regulations have impacted our sales to Huawei, HiSilicon and their suppliers. Teradyne is taking appropriate actions, including filing for licenses with the U.S. Department of Commerce and working with the U.S. regulators to clarify the scope of the restrictions. However, Teradyne cannot be certain that the actions it takes will mitigate the risks associated with the new export controls that impact its business. It is uncertain the extent these new regulations and any other additional regulations that may be implemented by the U.S. Department of Commerce or other government agency may have on Teradyne's business and financial results.On April 28, 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce published new export control regulations for certain U.S. products and technology sold to military end users or for military end-use in China, Russia and Venezuela. The definition of military end user is broad. The regulations went into effect on June 29, 2020. In December 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce issued a list of companies in China and other countries that it considered to be military end users. Teradyne does not expect that compliance with the new export controls will significantly impact its ability to sell products to its customers in China or to manufacture products in China. The new export controls, however, could disrupt the Company's supply chain, increase compliance costs and impact the demand for the Company's products in China and, thus, have a material adverse impact on Teradyne's business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, while the Company maintains an export compliance program, its compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing the Company to legal liabilities. Teradyne will continue to assess the potential impact of the new export controls on its business and operations and take appropriate actions, including filing for licenses with the U.S. Department of Commerce, to minimize any disruption. However, Teradyne cannot be certain that the actions it takes will mitigate all the risks associated with the new export controls that may impact its business.In response to the regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce, the Chinese government has passed new laws that may impact Teradyne's business activities in China. The Company is assessing the potential impact of these new Chinese laws and monitoring relevant laws and regulations issued by the Chinese government.The global pandemic of the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact Teradyne's workforce and operations, the operations of its customers, and those of its contract manufacturers and suppliers. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the Company's results of operations, including increased costs company-wide and decreased sales in its industrial automation businesses. The Company cannot accurately estimate the amount of the impact on Teradyne's 2020 financial results and to its future financial results. There is considerable uncertainty regarding the impact on Teradyne's business from the measures in place and potential future measures, and restrictions on Teradyne's access to its manufacturing facilities or on its support operations or workforce, or similar limitations for its contractor manufacturers and suppliers, and restrictions or disruptions of transportation, such as reduced availability of transportation and increased border controls or closures, could limit Teradyne's capacity to meet customer demand and have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 outbreak has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty in Teradyne's markets. This uncertainty has resulted in a significant decrease in demand for certain Teradyne products and could continue to impact demand for an uncertain period of time. The spread of COVID-19 has caused Teradyne to modify its business practices (including employee travel, employees working remotely, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and the Company may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers. There is uncertainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and Teradyne's ability to perform critical functions could be impacted. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts Teradyne's results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and continued spread of the virus, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or the availability and impact of vaccines, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume.Important factors that could cause actual results, earnings per share, use of cash, dividend payments, repurchases of common stock, or payment of the senior convertible notes to differ materially from those presently expected include: conditions affecting the markets in which Teradyne operates; decreased or delayed product demand from one or more significant customers; development, delivery and acceptance of new products; the ability to grow the Industrial Automation business; increased research and development spending; deterioration of Teradyne's financial condition; the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related government responses on the market and demand for Teradyne's products, on its contract manufacturers and supply chain, and on its workforce; the consummation and success of any mergers or acquisitions; unexpected cash needs; insufficient cash flow to make required payments and pay the principal amount on the senior convertible notes; the business judgment of the board of directors that a declaration of a dividend or the repurchase of common stock is not in the company's best interests; additional U.S. tax regulations or IRS guidance; the impact of any tariffs or export controls imposed in the U.S. or China; compliance with trade protection measures or export restrictions; the impact of U.S. Department of Commerce or other government agency regulations relating to Huawei and HiSilicon; and other events, factors and risks disclosed in filings with the SEC, including, but not limited to, the "Risk Factors" sections of Teradyne's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2020. The forward-looking statements provided by Teradyne in this press release represent management's views as of the date of this release. Teradyne anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause management's views to change. However, while Teradyne may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Teradyne specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Teradyne's views as of any date subsequent to the date of this release.           TERADYNE, INC. REPORT FOR FOURTH FISCAL QUARTER OF 2020              CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(In thousands, except per share amounts)                   Quarter Ended Twelve Months Ended     December 31,2020 September 27,2020 December 31,2019 December 31,2020 December 31,2019              Net revenues $758,968  $819,484  $654,650  $3,121,469  $2,294,965  Cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired intangible assets amortization shown separately below) (1)  309,179   360,556   271,412   1,335,728   955,136               Gross profit  449,789   458,928   383,238   1,785,741   1,339,829               Operating expenses:           Selling and administrative (2)  124,279   115,840   117,092   464,769   437,084  Engineering and development  100,795   94,909   86,794   374,964   322,824  Acquired intangible assets amortization  5,752   6,219   9,784   30,803   40,147  Restructuring and other (3)  (15,117)  (27,701)  (2,088)  (13,202)  (13,880)   Operating expenses  215,709   189,267   211,582   857,334   786,175               Income from operations  234,080   269,661   171,656   928,407   553,654                Interest and other expense (4)  11,155   5,930   22,770   27,392   27,882               Income before income taxes  222,925   263,731   148,886   901,015   525,772  Income tax provision  26,595   41,013   23,811   116,868   58,304 Net income $196,330  $222,718  $125,075  $784,147  $467,468               Net income per common share:          Basic   $1.18  $1.34  $0.75  $4.72  $2.74 Diluted   $1.05  $1.21  $0.69  $4.28  $2.60               Weighted average common shares - basic  166,085   166,014   167,286   166,120   170,425               Weighted average common shares - diluted (5)  186,837   184,338   181,780   183,042   179,459                             Cash dividend declared per common share $0.10  $0.10  $0.09  $0.40  $0.36                                           (1)Cost of revenues includes: Quarter Ended Twelve Months Ended     December 31,2020 September 27,2020 December 31,2019 December 31,2020 December 31,2019   Provision for excess and obsolete inventory $4,418  $3,479  $6,396  $17,534  $15,244    Sale of previously written down inventory  (593)  (310)  (1,222)  (2,315)  (3,184)   Inventory step-up  17   121   64   376   447      $3,842  $3,290  $5,238  $15,595  $12,507               (2)For the twelve months ended December 31, 2019, selling and administrative expenses include an equity charge of $2.1 million for the modification of Teradyne's retired CFO's outstanding equity awards to allow continued vesting and maintain the original term in connection with his July 17, 2019 retirement.              (3)Restructuring and other consists of: Quarter Ended Twelve Months Ended     December 31,2020 September 27,2020 December 31,2019 December 31,2020 December 31,2019   Contingent consideration fair value adjustment $(15,304) $(27,206) $(2,796) $(23,271) $(19,257)   Acquisition related expenses and compensation  (902)  (1,086)  248   2,516   2,506    Employee severance  1,089   456   460   2,309   2,871    Contract termination settlement fee  -   -   -   4,000   -    Other  -   135   -   1,244   -      $(15,117) $(27,701) $(2,088) $(13,202) $(13,880)              (4)Interest and other includes: Quarter Ended Twelve Months Ended     December 31,2020 September 27,2020 December 31,2019 December 31,2020 December 31,2019   Non-cash convertible debt interest $3,674  $3,629  $3,496  $14,426  $13,728    Pension actuarial losses  7,694   2,688   7,727   10,284   8,176    Investment impairment  -   -   15,000   -   15,000      $11,368  $6,317  $26,223  $24,710  $36,904               (5)Under GAAP, when calculating diluted earnings per share, convertible debt must be assumed to have converted if the effect on EPS would be dilutive. Diluted shares assume the conversion of the convertible debt as the effect would be dilutive. Accordingly, for the quarters ended December 31, 2020, September 27, 2020 and December 31, 2019, 10.0 million, 9.2 million and 7.3 million shares, respectively, have been included in diluted shares. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, 8.5 million and 4.9 million shares, respectively, have been included in diluted shares. For the quarters ended December 31, 2020, September 27, 2020 and December 31, 2019, diluted shares also included 8.9 million, 7.8 million and 5.4 million shares, respectively from the convertible note hedge transaction. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, diluted shares also included 7.0 million and 2.7 million shares, respectively, from the convertible note hedge transaction.   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands)                             December 31,2020 December 31,2019      Assets             Cash and cash equivalents $914,121  $773,924        Marketable securities  522,280   137,303        Accounts receivable, net  497,506   362,368        Inventories, net  222,189   196,691        Prepayments and other current assets  259,338   188,598          Total current assets  2,415,434   1,658,884                      Property, plant and equipment, net  394,800   320,216        Operating lease right-of-use assets, net  54,569   57,539        Marketable securities  117,980   104,490        Deferred tax assets  87,913   75,185        Retirement plans assets  17,468   18,457        Other assets  9,384   10,332        Acquired intangible assets, net  100,939   125,480        Goodwill  453,859   416,431                        Total assets $3,652,346  $2,787,014                     Liabilities            Accounts payable $133,663  $126,617        Accrued employees' compensation and withholdings  220,321   163,883        Deferred revenue and customer advances  134,662   104,876        Other accrued liabilities  77,581   70,871        Operating lease liabilities  20,573   19,476        Contingent consideration  -   9,106        Income taxes payable  80,728   44,200        Current debt  33,343   -                        Total current liabilities  700,871   539,029                      Retirement plans liabilities  151,140   134,471        Long-term deferred revenue and customer advances  58,359   45,974        Long-term contingent consideration  7,227   30,599        Long-term other accrued liabilities  19,352   19,535        Deferred tax liabilities  10,821   14,070        Long-term operating lease liabilities  42,073   45,849        Long-term income taxes payable  74,930   82,642        Debt   376,768   394,687                        Total liabilities  1,441,541   1,306,856                     Mezzanine equity  3,787   -                     Shareholders' equity  2,207,018   1,480,158                        Total liabilities and equity $3,652,346  $2,787,014                                                 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands)                             Quarter Ended Twelve Months Ended       December 31,2020 December 31,2019 December 31,2020 December 31,2019  Cash flows from operating activities:           Net income $196,330  $125,075  $784,147  $467,468    Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:            Depreciation  22,008   19,326   80,119   70,834     Amortization  10,047   12,972   46,624   49,821     Stock-based compensation  11,878   9,075   44,906   37,897     Provision for excess and obsolete inventory  4,418   6,396   17,534   15,244     Retirement plan actuarial losses  7,694   7,727   10,284   8,176     Investment impairment  -   15,000   -   15,000     Contingent consideration fair value adjustment  (15,304)  (2,796)  (23,271)  (19,257)    Deferred taxes  (11,141)  (6,478)  (15,688)  (9,456)    Gains on investments  (4,383)  (1,875)  (7,898)  (6,033)    Other  810   153   1,557   766                   Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of businesses acquired:            Accounts receivable  92,564   (3,651)  (129,451)  (70,440)     Inventories  (25,436)  (13,265)  (8,438)  (27,408)     Prepayments and other assets  (23,667)  (7,666)  (64,418)  (23,784)     Accounts payable and other liabilities  (8,390)  28,472   73,167   49,279      Deferred revenue and customer advances  3,385   11,534   39,974   39,313      Retirement plans contributions  (1,498)  (1,311)  (5,382)  (5,086)     Income taxes  1,109   17,640   25,169   (13,584)  Net cash provided by operating activities  260,424   216,328   868,935   578,750                 Cash flows from investing activities:           Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (38,105)  (38,594)  (184,977)  (134,642)   Purchases of marketable securities  (411,768)  (57,162)  (900,196)  (662,701)   Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities  170,271   218,455   479,678   611,927    Proceeds from sales of marketable securities  2,395   45,312   35,006   105,586    Proceeds from life insurance  -   -   546   2,912    Purchase of investment and acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired  -   (57,772)  149   (79,742)  Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities  (277,207)  110,239   (569,794)  (156,660)                Cash flows from financing activities:           Issuance of common stock under stock purchase and stock option plans  1,999   33   28,527   29,312    Dividend payments  (16,612)  (15,036)  (66,482)  (61,305)   Payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards  (279)  (192)  (23,014)  (14,741)   Repurchase of common stock  -   (131,218)  (88,465)  (500,000)   Payments of contingent consideration  -   -   (8,852)  (27,615)  Net cash used for financing activities  (14,892)  (146,413)  (158,286)  (574,349)                Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  616   (169)  (658)  (569)  (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents  (31,059)  179,985   140,197   (152,828)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  945,180   593,939   773,924   926,752   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $914,121  $773,924  $914,121  $773,924                                                                    GAAP to Non-GAAP Earnings Reconciliation                           (In millions, except per share amounts)            Quarter Ended                December 31, 2020 % of Net Revenues     September 27, 2020 % of Net Revenues     December 31, 2019 % of Net Revenues                               Net revenues$759.0        $819.5        $654.7                                  Gross profit GAAP$449.8   59.3%     $458.9  56.0%     $383.2  58.5%     Inventory step-up -   -       0.1  0.0%      0.1  0.0%    Gross profit non-GAAP$449.8   59.3%     $459.0  56.0%     $383.3  58.5%                               Income from operations - GAAP$234.1   30.8%     $269.7  32.9%     $171.7  26.2%     Restructuring and other (1) (15.1)  -2.0%      (27.7) -3.4%      (2.1) -0.3%     Acquired intangible assets amortization 5.8   0.8%      6.2  0.8%      9.8  1.5%     Equity modification charge 0.8   0.1%      -  -       -  -      Inventory step-up -   -       0.1  0.0%      0.1  0.0%    Income from operations - non-GAAP$225.6   29.7%     $248.3  30.3%     $179.5  27.4%                                       Net Income per Common Share     Net Income per Common Share     Net Income per Common Share    December 31, 2020 % of Net Revenues Basic Diluted September 27, 2020 % of Net Revenues Basic Diluted December 31, 2019 % of Net Revenues Basic DilutedNet income - GAAP$196.3   25.9% $1.18  $1.05  $222.7  27.2% $1.34  $1.21  $125.1  19.1% $0.75  $0.69  Restructuring and other (1) (15.1)  -2.0%  (0.09)  (0.08)  (27.7) -3.4%  (0.17)  (0.15)  (2.1) -0.3%  (0.01)  (0.01) Acquired intangible assets amortization 5.8   0.8%  0.03   0.03   6.2  0.8%  0.04   0.03   9.8  1.5%  0.06   0.05  Interest and other (2) 3.7   0.5%  0.02   0.02   3.6  0.4%  0.02   0.02   18.5  2.8%  0.11   0.10  Pension mark-to-market adjustment (2) 7.7   1.0%  0.05   0.04   2.7  0.3%  0.02   0.01   7.7  1.2%  0.05   0.04  Equity modification charge 0.8   0.1%  0.00   0.00   -  -   -   -   -  -   -   -  Inventory step-up -   -   -   -   0.1  0.0%  0.00   0.00   0.1  0.0%  0.00   0.00  Exclude discrete tax adjustments (3) (2.1)  -0.3%  (0.01)  (0.01)  (4.4) -0.5%  (0.03)  (0.02)  1.4  0.2%  0.01   0.01  Non-GAAP tax adjustments (3.9)  -0.5%  (0.02)  (0.02)  2.2  0.3%  0.01   0.01   (7.7) -1.2%  (0.05)  (0.04) Convertible share adjustment (4) -   -   -   0.06   -  -   -   0.06   -  -   -   0.03 Net income - non-GAAP$193.2   25.5% $1.16  $1.10  $205.4  25.1% $1.24  $1.18  $152.8  23.3% $0.91  $0.88                            GAAP and non-GAAP weighted average common shares - basic 166.1         166.0         167.3       GAAP weighted average common shares - diluted 186.8         184.3         181.8        Exclude dilutive shares related to convertible note transaction (10.0)        (9.2)        (7.3)      Non-GAAP weighted average common shares - diluted 176.8         175.2         174.5                                  (1)Restructuring and other consists of:    Quarter Ended          December 31, 2020       September 27, 2020       December 31, 2019        Contingent consideration fair value adjustment$(15.3)       $(27.2)       $(2.8)        Acquisition related expenses and compensation (0.9)        (1.1)        0.2         Employee severance 1.1         0.5         0.5         Contract termination settlement fee -         -         -         Other -         0.1         -           $(15.1)       $(27.7)       $(2.1)                                                            (2)For the quarters ended December 31, 2020, September 27, 2020, and December 31, 2019, Interest and other included non-cash convertible debt interest expense. For the quarters ended December 31, 2020, September 27, 2020, and December 31, 2019, adjustments to exclude actuarial (gain) loss recognized under GAAP in accordance with Teradyne's mark-to-market pension accounting. For the quarter ended December 31, 2019, adjustment to exclude impairment charge related to Realwear.                           (3)For the quarters ended December 31, 2020, September 27, 2020, and December 31, 2019, adjustment to exclude discrete income tax items.                           (4)For the quarters ended December 31, 2020, September 27, 2020, and December 31, 2019, the non-GAAP diluted EPS calculation adds back $1.3 million of convertible debt interest expense to non-GAAP net income, and non-GAAP weighted average diluted common shares include 8.9 million, 7.8 million, and 5.4 million shares, respectively, from the convertible note hedge transaction.                               Twelve Months Ended            December 31, 2020 % of Net Revenues     December 31, 2019 % of Net Revenues                                       Net Revenues$3,121.5        $2,295.0                                          Gross profit GAAP$1,785.7   57.2%     $1,339.8  58.4%             Inventory step-up 0.4   0.0%      0.4  0.0%            Gross profit non-GAAP$1,786.1   57.2%     $1,340.2  58.4%                                       Income from operations - GAAP$928.4   29.7%     $553.7  24.1%             Acquired intangible assets amortization 30.8   1.0%      40.1  1.7%             Restructuring and other (1) (13.2)  -0.4%      (13.9) -0.6%             Inventory step-up 0.4   0.0%      0.4  0.0%             Equity modification charge (2) 0.8   0.0%      2.1  0.1%            Income from operations - non-GAAP$947.2   30.3%     $582.4  25.4%                                               Net Income per Common Share     Net Income per Common Share            December 31, 2020 % of Net Revenues Basic Diluted December 31, 2019 % of Net Revenues Basic Diluted        Net income - GAAP$784.1   25.1% $4.72  $4.28  $467.5  20.4% $2.74  $2.60          Acquired intangible assets amortization 30.8   1.0%  0.19   0.17   40.1  1.7%  0.24   0.22          Interest and other (3) 14.4   0.5%  0.09   0.08   28.7  1.3%  0.17   0.16          Pension mark-to-market adjustments (3) 10.3   0.3%  0.06   0.06   8.2  0.4%  0.05   0.05          Restructuring and other (1) (13.2)  -0.4%  (0.08)  (0.07)  (13.9) -0.6%  (0.08)  (0.08)         Inventory step-up 0.4   0.0%  0.00   0.00   0.4  0.0%  0.00   0.00          Equity modification charge (2) 0.8   0.0%  0.00   0.00   2.1  0.1%  0.01   0.01          Exclude discrete tax adjustments (4) (15.2)  -0.5%  (0.09)  (0.08)  (22.6) -1.0%  (0.13)  (0.13)         Non-GAAP tax adjustments (11.9)  -0.4%  (0.07)  (0.07)  (16.7) -0.7%  (0.10)  (0.09)         Convertible share adjustment (5) -   -   -   0.25   -  -   -   0.11         Net income - non-GAAP$800.5   25.6% $4.82  $4.62  $493.8  21.5% $2.90  $2.86                                    GAAP and non-GAAP weighted average common shares - basic 166.1         170.4               GAAP weighted average common shares - diluted 183.0         179.5                Exclude dilutive shares from convertible note (8.5)        (4.9)              Non-GAAP weighted average common shares - diluted 174.5         174.6                                          (1)Restructuring and other consists of:    Twelve Months Ended                  December 31, 2020       December 31, 2019                Contingent consideration fair value adjustment$(23.3)       $(19.3)                Contract termination settlement fee 4.0         -                 Acquisition related expenses and compensation 2.5         2.5                 Employee severance 2.3         2.9                 Other 1.2         -                   $(13.2)       $(13.9)                                         (2)For the twelve months ended December 31, 2019, selling and administrative expenses include an equity charge for the modification of Teradyne's retired CFO's outstanding equity awards to allow continued vesting and maintain the original term in connection with his July 17, 2019 retirement.                           (3)For the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, Interest and other included non-cash convertible debt interest expense. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, adjustments to exclude actuarial (gain) loss recognized under GAAP in accordance with Teradyne's mark-to-market pension accounting. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2019, adjustment to exclude impairment charge related to Realwear.                           (4)For the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, adjustment to exclude discrete income tax items. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2019, income tax (benefit) provision includes a $26 million tax benefit from the release of uncertain tax position reserves due to the IRS completion of its audit of Teradyne's 2015 Federal tax return and includes a $15 million tax provision related to the finalization of our toll tax charge.                           (5)For the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the non-GAAP diluted EPS calculation adds back $5.3 million and $5.2 million, respectively, of convertible debt interest expense to non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP weighted average diluted common shares include 7.0 million and 2.7 million shares, respectively, from the convertible note hedge transaction.                           GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation of First Quarter 2021 guidance:                           GAAP and non-GAAP first quarter revenue guidance: $720 million to$780 million                   GAAP net income per diluted share $0.86  $1.00                    Exclude acquired intangible assets amortization  0.03   0.03                    Exclude non-cash convertible debt interest  0.02   0.02                    Tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments  (0.01)  (0.01)                   Convertible share adjustment  0.06   0.06                   Non-GAAP net income per diluted share $0.95  $1.11                                              For press releases and other information of interest to investors, please visit Teradyne's homepage at http://www.teradyne.com.  Contact:Teradyne, Inc.   Andy Blanchard 978-370-2425   Vice President of Corporate Relations                           Load-Date: January 27, 2021End of Document

How could China control the pandemic?CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 26, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 742 wordsBodyWhen we look at the evolution of covid-9 around the world and see the great difficulty in controlling it, the eyes turn to China, how quickly it was able to control it, becoming the only major economy that managed to grow last year, despite being China's worst growth since the start of the Reform and Opening process in 1978. But the increase in its GDP in the last quarter of 2020 was 6.5%, so it matched the values it had before the pandemic by giving a signal to the world that it is the first country to return to normal.The contagions reported by China since the start of the pandemic have not yet reached 100,000 in total, when in the US the average daily number of contagions is close to 200,000. This month, China reported the first covid-19 death since May, on the other hand the US has more than 3,200 daily dead on average in the past week. But how did China achieve these results?From the outing point, the decisions of the Asian giant's government were immediate and forceful. The isolation was strict and effective, the city of Wuhan was closed, and then continued with fifteen other cities, reaching almost half of the population throughout the country who had to stay at home for almost two months. In addition, the Chinese government demonstrated a great capacity for mass testing, reaching its record in October last year when 10 million people were tested in Qingdao City in just 5 days. Unlike other countries, china's political system has the advantage of making decisions that involve concentrating efforts for emergencies like this, which allowed them to use resources across the country to support Wuhan and cities with contagions. It was surprising, for example, the rapid construction of a network of 30 temporary hospitals with thousands of beds each and the conversion of stadiums into isolation centers, where all patients with covid-19 were admitted so that they would not have to isolate themselves in their homes with the possibility that they would infect their relatives. Moreover, for China, as the world's leading manufacturer of health equipment and equipment, it was easy to stock up on everything needed to combat covid-19. One of the most innovative measures was the implementation of "Health QR Code". This tool uses Big Data technology developed by Alibaba and Tencent to prevent and control covid-19. The massivity of its use was immediate as these companies added this QR Code to the two most used applications in China, which are Alipay – which is used to make payments online- and WeChat - similar to WhatsApp. This QR code works using three colors as a traffic light. The green code allows you to circulate freely. The yellow code requires the person to stay at home for 7 days, and the code red for 14 days. Those with these two colors must report their situation permanently and receive surprise visits at their homes. After that period, the yellow and red codes turn green. Color is defined based on places so each person was present, information that is obtained from telecommunications companies in China. If a person is in an area with a covid19 outbreak or if they were with someone who has yellow or red code, that person will become that color as well. Also all citizens have to update the QR code daily entering the body temperature.The use of barbijo was never in discussion, it was mandatory from the first contagions, this has made a difference with the rest of the countries. Much helped the existence of a greater awareness and custom of the use of it, both by the pollution that someChinese cities as for memories of sarS's first epidemic in 2002. Another highlight is that China has been strict in receiving people from abroad by requiring a 14-day quarantine at a government-designated hotel (the cost of it is borne by each person). Since all these measures are difficult to implement in other countries because of the great social, political and economic differences, but they serve to have as a reference and understand how they did it. And finally, we cannot ignore the importance of the common good in China as a value over individualism, which facilitated the commitment and responsibility of the population in the fight against covid-19.Diego Mazzoccone is Executive Director of the Latin American Center for Political and Economic Studies of China (CLEPEC). Master in International Economic Cooperation from the University of Economics and International Business (Beijing, China)Load-Date: January 27, 2021End of Document

Stock Weekly: American CryoStem (CRYO:68.0c) falls for a fourth consecutive week, a four-week fall of 28%News Bites US MarketsMarch 26, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 News Bites Pty Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 8615 wordsBodyAMERICAN WEEKLY STOCK REPORTAmerican CryoStem Corporation (OTCBB:CRYO), OTC's 2nd largest Biotechnology company by market cap, has fallen 4.0c (or 5.6%) on high volume to close at 68.0c. The stock fell for a fourth consecutive week on Friday bringing its a four-week fall to 27.0c or 28.4%. Compared with the NASDAQ-100 Index which rose 69.7 points (or 0.5%) in the four weeks, this represented a relative price change of -29.0%. The price ranged between a low of 67.0c on Mar 24 and a high of 76.0c on Mar 22. In the past four weeks the market cap has plunged by $12.3 million to $30.9 million. The volume was 0.1 times average trading per week of 387,365 shares. The Past Week:MarAmerican CryoStemClose price [$]Price change %Relative change % *CommentFri 19Price 8.7% below VWAP0.72-10.0-10.6Steepest FallMon 22Climbs 4.9% on rising relative strength0.764.93.2Week-high of 0.76; Top RiseTue 23Drops 7.3% on increasing volatility0.7-7.3-6.8Price fall on slipping relative strengthWed 24Falls for a second consecutive day, a two-day fall of 12%0.67-5.0-3.3Week-low of 0.67Thu 25Lifts 2.3%0.682.32.4Price/MAP50 above 1*  Relative change is price change of stock with respect to Benchmark Index, NASDAQ-100 index.CRYO Stock Dashboard [traded in US Dollars, USD]Mar 26 close68.0c [$ 1 = 100c]Market Cap$30.9 millionAve Daily Volume77,473 sharesEPS (FY2019)(2c)52-Week Range (In USD)0.07 - 1.18Shares Outstanding45,509,872SectorBiotechnologyCRYO Financials Summary: EPS improved to -2.0c in FY2019+    Net Loss improved from $1.5 million in FY2018 to $1.1 million in FY2019.+    Earnings Per Share (EPS) improved from -3.0c in FY2018 to -2.0c in FY2019. Year ended SepFY2019FY2018FY2017Sales ($)321,6471.1M1.9MPretax ($ M)(1.1)(1.5)(1.2)Net ($ M)(1.1)(1.5)(1.2)EPS ($)(0.02)(0.03)(0.03)DATA & ARCHIVE DOWNLOAD CENTERCRYO: EXCEL TABLES ARE AVAILABLE TO EXPORT DATA:click + PRICE VOLUME - 5-YEAR HISTORYclick http://www.buysellsignals.net/BuySellSignals/report/Usotc/Stock/PDF/quarterly/xls/CRYO_Institutional_Shareholder_Activity.xls"  greater than + INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS - CATEGORISED AND COMPLETE LIST OF INSTITUTIONS:click http://www.buysellsignals.net/BuySellSignals/report/Usotc/Stock/PDF/quarterly/xls/CRYO_History_Patents.xls"  greater than + PATENTS - CATEGORISED LIST OF 5-YEAR HISTORY OF 1 [INCLUDING IN CURRENT WEEK]: CRYO: LINKS IN HTML TO FURTHER INFORMATION:click + PRICE VOLUME CHARTS IN HTMLINDEXSECTION 1 CORPORATE PROFILESECTION 2 TODAY'S BULLISH SIGNALSSECTION 3 ONGOING BULLISH PARAMETERSSECTION 4 TODAY'S BEARISH SIGNALSSECTION 5 ONGOING BEARISH PARAMETERSSECTION 6 BOARD OF DIRECTORSSECTION 7 FINANCIALS FY 2019SECTION 8 PEER GROUP ANALYSIS & RANKINGSECTION 9 NEWS ARCHIVES (AUG 2017 - DEC 2020)GLOSSARYSECTION 1 CORPORATE PROFILE1.1 ActivitiesAmerican CryoStem Corp. is a biomedical company. The Company has developed a proprietary core processing platform to cryopreserve Adult Adipose Derived Stem Cells (ADSCs) and Adipose Tissue (AT) for future autologous (self) cellular treatments and therapies.1.2 Contact DetailsWebsitehttp://www.americancryostem.comPhysical Address1 Meridian Road Eatontown, NJ 07724Emailinfo@americancryostem.com1.3 Industry & SectorClassification LevelName of SectorBusiness SectorPharmaceuticals & Medical ResearchIndustry GroupBiotechnology & Medical ResearchIndustryBiotechnology & Medical ResearchEconomic SectorHealthcareSECTION 2 TODAY'S BULLISH SIGNALS2.1 Rank in the top 8% by Price Performance in the OTC marketDescriptionValueRankPrice/MAP501.32In Top 8%2.2 UptrendExponential Moving Average Price of 1.1 and positive MACD:- The Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) indicator of 12-day Exponential Moving Average (EMA) of 0.72 minus the 26-day EMA of 0.7 is positive, suggesting a bullish signal.- The price to 50-day EMAP ratio is 1.1, a bullish indicator. In the past 50 days this ratio has exceeded 1.1, 22 times suggesting further upside. The 50-day EMAP has increased to 60.77c. An increase is another bullish indicator.Past Quarter:- In the last three months the stock has hit a new 52-week high seven times, pointing to a significant uptrend. Relative Strength (6 months) 73 percentile:- The stock has a 6-month relative strength of 73 in the OTC market of 2,331 stocks and 1 unit indicating it has outperformed 73% of the market.SECTION 3 ONGOING BULLISH PARAMETERS3.1 Rank in the top 24% by Size in the OTC marketDescriptionValueRankAve daily Turnover$12,852In Top 24%3.2 Present Value of $1000 Invested in the Past [3 Mo, 1 Yr, 3 Yrs]; The Best Periods with PV$1000  greater than  1,171PV$1,0003 mo ago1 yr ago3 yrs agoCRYO.OTCBB$2,194$3,400$1,172Biotechnology sector$982$1,590$1,330NASDAQ-100 Index$1,009$1,644$1,9223.3 The Best Periods [3 Mo, 1 Yr] with Price Change %  greater than  119.31-Year price change of 240% for American CryoStem outperformed the change of 73.8% in the NASDAQ-100 index for a relative price change of 166.2%. Price Change %QuarterYearAmerican CryoStem119.4240Biotechnology sector-1.855.8NASDAQ-100 index2.173.83.4 Moving Annual Return of 240.0% in the past year:Moving Annual Return was 240.0% in the past year. Based on a dynamic start date of 2 years ago, the real rate of return has averaged 88.5%CRYOClose ($)Annual Return %Mar 260.68240.01 Yr ago0.2(63.0)Close 2 years ago 54.0c3.5 Annualised Period-based Total Shareholder Returns [TSR %]: The Best Periods with TSR  greater than  5.3%TSR %1 yr3 yrs5 yrs10 yrsCRYO.OTCBB2405.414.210.53.6 Increased Volume, up 492% in 5 yearsIn the past five years, Average Daily Volume of Trading (ADVT) has increased 491.7% to 77,473 shares. Avg. Daily Volume Traded 12 months ended Mar 26, thousand sharesYearADVT202177.5202013.4201911.1201818.6201713.13.7 Increased VWAP, up 15% in 5 yearsIn the past five years Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) has increased by 14.9% to 29.97c. . Past five years, 12 months ended Mar 26 (USD)YearHigh PriceVWAPLow Price20211.180.30.0720200.550.370.1520191.050.720.2620181.30.690.2420170.510.260.13.8 Increased share turnover, up 1,208% in 5 yearsIn the past five years, average daily share turnover has increased 1207.7% to $22,149. This suggests increased liquidity. Past five years, 12 months ended Mar 26 (USD thousand)YearAverage Daily Turnover202122.120203.520195.7201811.320171.73.9 Declining Days UntradedPast five years, 12 months ended Mar 26YearDays Untraded2021152020742019732018312017128Liquidity has improved from 128 Days Untraded five years ago to 15 days in the past year.SECTION 4 TODAY'S BEARISH SIGNALS4.1 Rank in the bottom 14% by Price Performance in the OTC marketDescriptionValueRank1-month Price Change %-28.4In Bottom 14%4.2 DowntrendPast Quarter:The Worst 3 weeks in the past quarterThe past month witnessed the worst 2 weeks in the past quarter. In the past quarter the steepest fall of 15.0% took place in the week beginning Monday January 18. The fall was exacerbated by volume of 1.2 times average.Mon-FriChange %NASDAQ-100 index Change %RPC %Vol Ind [1 is avg]Jan 18-22-154.4-19.41.2Mar 08-12-14.92.1-17.10.4Mar 01-05-8.4-1.9-6.51.6SECTION 5 ONGOING BEARISH PARAMETERS5.1 Rank in the bottom 19% by Size in the OTC marketDescriptionValueRankAnnual Revenue$321,647In Bottom 19%5.2 Total Shares on Issue: 5-Year Increase of 50%In the past 5 years total shares on issue have increased by 16.3 million (50%) from 32.6 million to 48.9 million. Based on a dynamic start date of 5 years ago, there has been no decline in issued capital over the last 5 years. An increase in total shares on issue is an unfavourable indicator in Joseph Piotroski's 9 indicators. Year End (Sep 30)Total Shares on Issue201948,915,644201846,216,368201737,973,803201635,879,124201533,044,333201432,607,0735.3 Satisfies 1 out of 9 criteria of Joseph Piotroski [pass mark 5]:- Improvement in gross margin [from 73.1% to 90.1%].SECTION 6 BOARD OF DIRECTORS6.1 Board and ManagementNameDesignationJohn ArnoneChief Executive Officer, President, Chairman, DirectorAnthony DudzinskiDirector, Chief Operating Officer, Company Secretary6.2 ProfilesJohn ArnoneCEO & President & Chairman & DirectorJohn Arnone, Chairman & CEO Mr. Arnone has been the Chairman of American CryoStem since 2008 and Chairman & CEO since 2011. Prior to his involvement in the life sciences / biotechnology industries he spent 25 years in the investment banking/financial services industry as an investment banker, and a hands-on investor. Over a 25 year period holding 6 NASD licenses, Mr. Arnone founded, managed and operated two general securities sbroker-dealers based in New York specializing in strategic planning, corporate structure, financial planning and new business development. Over the years Mr. Arnone has provided advisory and business management services as a founder, officer, director and/or shareholder to both mid-level and development stage private and public companies. Mr. Arnone also co-founded and operated a global entertainment distribution corporation with 120 employees that under Mr. Arnone's guidance was voted medium wholesaler of the year in the music industry (1997, 1998 and 2000) by the National Association of Recording Merchants. Mr. Arnone holds a degree in Business Administration and a BA. in Economics from Kean University in New Jersey.SECTION 7 FINANCIALS FY 20197.1 Annual Report (FY 2019): Key ParametersAmerican CryoStem reports Loss of $US1.1mRelease Date: January 21, 2020American CryoStem (OTCBB:CRYO) reported a loss for the year-ended 30 September 2019 of $US1.1m. Major changes compared with previous year:Favourable Changes:- Current Debtors to Total Assets up from 17% to 26%Unfavourable Changes:- Loss of $US1.1m- Total revenue down 71% from $US1.1m to $US321,647- EBIT Margin of -4,240.2%- Total revenue to total assets down from 0.9 to 0.2- Operating Cash Flow is negative- Long-term investments to Total Assets down from 24% to 23%Note:- Current ratio steady at 0.3- Intangibles to Total Assets up from 27% to 28%Year-on-year comparison of Performance RatiosSeptember 3020192018Change (%)Return on Assets (%)(84)(118)Improved 29Common Size Ratios by Assets %Total non-current assets to Total Assets70.670.9Down 0.4Total current assets to Total Assets29.429.1Up 0.9Intangibles to Total Assets28.026.7Up 4.9Current Debtors to Total Assets25.517.2Up 48.1Long-term investments to Total Assets23.223.8Down 2.4Common Size Ratios by Sales %Administration expenses to Sales2744.09910.3Down 72.3Sales and marketing expenses to Sales132.2831.9Down 84.1Cost of Goods Sold to Sales124.93498.1Down 96.4Profit before tax to Sales(4240.2)(17556.1)Up 75.87.2 Financial Results as reported (FY 2019)10-K RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION(In $US , except shares outstanding)INCOME STATEMENT AS REPORTED (FY 2019)Description$US$USSep 3020192018Change %RevenuesTissue Processing & Storage26,367570,908Down 95.4Product Sales25,5238,490Up 200.6Licensing Fees & Royalties269,757449,019Down 39.9Consulting Fees75,000Total Revenues321,6471,103,417Down 70.8Less Cost of Revenues-31,876-296,992Improved 89.3Gross Margin289,771806,425Down 64.1Operating ExpensesResearch & Development224,792341,516Down 34.2Laboratory Expense156,512179,476Down 12.8Sales & Marketing33,75470,630Down 52.2Professional Fees101,619171,536Down 40.8Stock Compensation Expense125,403613,638Down 79.6General & Administrative598,726669,847Down 10.6Total Operating Expenses1,240,8062,046,643Down 39.4Net Loss from Operations-951,035-1,240,218Improved 23.3Other Income (Expenses):Interest Income160Exchange Rate(Loss)-3,407-17,804Improved 80.9Gain/(Loss) on Settlements14,812-96,437Recovery(Loss) on Sale of Assets-5,883Foreign Taxes-4,117-32,303Improved 87.3Penalties-2,579-3,836Improved 32.8Interest Expense-66,516-74,914Improved 11.2Interest Expense (beneficial conversion feature-debenture)-63,652-25,000Deterioration 154.6Net Loss before Provision for Income Taxes-1,082,217-1,490,512Reduced 27.4Provision for Income TaxesNet Loss-1,082,217-1,490,512Reduced 27.4Basic & Fully Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Common Share:-2.0c-3.0cReduced 33.3Weighted Average of Common Shares Outstanding -Basic & fully diluted48,915,64446,216,368Up 5.8BALANCE SHEET AS REPORTED (FY 2019)Description$US$USSep 3020192018Change %ASSETSCurrent Assets:Cash23,80068,320Down 65.2Accounts Receivable - net of allowance for bad debt330,154217,318Up 51.9Other Receivable - Related Parties790Prepaid Expenses48,931Inventory25,85533,698Down 23.3Total Current Assets379,809369,057Up 2.9Other Assets:Other Receivable159Investment in Autogenesis - at cost1,000Investment in Baoxin - at cost300,000300,000SteadySecurity Deposit13,54013,540SteadyPatents and Patents Development - net of accumulated amortization362,490337,962Up 7.3Fixed Assets - net of accumulated depreciation238,078244,707Down 2.7914,108897,368Up 1.9Total Assets1,293,9171,266,425Up 2.2LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITYCurrent Liabilities:Accounts Payable & Accrued Expenses321,738307,214Up 4.7Legal & Accounting Payable97,23565,561Up 48.3Consultants Payable189,227131,667Up 43.7Bridge Notes Payable226,500226,500SteadyConvertible Notes Payable398,500323,500Up 23.2Equipment Lease Payable35,67331,001Up 15.1Deferred Revenues23,33326,667Down 12.5Total Current Liabilities1,292,2061,112,110Up 16.2Long Term Liabilities:Convertible Notes Payable - Net of Debt Discount102,28825,000Up 309.2Equipment Lease Payable26,72262,386Down 57.2Accrued Executive Salaries900,186660,186Up 36.4Payable to Related Parties210,520107,189Up 96.41,239,716854,761Up 45.0Total Liabilities2,531,9221,966,871Up 28.7Commitments and ContingenciesShareholders' Deficit:Preferred Stock -.0001 par value 50000000 shares authorized 0 shares issued and outstanding at September 30 2019 and 2018Common Stock -.001 par value 300000000 shares authorized 49387918 shares issued and outstanding at September 30 2019 and 48196210 issued and outstanding at September 30 201849,38948,197Up 2.5Additional Paid in Capital13,931,50013,388,034Up 4.1Accumulated Deficit-15,218,894-14,136,677Deterioration 7.7Total Shareholders' Deficit-1,238,005-700,446Deterioration 76.7Total Liabilities & Shareholders' Deficit1,293,9171,266,425Up 2.2CASH FLOW AS REPORTED (FY 2019)Description$US$USSep 3020192018Change %Operating Activities:Net loss-1,082,217-1,490,512Improved 27.4Adjustments to reconcile net loss items not requiring the use of cash:Bad Debt Expense10,935707Up 1,446.7Interest Paid with Common Stock50,391Bill Paid with Common Stock27,500Loss on Settlement of Legal Bill96,437Stock Compensation125,403613,638Down 79.6Depreciation & Amortization Expense32,00226,981Up 18.6Interest Expense- Beneficial Conversion Feature63,65225,000Up 154.6Loss on Investment1,000Changes in operating assets and liabilitiesAccounts receivable-123,771-46,165Deterioration 168.1Other Receivable - Related Parties949-949RecoveryPrepaid expense48,93194,498Down 48.2Inventory7,843-5,994RecoveryAccounts Payable and Accrued Expenses103,759277,595Down 62.6Salaries Payable240,000233,288Up 2.9Deferred Revenue-3,3341,003DeteriorationNet cash used by operations-496,957-174,473Deterioration 184.8Investing activities:Patents development-29,855-44,242Improved 32.5Investment in Baoxin-300,000Purchase of lab equipment & furniture-20,047-180,732Improved 88.9Net cash used by investing activities-49,902-524,974Improved 90.5Financing activities:Issuance of common shares280,000Options exercised165,500Issuance of convertible note150,000100,000Up 50.0Proceeds form Capital lease102,790Pay down Capital Lease-30,992-9,403Deterioration 229.6Payable to related party103,331-1,462RecoveryNet cash provided by financing activities502,339357,425Up 40.5Net change in cash-44,520-342,022Improved 87.0Cash balance at beginning of the period68,320410,342Down 83.4Cash balance at end of the period23,80068,320Down 65.2SECTION 8 PEER GROUP ANALYSIS & RANKING8.1  Global Peer Group (all figures in $): Key FinancialsIn its Global Peer Group of 9 companies CRYO is ranked second by Net Profit, fourth by Relative Str. (6 mo), fifth by MCap, Revenue and eighth by Total Assets.Name (Code)Relative Str. (6 mo)MCapPV $1000 (1 yr)RevenueNet ProfitTotal AssetsRank of CRYO45528American CryoStem (CRYO)9130.9M321,647(1.1M)1.3MLevel Biotechnology (3118)5035.2M1,537.022.1M1.4M23.9MAdial Pharmaceuticals (ADIL)9134.4M1,927.4(8.6M)7.7MJaguar Health (JAGX)9934.1M3,433.55.8M(44.7M)36.4MCYXONE (CYXO)3633.1M2,102.54,183.3(4.1M)8.7MIterum Therapeutics (ITRM)9329.9M587.5(52M)32.8MgenOway (ALGEN)8929.8M2,609.311.2M(1.2M)22.6MLumito AB (LUMITO)1629.6M1,082.8Covalon Technologies (COV)5328.3M1,258.720.5M(5.5M)27.6MGlobal Peer Group: Relative Value IndicatorsCRYO is ranked fourth by P/S and eighth by Turnover Rate.Name (Code)Country CodeLast PriceP/SP/BookTurnover Rate (%)% Disc to 52-w HiRank of CRYO48American CryoStem (CRYO)US68.0c96.27.442.4Level Biotechnology (3118)TWTWD31.052.0304.225.7Adial Pharmaceuticals (ADIL)US$2.394.82,151.340.2Jaguar Health (JAGX)US$1.846.017,114.558.2CYXONE (CYXO)SESEK5.297,933.54.8138.938.5Iterum Therapeutics (ITRM)US$1.4110,854.676.4genOway (ALGEN)FREUR3.592.76.8320.653.4Lumito AB (LUMITO)SESEK3.41203.354.8Covalon Technologies (COV)CACAD1.381.4-4.032.48.2 BuySellSignals Fundamentals Valuation Ranking: American CryoStem vs OTC MarketOut of 2,331 stocks and 1 unit in the OTC Market, American CryoStem is ranked 320th by Revenue, 897th by Market Cap $, 1636th by Net Profit $ and 1641st by Discount to 52-Wk High.OTC AvgCRYORankRank 1Rank 2Rank 3Lowest RankRevenue $-321,64732016.7 B FMCC2.1 B INTEQ1.8 B RRTS48 FCCNMarket Cap $-30.9 M897353.3 B NSRGF340.8 B DBOEF37 GVDINet Profit $-(1.1 M)16363.9 B INGVF3.1 B GNPG2.6 B UNLYFDiscount to 52-Wk High (%)-320.942.4164199.8 RNVA99.3 OPUS99.04 CDIX0.03 AMSAPremium to 52-Wk Low (%)531.1871.427771.6 FPVTF1.7 RGRNF2 CSBI-Negative values are shown in brackets.8.3 Global Rank [out of 47,975 stocks] and Rank of American CryoStem in the American Region [out of 11,992 stocks]DescriptionValueGlobal RankIn Am RegionMCap ($)30.9M32,6637,134Total Assets ($)1.3M40,6068,326Revenue ($)321,64737,1926,840Net Profit ($)(1.1M)31,8425,825$ Change (1Year) %240.04,5031,5358.4 Rank of American CryoStem in the Total OTC Market [out of 2689 stocks] and in the Biotechnology sector [out of 25 stocks]DescriptionValueIn Total OTC MarketIn Biotechnology sectorMCap ($)30.9M6895Total Assets ($)1.3M6359Revenue ($)321,6475875Net Profit ($)(1.1M)5869PV1000 (1Year) $3,40042778.5 Long-Term Fundamental Ranking: 3 out of 5 [5 is best]American CryoStem is ranked number 5 out of 53 listed biotechnology companies in the United States with a market capitalization of $30.9 million. In the biotechnology companies it has the 17th  highest total assets and 4th  highest revenues. Stocks are scored on a set of parameters reflecting fundamental analytical tools involving valuation, size and financial performance. They are ranked according to the average values of those parameters. The highest ranking is 5 and the lowest ranking is 1.SECTION 9 NEWS ARCHIVES (AUG 2017 - DEC 2020)9.1 LitigationSeptember 24 2020: American CryoStem Announces: FDA has cleared its Investigational New Drug (IND) for Post-Concussion Syndrome for Phase I Clinical TrialEATONTOWN, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / September 23, 2020 / American CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK:CRYO) is a clinical stage biotechnology company, global licensor, and a pioneer in autologous cellular therapy processing. The Company has developed proprietary products and services to advance its end-to-end personalized cellular therapy platform consisting of the collection - processing - cryobanking - return to point-of-care of adipose tissue and adipose-derived mesenchymal stems cells.Source: Company WebsiteSeptember 18 2019: American CryoStem Announces: FDA Accepted its Investigational New Drug Application for Post Concussion SyndromeEATONTOWN, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / September 18, 2019 / American CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK: CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular products and technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, announced today that it has submitted its first Investigational New Drug Application application for its ATCell(TradeMark) product (the "Investigational Drug"), to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).The FDA's acceptance for review of American CryoStem's IND application is a significant milestone for the Company and represents a meaningful step forward in the treatment of patients suffering from Post Concussion Syndrome ("PCS"), and for the advancement of Regenerative Medicine. We are now one step closer to obtaining approval to treat patients with a cellular therapy derived from the patient's own adipose tissue. ATCell(TradeMark), autologous adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells, is positioned to be a valid therapeutic modality to treat PCS, offering a cellular therapy option to patients not responding to the current standard of medical care.Source: Company WebsiteDecember 14 2018: American CryoStem to file Investigational New Drug Application with FDAEATONTOWN, NJ / December 13, 2018 / American CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK: CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular products and technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced that it has completed its Pre-IND discussions with the FDA concerning its ongoing work to file an Investigational New Drug Application (IND) titled:"Expanded Autologous, Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Deployed via Intravenous Infusion for the Treatment of Chronic Post Concussive Syndrome (CCS) in Retired Athletes and Retired US Military Servicemen" utilizing its fully patented collect-process-store-return to point of care platform.Source: Company Website9.2 Funding/CapitalJune 29 2020: American CryoStem Announces the Conversion of Debenture into Equity and Sale into the MarketThe debt issuance has been executed in accordance with the terms of the Debenture contained in the Company's 10-Q through the issuance of common shares in order to preserve cash available to fund ongoing operations.As the US economy improves and physicians' offices re-open the Company foresees its cGMP laboratory processing cellular samples by late summer despite the Covid-19 pandemic and its associated shutting down of the American economy.Source: Company Website9.3 Intellectual PropertyDecember 04 2018: American CryoStem Receives Final Patent to Complete its Core Cellular PlatformEATONTOWN, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / December 4, 2018 / American CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK: CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular products and technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced receipt from the USPTO of the Issue Notification for our Patent titled "Systems and Methods for the Digestion of Adipose Tissue Samples from a Client for Cryopreservation" for Application No. 13/646,647 (the "Digestion Patent") which will be formally issued on December 18, 2018.With the granting of this Intellectual Property, the Company's third major patent covering our methods of Collection, Processing, Expansion, Cell Culture Medium, Cryogenic Storage and Distribution of adipose tissue and adipose-derived stem cells, the Company has successfully patented its entire Core Tissue and Cellular platform from the origination of the harvested tissue sample at the physician's office to the final cellular processing, storage and return of the sample.The Company's patented tissue and cellular process platform provides it with the ability to deliver high-quality cellular treatment samples (ATCELL(TradeMark)) with cellular biomarker identification through flow cytometry consistently in excess of 97%. The Company believes this cellular consistency is necessary to support the Company's ongoing efforts to submit and achieve regulatory approvals for its ATCELL(TradeMark) product domestically and through its Licensed affiliates in China, Japan, Hong Kong and Thailand.The Company's core three patents include; this Digestion Patent with granted claims covering the creation and makeup of the final stem cell sample(s), The Business Method patent granted in 2018 protecting the Company's developed proprietary materials including its CELLECT(Registered) collection kits and proprietary sample handling and shipping methods, and the Company's Medium patent initially granted in 2011 for 12 types of non-animal medium, with additional claims granted in 2016.Management believes that the granted Digestion Patent combined with its previously issued Cell Culture and Business Method patents validate and protect the Company's long-term scientific investment into the development of its systematic approach for the creation of tissue and cellular therapies aimed at the global regenerative and cellular therapy market.August 21 2018: American CryoStem Announces Receipt of Key Business Method Patent for its Cellular PlatformAmerican CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK: CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced receipt of Patent No. US 10,014,079 B2 "Business Method for Collecting, Processing, Cryogenic Storage, and Distribution of a Biologic Sample Material" from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for U.S. patent application 13/702.304 covering the Company's methods of Collection, Processing, Cryogenic Storage and Distribution of adipose tissue and adipose derived stem cells.Management believes that the granted claims protect the Company's long term scientific investment into the creation of a standardized approach for the creation of cellular therapies aimed at the global regenerative and cellular therapy market. The Company is focused on using these patented technologies to further support CRYO's current tissue banking services, international licensee partner's platforms and submission of future autologous stem cell clinical studies to the US FDA as the gold standard for the harvesting, processing and return of a patient's autologous stem cells.The Business Method patent was developed to protect CRYO's core technology platform; collect, process, store and return of stem cell samples to physicians at the "point of care". The Claims cover the Company's developed proprietary materials including its CELLECT(Registered) collection kits, transport mediums, cryopreservation medium and proprietary shipping methods designed for both autologous and non-autologous biologic samples. This granted patent is the second of CRYO's three core technology patent filings that when viewed together cover the Company's business model, methods and materials that have been designed to support expansion of the delivery of the high quality cellular therapy samples to the rapidly growing cellular therapy market.John Arnone, CEO stated, "We are pleased that we have achieved this milestone with the issuance of this patent.March 27 2018: Cryo Announces Notice of Allowance of Claims for Its Core PatentEATONTOWN, NJ / / March 27, 2018 /American CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK:CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced receiving a Notice of Allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for U.S. patent application 13/702.304 related to methods of Collection, Processing, Cryogenic Storage and Distribution of a Biologic Sample.The Business Method patent was developed to protect our, core technology platform; collect, process, store and return of stem cell samples to physicians, "point of care". Additionally, the Claims cover the Company's developed methods and materials including its CELLECT collection kits, transport mediums, cryopreservation of biologics and proprietary shipping methods designed for both autologous and non-autologous biologic samples.John Arnone, CEO stated, "We are pleased that we have achieved this milestone with the issuance of these allowed claims. Since our inception we have been focused on efficient methods to advance Personalized Medicine. This is the culmination of many years of laboratory work and significant investment in our research to streamline the platform. He continued, "We believe that this is a major development for the protection of our technology, as the industry advances others may use the complete or select modules of the platform to deliver their biologic products and cellular treatments."Source: Nasdaq Stock ExchangeAugust 09 2017: American Cryostem Expands Acselerate Max(TM) Cell Culture Medium Patent CoverageEATONTOWN, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / August 8, 2017/American CryoStem Corporation (OTC-PINK:CRYO), a leading developer and marketer of patented adipose tissue-based cellular technologies for the regenerative and personalized medicine industries with laboratories in New Jersey, Tokyo, Hong Kong and Shenzhen, China, today announced that it has expanded its patent coverage for its premier growth medium, ACSelerate MAXTM Mesenchymal Stem Cell Culture Medium.Source: Nasdaq Stock Exchange9.4 Press ReleasesDecember 02 2020: American CryoStem Announces Patient Recruitment and Additional Sub-Investigator for its Post-Concussion Syndrome (PCS) Phase I Clinical TrialAmerican CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK: CRYO) a clinical stage biotechnology company, global licensor and a pioneer in autologous cellular processing and therapies announced today that it has commenced recruiting subjects for its IND Phase I Clinical Trial and added an additional sub-investigator to the ATCELL(TradeMark) Clinical Trial team.The Company's autologous mesenchymal stem cell infusion therapy ("Investigational Drug") development is part of a single center study under the protocol entitled: ATCell(TradeMark) Expanded Autologous, Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Deployed via Intravenous Infusion for the Treatment of Post-Concussion Syndrome (PCS) in Retired Military and Athletes.Dr. Rand McClain will join the previously announced Investigator team of Dr. Peter Hanson and Dr. Tal David (Principal Investigators) and Jason Baille, PhD, Dr. Rakhesh Guttikonda and Dr. Thomas C. Anderson III as sub-investigators.Source: Company WebsiteJune 30 2020: Quarterly Activities Report: American CryoStem Cash Balance increases 20%The Cash Burn of operating activities was USD419,804 for the nine months ended June 30, 2020. This corresponds to an average Cash Burn Rate of USD46,645 per month.April 02 2020: American CryoStem to Develop ATCELL(TradeMark) Clinical Study for Duchene Muscular Dystrophy with RACEMDAmerican CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK: CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular products and technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced that it has that it has entered into a license and collaboration agreement to apply American CryoStem technologies for the development therapy in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy ("DMD") patients. These include autogolous (the patient's own) cell retrieval, storage, expansion and multiple administrations as well as potential use of the American CryoStem's mesenchymal stem cell product, ATCELL(TradeMark). RaceMD, is a 501(c)3 charitable organization focused on the urgent development, clinical study and delivery of novel treatments to Duchene Muscular Dystrophy patients. RaceMD investigators will collaborate with CRYO laboratory staff and scientists in the development of an accelerated clinical study protocol to be filed with the US FDA.Source: Company WebsiteMarch 31 2020: Quarterly Activities Report: American CryoStem Cash Balance decreases 52.9%The Cash Burn of operating activities was USD648,554 for the six months ended March 31, 2020. This corresponds to an average Cash Burn Rate of USD108,092 per month.December 31 2019: Quarterly Activities Report: American CryoStem Cash Balance increases 245.4%The Cash Burn of operating activities was US$268,572 in the quarter ended December 31, 2019. This corresponds to an average Cash Burn Rate of US$89,524 per month.December 06 2019: American CryoStem Corporation Issues Shareholder LetterAmerican CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK:CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular products and technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, issues the following letter on behalf of the CEO:Dear Fellow Shareholders: Business Partners and Friends:Nearing the end of 2019, I want to take this opportunity to inform you about several industry and corporate developments that were initiated and/or came to fruition in 2019. These developments should reflect positively for American CryoStem in 2020. During fiscal 2019, CRYO began transitioning its FDA registered laboratory facility from tissue bank status to full biologics manufacturer by upgrading our main laboratory facility in New Jersey. Additionally, the Company filed its first Investignational New Drug (IND) Application with the FDA, for its ATCELL(TradeMark) adipose derived mesenchymal cellular therapy product, a major milestone for the Company and patients. We believe that with our core patents, significant growth for the Companys future lies in utilizing customers newly processed or stored adipose tissue/stem cells to create personalized regenerative medicine applications.Source: Company WebsiteSeptember 12 2019: American CryoStem Engages BioSolutions Clinical Research Center, LLC. and Principal Investigator for Chronic Concussive Syndrome INDEATONTOWN, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / September 11, 2019 / American CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK:CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular products and technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced that it has contracted with BioSolutions Clinical Research Center, LLC. ("BioSolutions") to conduct a clinical study ("Study") of ATCELL(TradeMark) ("Investigational Drug") as part of a single center study under a protocol entitled: ATCell(TradeMark) Expanded Autologous, Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Deployed via Intravenous Infusion for the Treatment of Post Concussion Syndrome (PCS) in Retired Military and Athletes during CRYOs Investigational New Drug (IND) filing with the FDA.Source: Company WebsiteAugust 22 2019: American CryoStem Engages IRB for IND Filling with the FDAAmerican CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK:CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular products and technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced that it has engaged The Institute of Regenerative Cellular Medicine (IRCM) www.ircm.org to perform the Institutional Review Board (IRB) requirement related to the Company's Investigational New Drug (IND) filing with the FDA, titled; " ATCell(TradeMark) Expanded Autologous Adipose Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells deployed via Intravenous Infusion for the Treatment of Post Concussion Syndrome (PCS) in Retired Athletes and Military Personnel".Source: Nasdaq Stock ExchangeMarch 20 2019: American CryoStem Completes Cooperative Framework Agreement to Expand Market Presence in JapanAmerican CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK: CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular products and technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced that it has completed a Cooperative Framework Agreement with Shonan Beauty Clinic, and MEDINET Co., Ltd. which will provide CRYO with greater access to Japanese consumers for its ATGRAFT(Registered) Tissue Processing and Storage, Regenerative Medicine products and cellular platform services.Shonan Beauty Clinic (www.s-b-c.net) is the largest chain of plastic surgery clinics in Japan. Available treatments include breast augmentation, liposuction, fat transfer, skin care, gynecology, whitening, hair transplant, eyelids and gender-change operations.MEDINET Co., Ltd. (www.medinet-inc.co.jp) is one of the largest cell-processing enterprises and established Contract Development and Manufacturing organizations (CDMO) based in Yokohama, Japan. MEDINET possesses a GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) / GCTP (Good Gene, Cellular, and Tissue-based Products Manufacturing Practice) compliant facility and provides a variety of services including cell processing and process development from the pre-clinical research stage to the commercialization stage. MEDINET services medical institutions, research facilities, and biopharmaceutical companies for the biotech industry.The Agreement outlines the parties responsibilities and general terms for the implementation of the Company's core ATGRAFT(Registered) tissue, collection, processing and banking platform services to be delivered through the Shonan Beauty Clinic's chain of 90 clinics with MEDINET as a CDMO. Financial terms are subject to final Licensee Agreements to be executed between the parties.John Arnone, Chairman, and CEO of American CryoStem commented, "We continue to be focused on our international operations in locations that have large consumer bases interested in natural beauty solutions in the plastic, cosmetic and aesthetic surgical enhancement and regenerative market.July 12 2018: American CryoStem Announces Launch of ATGRAFT in ChinaEATONTOWN, NJ July 12, 2018 / American CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK: CRYO), a leading strategic application developer, marketer, and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular technologies, for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today announced the national launch of CRYO's ATGRAFTTM tissue collection, processing and storage technology by Baoxin Asia Pacific Biotechnology (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. ("Baoxin") in China. John Arnone, CEO and Anthony Dudzinski, COO, of CRYO traveled throughout south east China with the management and marketing team of Baoxin to present the ATGRAFTTM platform to leading plastic and cosmetic surgery hospitals in Shenzhen, Nanning, Guangzhou, Guangxi and Changsha. Additionally, Mr. Arnone and Mr. Dudzinski, attended the signing of investment documents between Baoxin and Chinese government and Banking officials in Shenzhen, China as well as the official launch presentation and evening gala hosted by Baoxin in Shenzhen. Baoxin is being financed by a combination of China's CITIC Group and the China Development Bank.American CryoStem Corporation is one of the largest commercial personal tissue banks globally, focused exclusively on the processing and storage of adipose tissue and the regenerative cells the tissue contains. The China launch activities are in support of the Company's previously announced licensing and supply agreement with Baoxin, under which Baoxin will pay the Company a minimum annual guarantee against a fixed fee per process and purchase certain necessary consumables from CRYO required for the collection, processing and storage of the collected adipose tissue. Under the terms of the Agreements signed in Fiscal 2017, CRYO invested in and currently holds five percent (5%) of Baoxin shares. Additionally, Mr.January 16 2018: American Cryostem Corporation 2017 Year End UpdateEATONTOWN, NJ / / January 16, 2018 / American CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK:CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today released Summary corporate and financial highlight information regarding the Company's Year ending September 30, 2017;"American CryoStem's 2017 results reflect our continued focus on revenue production and cost control in all of the revenue segments of the company. We will continue to expand our tissue processing marketing efforts and the further development of our products and standardization of our laboratory operations," stated Anthony Dudzinski, COO, he continued "we will also continue to seek cost savings through our ongoing efforts to minimize laboratory expenses by optimizing processing efficiencies and potential outsourcing opportunities."John S. Arnone, CEO stated, "We are very optimistic about the state of the Regenerative Medicine Industry globally as we enter 2018. We have seen a steady increase of new international companies seeking to license our turn-key stem cell collect-process-store program and associated Intellectual Property utilizing our proprietary products and services to create processing and storage facilities." Arnone further stated, "In 2018 we look forward to expanding our US based physician network, patient adipose tissue and stem cell storages, increasing our global laboratory licensing program and continuing an organization-wide initiative to create new products and optimize our internal quality systems and processes."Source: Nasdaq Stock ExchangeJanuary 08 2018: American CryoStem Statement on the Receipt of a Warning Letter from FDAEATONTOWN, NJ / / January 8, 2018 /American CryoStem Corporation (PINK SHEETS:CRYO)) today issued a statement acknowledging that it has received a warning letter issued by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) dated January 3, 2018 relating to its adipose derived stem cell product and its production facilities. This action follows the earlier inspections of the Company's New Jersey facility by the agency between July 17 and July 26, 2017.CRYO CEO, John Arnone commented, "We take any comments or suggestions by the U.S. FDA very seriously. We have initiated the changes in response to the FDA's initial observations dated July 26, 2017. With regard to quality and cGMP compliance matters, we stand by our commitment to fully comply with the cGMP quality standards at our facility. We will further respond with an updated comprehensive plan to address FDA's updated observations contained in the letter received January 3, 2018, within the stipulated time-frame of 15 business days. We will actively engage with the agency to resolve these issues and continue to improve our quality systems and processes, as an organization-wide priority."We consider the agency our partners with the goal of ensuring healthcare safety. In alignment with this commitment, we have made it an organization-wide priority initiative to continually optimize quality systems and processes, including completing and submitting an Investigational New Drug (IND) application.Source: Nasdaq Stock ExchangeJanuary 04 2018: FDA warns American CryoStem Corporation of significant deviations related to its unapproved stem cell product, AtcellSILVER SPRING, Md., Jan. 4, 2018 /-USNewswire/ -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today posted a warning letter issued to American CryoStem Corporation of Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, and its Chairman/Chief Executive Officer, John S. Arnone, for marketing an adipose derived stem cell product without FDA approval and for significant deviations from current good manufacturing practice requirements, including some that raise potential significant safety concerns, putting patients at risk."As part of our comprehensive policy framework for the efficient development and regulation of cell-based regenerative medicine, we're going to be stepping up enforcement activities against those who manufacture and market products in ways that put patients at risk," said FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb, M.D. "We see great promise from the field of cell based regenerative medicine, but there are also novel risks. Our goal is to implement our new policy framework in a way that helps this promising field advance, while making sure that we address issues that can put patients at risk. It also means taking an efficient, risk-based approach to making sure that products undergoing more than minimal manipulation, which makes them subject to FDA's review and approval, and particularly products intended to treat serious and/or life-threatening disease or conditions, must prove that they deliver the benefits they're promising to patients."Source: Nasdaq Stock ExchangeSeptember 25 2017: American CryoStem Secures a Major Contract in Mainland ChinaEATONTOWN, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / September 25, 2017 /American CryoStem Corporation (PINK SHEETS:CRYO) today announced a major transaction in mainland China with Health Innovative Technology of Hong Kong (HIT). After more than two years as CRYO's licensee in Hong Kong, HIT has licensed the patent rights to distribute the Company's ATGRAFT and CELLECT platform in mainland China.To facilitate the expansion, CRYO has extended the licensing and distribution agreement with HIT to establish two additional entities; Health Innovative Technology Shenzhen (HITSZ) and Baoxin Asia Pacific Biotechnology Co, LTD (Baoxin), which will develop, own and operate multiple laboratory/treatment/training facilities in China.CRYO has received an upfront fee of $300,000 USD and a 5-year minimum annual guarantee of $500,000 USD per year. Additionally, as part of the transaction CRYO will obtain a minority equity stake in Baoxin, (China) and up to a 20% equity ownership interest in the Regenerative Medicine center in Hong Kong (HK).Source: Nasdaq Stock ExchangeSeptember 12 2017: COO Tony Dudzinski Highlights American CryoStem's Path to Current and Future SuccessEatontown, NJ., , Sept. 12, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tony Dudzinski, COO of American CryoStem Corp. (OTCPink:CRYO) interviews on the Uptick Network Stock Day Podcast with Host Everett Jolly. On the interview, Mr. Dudzinski elaborates the differences of the CryoStem process compared to other products and processes in the regenerative medicine industry. Additionally, he discusses the current regulatory clinical study path to receive approval for regenerative medicine treatments in the United States and how they differ from other countries that have more advanced market and regulatory frameworks. Continuing the conversation, Mr. Dudzinski highlights the current tight regulations of the FDA in the US and how CryoStem is addressing the regulator requirements to advance its products and services that require regulatory approval. He also expressed the Company's desire to work with the FDA to try to find a new regulatory path to make regenerative and cellular therapies more accessible to the US patient population. Mr. Dudzinski reviews the ongoing promotion of their products and services and how the addition of new manufacturing contracts may provide opportunities to increase sales. Furthermore, Mr. Dudzinski overviews the continuing process of the growing referral business in their patient and physician networks and how the Company has hired new sales reps to support and grow these new relationships with patients and physicians interested in providing cosmetic and regenerative medicine treatments to their patients.To listen to the full interview click here or the following link: https://upticknewswire.com/featured-interview-coo-tony-dudzinski-of-american-cryostem-corp-otcpink-cryo-2About American CryoStem CorporationAmerican CryoStem Corporation (OTC PINK:CRYO) was founded in 2008, and has evolved to become a biotechnology pioneer, standardizing adipose tissue derived technologies (Adult Stem Cells) for the fields of Regenerative and Personalized Medicine.August 22 2017: American CryoStem Corporation Announces Financial Results for Q3 Fiscal 2017EATONTOWN, NJ / ACCESSWIRE / August 22, 2017 /American CryoStem Corporation (OTC-PINK:CRYO) a leading strategic developer, marketer and global licensor of patented adipose tissue-based cellular technologies for the Regenerative and Personalized Medicine industries, today released summary financial highlight information regarding the Company's nine months ending June 30, 2017 versus the same nine month period in fiscal 2016, http://www.americancryostem.com/sec-filings:Anthony Dudzinski, COO stated, "We have seen a continued increase in our processing volume revenue for our ATGRAFT tissue storage platform, as well as from individuals storing their stem cells during the quarter ended June 30, 2017. This revenue contributed to the Company's outstanding results for the nine month period. We continue to expand our domestic physician network base and seek new international territories with licensees seeking to establish our adipose tissue (fat) based collect-process-store and stem cell platform in their country."About American CryoStem CorporationSource: Nasdaq Stock ExchangeAugust 14 2017: COO Anthony Dudzinski was Interviewed on Uptick Network on Product Importance and Company ImprovementsEatontown, NJ , Aug. 14, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- COO Anthony Dudzinski was Interviewed on Uptick Network on Product Importance and Company ImprovementsEatontown, NJ Eatontown, NJ (UPTICK Newswire - August 14, 2017) - American CryoStem Corp. (OTC:Ticker CRYO) COO, Anthony (Tony) Dudzinski was interviewed on the Uptick Network Stock Day Podcast with host Everett Jolly. Mr. Dudzinski reviews the company's background in regenerative medicine, the body's ability to heal and improve self-sufficiency with its own tissues. He continued explaining the roll the company's 17 patents play in the course of the company's procedures. Mr. Dudzinski elaborated on the strategy of expansion to affiliates internationally in Hong Kong and Japan and the positive impact this will have on the company's revenue development.In closing Mr. Dudzinski stated, "We have developed a a unique cellular processing platform of our development and patented technology for licensing to generate stable revenues. Moving forward and we believe the licensing revenue will assist American CryoStem in supporting itself without having to continually go back to the well, increase float and increase dilution to existing shareholders," Mr. Dudzinski continued, "we have a great set of core shareholders our strategy is to move forward and increase the value for our investors."Source: Nasdaq Stock ExchangeGLOSSARYADVT: Average Daily Volume of shares TradedAnnual Return: Dividends Paid In a 12-Month Period/Price at the Beginning of the Period + Capital Gain or Loss over 1 Year/Price 1 Year Ago (%)Current Ratio: Current Assets/Current Liabiliites (times)EBIT Margin : Earnings Before Interest and Tax/Revenue (%)Moving Average Price (n periods): Sum of Prices for each Period/Number of PeriodsPV1000: Present value of 1000 invested 1 year/'n' years agoPrice Close/Moving Avg Price: Latest Price/Moving Average PricePrice/Sales: Share Price/Sales Per Share (times)Relative Price Change [RPC]: Relative price change is price change of stock with respect to Benchmark IndexRelative Strength (6 Months): Price close today/Price close 6 months ago, then ranked by percentile within the entire market.Return on Assets: Net Profit/Total Assets (%)TSR: Total Shareholder Returns is expressed as an annualized rate of return for shareholders after allowing for capital appreciation and dividendTTM: Trailing 12 MonthsTurnover Rate: value of annual trading volume as a percentage of market capitalisationVolatility: Highest Price minus Lowest Price/Lowest Price (%)Volume Index (VI): Number of shares traded in the period/Average number of shares traded for the periodVolume Weighted Average Price (VWAP): The Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) is the summation of turnover divided by total volume in the same period.Created by www.buysellsignals.comLoad-Date: March 26, 2021End of Document

Dow Jones Today, Stocks Rally Toward Biden Inauguration; Netflix Boosts Disney; China Stocks Rally As Jack Ma ReturnsInvestor's Business DailyJanuary 20, 2021Copyright 2021 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: STOCK MARKET TODAYLength: 1197 wordsByline: ALAN R. ELLIOTTBodyhttps://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/stock-Washington-Monument-01-adobe.jpgStocks launched an inauguration-day rally Wednesday, as Netflix earnings and rising China stocks bolstered early trade. President Donald Trump exited the White House early Wednesday, ahead of the inauguration of President-elect Joe Biden. China stocks continued their recent rally, led by Alibaba Group, which surged as founder Jack Ma resurfaced. Strong fourth-quarter subscriber growth sent Netflix stock soaring, and also helped boost Walt Disney to the top of the Dow Jones today.The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 145 points, up about 0.4% with Walgreens Boost Alliance and Caterpillar trading at the bottom of the list. The S&P 500 bolted 0.6% higher, while the Nasdaq launched into an early 1.3% advance on the stock market today.Stocks in buy ranges or near buy points early Wednesday included Netflix, JD.com, Pinduoduo and Maravai Lifesciences.Netflix paced both the Nasdaq and the S&P 500, up 145% at the starting bell, despite a mixed fourth-quarter report. On the Nasdaq, China-based stocks crowded in behind Netflix, with Baidu, JD.com and NetEase all atop the Nasdaq 100.The iShares MSCI China ETF jumped 3% in opening trade.Heavy truck maker Paccar also ran high on both the Nasdaq and S&P 500, up 4% after Vertical Research initiated coverage with a hold rating and a 95 price target. Paccar stock is below a 95.92 buy point in an 11-week flat base. Automakers General Motors and Ford Motor also rallied, following analyst price target hikes.Among companies reporting early Wednesday, Morgan Stanley gained 1.9%. ASML Holding posted a 0.5% gain after reporting a strong fourth-quarter performance. Bank of New York Mellon and U.S. Bancorp dropped 6% and 4.2%, respectively, on earnings news.The economic calendar was fairly quiet Wednesday. But homebuilding stocks could see some impact when the National Association of Home Builders releases its January builders confidence survey, due out at 10 a.m. ET.Transfer Of PowerWashington, D.C., remained locked down tight as the clock ticked toward the inauguration of Biden, scheduled for 12 p.m. ET. Biden traveled to the capital Tuesday night by plane, eliminating security concerns regarding a Wednesday-morning Amtrak ride from Wilmington, Del.  President Trump left the White House and held an 8 a.m. ET farewell ceremony at Joint Base Andrews, after which he boarded Air Force One, reportedly traveling to his Mar-A-Lago club in Palm Beach, Fla.Netflix Stock: Q4 Earnings and A Possible BreakoutNetflix reported 8.51 million new streaming subscribers during the fourth quarter, far above Wall Street expectations for a 6.06 million increase. That salved the larger-than-estimated 8% decline in earnings. Revenue jumped 21%, just above projections.Netflix stock spiked 13% Wednesday, a move that sent shares briefly above a buy point at 575.47 in a sloppy, 28-week base. The also marked a breakout past an early, alternative buy point at 545.60.Dow Jones Today: Disney Gets A Netflix BoostNetflix's report of strong subscriber growth also boosted Walt Disney shares 2.1%, high the Dow Jones today. Disney stock is consolidating below a Dec. 31 high, wrestling to hold support at its 21-day exponential moving average, and up a bit more than 30% from a Nov. 9 breakout.Dow Jones peer Salesforce.com jumped 2.7% after Credit Suisse raised the enterprise software leader's price target to 260 from 245. Salesforce stock is beaten down iover the past four months. But Wednesday's action marked a second day rebounding from support at the stock's 40-week moving average.China Stocks Active: Hong Kong Rally Continues, Jack Ma ReturnsChina-based stocks were again active on Wednesday, after Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index rose 1.1%. That left the index at a 20-month high and up 4.9% for the week through Wednesday, as it tracks toward a fourth-straight weekly advance. Money flowing from the mainland south through the Hong Kong Stock Connect reached a record $39 billion on Wednesday, according to the Wall Street Journal. Much of those funds went into stocks placed off-limits to U.S. investors by a White House order in November.Stock Market ETF Strategy And How To Invest In The Current UptrendIn U.S. trade, Alibaba Group Holdings rallied more than 6%, after company founder Jack Ma made his first appearance since disappearing from public view in October. Ma delivered a video speech to 100 rural Chinese teachers on Wednesday morning, according to the South China Morning Post. Ma had retreated from public view after a speech critical of the Chinese government's handling of the financial system. Alibaba Group owns the South China Morning Post.Alibaba shares are rising for a fourth week from a late December low. The stock retook its 200-day moving average on Tuesday, and is poised to regain support at its 10-week line early Wednesday.Baidu rallied 3%. Baidu stock finished Tuesday up more than 85% since clearing a flat base buy point at 135.54 in October.Online flash sale apparel retailer JD.com climbed 2.8% in early action. JD.com shares have been pinned between their 21-day moving average and a cup-base buy point a 92.87 since Jan. 5. The stock closed 2% below the buy point on Tuesday.IBD 50/Leaderboard: Futu's Hold Rule, Pinduoduo's Buy PointIBD 50 stock Futu Holdings spiked 13% in early action. The Hong Kong-based online trading platform ended Tuesday up 58% following a breakout above a cup-based buy point at 51.20 on Jan. 5. The gain triggered the eight-week hold rule for a second time in two months. Futu is a non-U.S.-based, volatile stock, so the hold rule comes with some caveats. But it served investors well following the stock's mid-November breakout.Leaderboard stock Pinduoduo climbed 3.8%. The developer of mobile e-commerce software, headquartered in Shanghai, ended Tuesday about 11% below a 187.80 buy point in what IBD MarketSmith analysis identifies as a 10-week ascending base.Also on the Leaderboard list, Maravai Lifesciences Holdings swung 5.4% higher. The San Diego-based drug products supplier is in a buy range above a 31.29 buy point in an IPO base with a cup-with-handle shape. The buy range runs to 32.85.Dow Jones Today: UnitedHealth, P&G EarningsUnitedHealth Group shed 0.5%, dragging on the Dow Jones today after reporting a smaller-than-expected decline in earnings, and a larger-than-forecast increase in revenue. UnitedHealth shares are consolidating in a 10-week flat base, and closed Tuesday less than 5% below a 368.05 buy point.Dow peer Procter & Gamble traded 0.5% lower, after reporting Q2 revenue and earnigns above analyst estimates. Full year 2021 earnigns guidance was a shade light. Shares have been in a downgtrend since mid-November.Dow Jones stocks Travelers, Intel and IBM are due to report on Thursday.Find Alan R. Elliott on Twitter @IBD_AelliottYOU MAY ALSO LIKE:Why This IBD Tool Simplifies The Search For Top StocksWant To Get Quick Profits And Avoid Big Losses? Try SwingTraderBest Growth Stocks To Buy And WatchIBD Digital: Unlock IBD's Premium Stock Lists, Tools And Analysis TodaySix Stocks Enter Buy Zones, But Market Rally Flashes This WarningLoad-Date: January 22, 2021End of Document

Donald Trump bans transactions with Chinese appsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 6, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 202 wordsBodyDonald Trump signed a decree on Tuesday to ban transactions with eight applications developed by Chinese companies, including Alipay, CamScanner, QQ Wallet, SHAREit, Tencent QQ, Vmate, WeChat Pay and WPS Office.The purpose of the rule is to restrict the danger posed by these applications to Americans, as their data can be accessed through smartphones, tablets or computers.The rule also mentions some cyber intrusions that have been attributed to China and compromised the data of millions of U.S. citizens by affecting their personal information. Therefore, it is stated in the decree that what China seeks is to "promote its economic and national security agenda"."The United States must take aggressive action against those who develop or control connected software applications in China to protect our security," Trump said in the text.The decree strains relations between the United States and China, prior to the take-over of new President Joe Biden. This is not the first time that the Asian country has been accused of cyberattacks against U.S. companies, which has been denied by the Chinese government that claims that it is Washington that is spying on companies or individuals from other territories.Load-Date: January 7, 2021End of Document

Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grantAssociated Press InternationalFebruary 4, 2021 Thursday 11:32 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWS; STATE AND REGIONALLength: 380 wordsDateline: GAINESVILLE, Fla. BodyGAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — A former University of Florida professor and researcher fraudulently obtained $1.8 million in federal grant money while concealing support he received from the Chinese government and a company that he founded in China to profit from that research, U.S. officials said.An indictment unsealed Wednesday charges Lin Yang, 43, a Chinese citizen, with six counts of wire fraud and four counts of making false statements to an agency of the United States. A federal grand jury in Gainesville returned the indictment in December.Yang traveled to China in August 2019 and hasn't returned to the U.S.“The taxpayer dollars that funded Yang’s research were intended to benefit the health and well-being of U.S. citizens," U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Florida Lawrence Keefe said in a statement. “But our indictment alleges that Yang engaged in acts of deliberate deception so that he could also further the research goals of the Chinese Communist government and advance his own business interests.”According to the indictment, Yang obtained the grant from the National Institutes of Health to develop an imaging tool for muscles known as “MuscleMiner.” He served as the principal investigator for the NIH grant at UF from September 2014 to July 2019.In 2016, Yang established a business in China known as “Deep Informatics," prosecutors said. He also was accepted into the People’s Republic of China’s Thousand Talents Program in connection with Northwestern Polytechnical University, located in Xi’an, China.The indictment alleges that Yang intentionally concealed his Chinese business and participation in a Chinese government talent plan. On multiple occasions, Yang submitted disclosures to NIH and UF containing false statements and material omissions, officials said.The case against Yang follows a Justice Department initiative, launched in 2018, to boost its focus on countering economic espionage and theft of trade secrets by Chinese interests.Online court records didn't list an attorney for Yang who could comment.___This story was first published on February 3, 2021. It was updated on February 4, 2021 to show that Yang was connected to Northwestern Polytechnical University, located in Xi’an, China, not Northwestern Polytechnic University.Load-Date: February 4, 2021End of Document

Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grantAssociated Press State & LocalFebruary 4, 2021 Thursday 11:32 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWS; STATE AND REGIONALLength: 380 wordsDateline: GAINESVILLE, Fla. BodyGAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — A former University of Florida professor and researcher fraudulently obtained $1.8 million in federal grant money while concealing support he received from the Chinese government and a company that he founded in China to profit from that research, U.S. officials said.An indictment unsealed Wednesday charges Lin Yang, 43, a Chinese citizen, with six counts of wire fraud and four counts of making false statements to an agency of the United States. A federal grand jury in Gainesville returned the indictment in December.Yang traveled to China in August 2019 and hasn't returned to the U.S.“The taxpayer dollars that funded Yang’s research were intended to benefit the health and well-being of U.S. citizens," U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Florida Lawrence Keefe said in a statement. “But our indictment alleges that Yang engaged in acts of deliberate deception so that he could also further the research goals of the Chinese Communist government and advance his own business interests.”According to the indictment, Yang obtained the grant from the National Institutes of Health to develop an imaging tool for muscles known as “MuscleMiner.” He served as the principal investigator for the NIH grant at UF from September 2014 to July 2019.In 2016, Yang established a business in China known as “Deep Informatics," prosecutors said. He also was accepted into the People’s Republic of China’s Thousand Talents Program in connection with Northwestern Polytechnical University, located in Xi’an, China.The indictment alleges that Yang intentionally concealed his Chinese business and participation in a Chinese government talent plan. On multiple occasions, Yang submitted disclosures to NIH and UF containing false statements and material omissions, officials said.The case against Yang follows a Justice Department initiative, launched in 2018, to boost its focus on countering economic espionage and theft of trade secrets by Chinese interests.Online court records didn't list an attorney for Yang who could comment.___This story was first published on February 3, 2021. It was updated on February 4, 2021 to show that Yang was connected to Northwestern Polytechnical University, located in Xi’an, China, not Northwestern Polytechnic University.Load-Date: February 4, 2021End of Document

NATO. - NATO points to Russia and China and warns that they "try to rewrite the rules" to their advantageCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 19, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 607 wordsBody    MADRID, 19 (EUROPA PRESS)   NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said friday in his speech at the Munich security conference that "Russia and China are trying to rewrite the rules for their own benefit," so he has appealed to the unity of the international community to address these "challenges."   "We now have a historic opportunity to build a stronger Alliance, to regain trust and strengthen our unity. Europe and North America working together in strategic solidarity, Stoltenberg has emphasized.   Stoltenberg has said that "the international order" is being "challenged by authoritarian powers" and "only through concerted action" can NATO "encourage others to follow the rules."   NATO Secretary General has stressed that "no country, no continent" alone can face the great challenges of the coming years, pointing to them as China's boom, cyberattacks, climate change, Russia's destabilizing behavior, or the threat of terrorism.   Faced with these "global challenges," Stoltenberg has addressed the need to seek new allies and deepen its relations with other allies such as Australia and Japan, as part of the ambitious 2030 agenda the organization intends to develop over the next decade.BIDEN ALSO TARGETS CHINA AND RUSSIA    In his first international appearance as president of the United States, Joe Biden has bet on collaboration between his country and Europe on Friday during his speech through video calling at the Munich security conference.   "America is back. Today I speak to you as president of the United States, at the very beginning of my administration, and I want to send this message: the transatlantic alliance is back," he said at an appearance in which he has set China and Russia as great "competitors" to the model advocated by the Atlantic Alliance.   "We need to prepare for a long-term strategic competition with China," he said. "It's going to be hard. That's what I expect and that's what I want," he added, before asking the Asian giant to "play by the same rules" as the rest of the world before influencing the idea of a united front in response to Beijing's economic aspirations.  "We must respond to the economic abuses and coertions of the Chinese government that obstruct the fundamentals of the international economic system. How the United States, Europe and Asia decide to work together to ensure peace and defend our common values will be one of the most important efforts we are going to make," he stressed. "We need to protect individual ownership and creative genius from the exchange of ideas in a free and open society," he added.   Just as critical has been shown with Russia in a speech in which he has called on the Kremlin to refrain from resorting to intimidation tactics and allow countries to freely and "un threat-free" choose their own future.   "Their leaders are trying to describe us as being as corrupt as they are. But the world, including Russian citizens themselves, knows it is not true," Biden said, before accusing Russian President Vladimir Putin of trying to "weaken the European project and transatlantic unity," because "the Kremlin finds it much easier to intimidate individual states than instead of negotiating with a united community."   "The challenges with Russia are different from China's, but they are just as important. This is not a confrontation between East and West. We want a future where countries can choose their path without threats. Nowe can return to the cold war blocs," added the president who has claimed Ukraine's territorial integrity in the conflict between Kiev and the self-proclaimed pro-Russian republics of Donetsk and Lugansk. Load-Date: February 20, 2021End of Document

Global Toys Market (2021 to 2027) - by Product Type, Age Group, Sales Channel and Region - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireMarch 31, 2021 Wednesday 2:37 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 612 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "Toys Market by Product Type, Age Group and Sales Channel: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2021-2027" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.Toys play a crucial role in the growth and development of the children. Toys plays a vital importance in brain development as toys aids in acquiring logical and reasoning skills, helps in gaining spatial reasoning along with logical and reasoning skills.Playing with toys and board games assists children in learning as well as building social and communication skills. The rise in demand for strategy-based & educational based toys among the children propels the growth of the toys market. In addition, the Chinese government last year relaxed its decades-old one-child policy, allowing all couples to have two kids to address the challenge of an aging population. Thus, the number of kids is expected to increase in the upcoming years thus positively impacting the market growth. According to the World Bank, around 25.6% of global population is under age of 14. Large consumer base and expanding young population in developing countries such as India and China to propel demand for toys especially in the Asia-Pacific region.Global toys industry is growing steadily, with China, India, Brazil and African countries outperforming the average growth. Rise in disposable incomes along with favorable demographics have resulted in increased propensity to spend on toys and entertainment products. With the expansion of family entertainment centres, markets in countries such as India, China, and others South East Asian nations are surging. Growing middle class Increasing per capita income, and proliferation of schools all together generating high demand for toys market. Players operating in the region are rapidly diversifying their offerings beyond their traditional domains.Uncertainties about current and future economic conditions along with closure of schools and entertainment centers have hampered the global demand. The COVID-19 outbreak resulted in widespread economic crisis around the world with toys industry also facing huge challenges. Furthermore, emergence of an alternate entertainment medium such as smartphones and tablets coupled with trade disputes to further intensify challenges for the engaged stakeholders.The toys market is segmented into product type, age group, sales channel and region. By product type, the global market is classified into action figures, building sets, dolls, games/puzzles, sports & outdoor toys, plush and others. By age group, it is studied across Up to 5 years, 5 to 10 years, and above 10 years. By sales channel, the market is divided into hypermarket/supermarket, specialty stores, departmental stores, online channels and others. By region, the market is analyzed across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and LAMEA.Market DynamicsDrivers• Emergence of games bars and cafes providing impetus to the stagnant market• Growth in demand from children and young populationRestraints• Tariffs duties to restrict market expansion.• Growth in digitalization and widespread penetration of smartphones hampering toys industry.Opportunities• Reduction of carbon footprints and environmentally friendly initiatives to provide lucrative opportunities.• Untapped opportunities in developing marketsKey Market Players• Atlas Games• Clementoni S.p.A.• Goliath Games• Hasbro, Inc.• The LEGO Group• Mattel, Inc.• Ravensburger AG• Tomy Company, Ltd• Vtech Holdings• Thames & KosmosFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/9iuwdView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210331005679/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: March 31, 2021End of Document

Post-Covid-19 globalizationCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 2, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1763 wordsBodyAs international public opinion focuses on the resurgence of nationalisms through the debate over vaccine production and distribution, the world is undergoing a very profound transition in its bases."Hyperglobalization", this particular phenomenon that was consolidated in the 1990s with the expansion and innovation of virtual and physical communication networks, as well as facilitating the rise of global value chains, is coming to an end to a new stage whose term is not yet defined.Analyst Adjiedj Bakas of The Economistmagazine coined the slowbalization concept in 2015 to call the slow globalization slow acceleration that is now most clearly perceived by the global recession and the effects of the pandemic.There are indicators to believe that the central debate of the new global economy, beyond the fundamentals of classical economists and their quantitative data, postulated on democracy and equity, will be in achieving inclusive prosperity.There are three geopolitically defined areas that have the ability to influence the configuration of the global system: the United States, the European Union, and the China-Russia axis.Each of these international actors or coalitions maintains different perspectives on the new shaping of what we call the world and what the rules of the game should be for the future.Argentina will have to face this scenario with pragmatism and the ability to adapt to a very complex future scenario. The new conditions presented by post-Covid globalization force more dynamic forms of relationship than those designed in the last century.Developing countries will once again play a decisive role in reconfiguring international politics over the next decade, either by building coalitions or by their priority for the agenda of a superpower.Nearly a decade ago, a former Argentine chancellor shared with me his reflections and suggested that the tailwind for emerging countries was coming to an end. This might not be so.The Return to MultilarealismThe end of the Trump era is marked by the return to traditional forms of relationship by the US government through multilateralism and a more active presence in international agencies and for a (WTO, IMF, WHO, IDB, G20 etc.)However, it is still early to define whether there will be a substantial change in American foreign policy on issues such as relations with Cuba, with Taiwan, with its neighbors (Canada and Mexico), with the European Union (post-Brexit), with Latin American states and, obviously, with China, its biggest rival in setting up the new post-Covid rules of play.The first step was its re-entry into the Paris Agreement on the environment, and we will have to wait several months and observe the natural development of the Democratic agenda to give a more accurate diagnosis of the incoming administration.Questions that arise: what do American companies, especially the government's information and communication technologies (ICT) sector, expect in this new phase of globalization? What is the role that the State will play in supporting the international development of local firms?These are questions that must be made, since their behavior has an impact systemically.In recent years, the United States has experienced a setback in receiving foreign direct investment, and was displaced last year by China ($163 billion to China, $143 billion to the United States during 2020).The exorbitant return on the shares ofAmerican tech giants has been slowing down in recent times. Biden's victory could mark the beginning of a change in the types of investments that drive the overall market. Value stocks can thrive again, while renewable energy can set a new trend in the country's productive development.Stephen Wetheim, a member of the Saltzman Institute for War and Peace Studies at Columbia University in New York, argues in an article for Foreign Affairs that Biden should take a different stance than he put forward in his later days as vice president, when in 2016 he augured the sustainability of the international liberal order under U.S. leadership.From the events that occurred during the days of the presidential succession, Wetbeim said: "Finally, it's time to meet the public's demand to do less domestic construction abroad and more construction on American territory. America remains an indispensable nation for its people. Only by serving him will he be able to play a responsible role in the world."Something I mentioned in a previous article is reflected in these latest reflections by many American analysts. The new administration will have a major domestic challenge in resolving social demands.Europe, the least anticipated pivotThe European Union is going through a major crisis over the pandemic, but this did not prevent it from moving forward on its conversion from leaving Britain. Germany maintains its leadership internally, albeit sharing the binomial with France. Many of us wonder what the role of the most consolidated regional bloc will be in shaping a post-Covid international system.Today the debate goes through two axes: the transatlantic relationship and China.In recent years, the relationship between Europe and the Trump administration suffered its backs. Carl Blidt, sweden's former prime minister, in a recently published article, raises some doubts about the chances of being able to return to the pre-Republican government status quo that, in his vision, caused dysfunctionalities in the relationship.He also argues: "Europe cannot rely on the United States for its defense; China will be more powerful than the United States in a decade; Europe should not take sides in a conflict between the two."The system of regional political and economic integration is in transition and cannot become a field of dispute that would affect the governance of its institutions even more than they are. Let us remember that social movements have been rising and tensions over the lack of job stability in EU countries, such as Italy, have become an element to take into account for the economic policy construction of the European collective. On the other hand, China and the EU have confinished negotiations on the Comprehensive Investment Agreement, the first of its kind, which strengthens the ties between the two powers.Globalization with Chinese characteristicsIt is well known that, with Xi Jinping coming to power, the People's Republic of China has been taking center stage in the design of the international system, both politically and economically.It is premature to assert major changes in the short term, more than the pandemic has come about, but the rivalry between the United States and China will be a sign of our era.Those of us who have formed in decades spent in careers related to international relations know that the academy's main theoretical approach was purely Western. Today there is an opportunity to get closer to alternative approaches to a holistic understanding of theconstruction of globalization through authors from other latitudes.For example, Zhang Weiwei, a specialist at Fudan University in Shanghai, raises a critical look at hegemonic perception in the West and emphasizes: "China must insist on the sustainability of its decisions, which have gained broad consensus at the national level, such as strengthening self-sufficiency in the fields of science and technology and accelerating the process of national reunification , solution to the Taiwan question. We need to insist unwaveringly on this. We have every reason to look for what I call mutually assured prosperity, rather than mutually assured destruction."In the near future, these differences in the way international relations are conceived will be more relevant because of the advancement of Asian influence in other regions.The megaproject of the Strip and The Route is much more than the implementation of an effective and ambitious foreign policy by the Chinese government, it is a systemic reaction that directly impacts the forms of relationship of international actors. This government-driven programme to strengthen its economic and political ties with other countries has been adapted since its inception in 2013.Capacity for adequacy and resilience seems to be a necessary feature to benefit from post-Covid globalization.On the other hand, looking to Asia as a region, there is another historical fact that happened recently: the signing of the China-led Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (Rcep). It represents the world's largest free trade agreement.As The Economist has warned in its latest issues, China has been advancing in the last year with strategic interest agreements to consolidate regional production/distribution chains to strengthen economic ties with its peers.Among the sectors that are the largest beneficiaries of these agreements is e-commerce, whose 44% of the sector, according to Forbes,is concentrated in four Chinese companies.In one of his latest work, Dani Rodrik, a professor at Harvard University, analyzed the expansion of the Chinese textile sector through commercial corridors driven by the new silk route and how these companies use online trading platforms to develop their business models covered by new agreements.Of course, the further expansion and diversification of leading companies in the ICT sector has become a nodal point for the development of Chinese leadership. Xi Jinping highlighted this a few months ago in one of his public interventions: "Only by strictly protecting intellectual property rights can we effectively protect strategic technologies for development." Wise words from one of the best understanders of new globalization.In conclusion, the pandemic appears to have accelerated processes that much of the specialized opinion aired, a globalization with greater Chinese participation and with its gravitational center in Asia.Regardless of changes in American rhetoric, domestic problems condition the possibility of a restoration of the liberal order with an axis in the West.(*) The author is a member of the National University of Tres de Febrero.NEWSLETTER 9AM From Monday to Friday, the selection of our editors of the most relevant information for each day.  Enter your email Send Thank you for subscribing!An error has occurred, please try again later.     We have something to offer you With ourDigital subscription you enjoy more than 300 exclusive items per month and ship our sites without limits. We have premium newsletters, an exclusive community for you, discounts with Club La Voz and more.  I want to subscribe from $39 Advertising       Load-Date: February 3, 2021End of Document

Sinovac Files for Conditional Market Authorization of COVID-19 Vaccine in ChinaBusiness WireFebruary 3, 2021 Wednesday 2:53 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 821 wordsDateline: BEIJING BodySinovac Biotech Ltd. (NASDAQ: SVA) ("Sinovac" or the "Company"), a leading provider of biopharmaceutical products in China, today announced that it has officially filed for conditional market authorization for CoronaVac, the COVID-19 vaccine, with China's National Medical Products Administration (NMPA). The vaccine candidate was tested in phase III clinical studies outside of China. The preliminary results of the trials demonstrated a good safety profile for the vaccine. Fourteen days after a two-dose vaccination, the efficacy rate meets the standards of the World Health Organization (or WHO) and the guiding principles for Clinical Evaluation on Preventive COVID-19 Vaccine (tentative) issued by the NMPA.About SinovacSinovac Biotech Ltd. is a China-based biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of vaccines that protect against human infectious diseases. Sinovac's product portfolio includes vaccines against enterovirus71 (EV71), hepatitis A and B, seasonal influenza, 23-Valent Pneumococcal Polysaccharide ("PPV"), H5N1 pandemic influenza (avian flu), H1N1 influenza (swine flu), varicella vaccine and mumps. Healive, the hepatitis A vaccine manufactured by the Company, has passed the assessment under WHO prequalification procedures in 2017. The EV71 vaccine, an innovative vaccine developed by Sinovac against hand foot and mouth disease caused by EV71, was commercialized in China in 2016. In 2009, Sinovac was the first company worldwide to receive approval for its H1N1 influenza vaccine, which it has supplied to the Chinese Government's vaccination campaign and stockpiling program. The Company is also the only supplier of the H5N1 pandemic influenza vaccine to the government stockpiling program. The Company is developing a number of new products including COVID-19 vaccine, CoronaVac, a Sabin-strain inactivated polio vaccine and combined vaccines. Sinovac primarily sells its vaccines in China, while also exploring growth opportunities in international markets. The Company is seeking market authorization of its products in over 30 countries outside of China. For more information please see the Company's website at www.sinovac.com .Safe Harbor StatementThis announcement may include certain statements that are not descriptions of historical facts, but are forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such statements. In particular, the outcome of any litigation is uncertain, and the Company cannot predict the potential results of the litigation it filed or filed against it by others. Additionally, the triggering of a shareholder rights plan is nearly unprecedented, and the Company cannot predict the impact on the Company or its stock price as a result of the trigger of the rights plan.This announcement contains forward-looking information about the Company's efforts to develop a potential COVID-19 vaccine that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as risks associated with clinical data (including the Phase III trial data); the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results, including the rate of vaccine effectiveness and safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in additional analyses of the Phase III trials or in larger, more diverse populations upon commercialization; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, and by regulatory authorities; the risk that we may not be able to create or scale up manufacturing capacity on a timely basis or have access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for any potential approved vaccine, which would negatively impact our ability to supply the estimated numbers of doses of our vaccine candidate; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations public health authorities; uncertainties regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and financial results; and competitive developments.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210203005625/en/CONTACT: Sinovac Biotech Ltd.Helen YangTel: +86-10-8279-9871 or+86-10-5693-1897Fax: +86-10-6296-6910Email: ir@sinovac.com ICR Inc.Bill ZimaU.S.: 1-646-308-1707Email: william.zima@icrinc.comhttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: February 3, 2021End of Document

'Mega' hacking against Microsoft affects at least 60,000 customers worldwideCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 7, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1153 wordsBodyA sophisticated attack on Microsoft's widely used enterprise email software is transforming into a global cybersecurity crisis,as hackers rush to infect as many victims as possible before companies can protect their computer systems.The attack, which Microsoft has said began with a Chinese government-backed hacker group,has so far claimed at least 60,000 victims worldwide, according to a former high-ranking American official with knowledge of the investigation.Many of them appear to be small or medium-sized enterprises trapped in a large network launched by attackers while Microsoft was working to end the attack.Victims identified so far include banks and electricity suppliers,as well as senior homes and an ice cream company, according to Huntress, a company based in Ellicott City, Maryland, which monitors customer safety, said in a blog post Friday.A U.S. cybersecurity company that asked not to be identified indicated that only its experts were working with at least 50 victims, trying to quickly determine what data the hackers might have taken while trying to expel them.The rapidly escalating attack sparked concern from U.S. national security officials, partly because hackers were able to attack so many victims so quickly. Researchers explained that in the final stages of the attack, hackers appeared to have automated the process, capturing tens of thousands of new victims around the world in a matter of days."We're conducting a whole government response to assess and address the impact," a White House official wrote in an email this Saturday. "This is an active threat that is still developing and we urge network operators to take it very seriously."The Chinese hacker group, which Microsoft identifies as Hafnium,appears to have been breaking into private and government computer networks through the company's popular Exchange email software for several months, initially targeting only a small number of victims, according to Steven Adair, director of Volexity, based in Northern Virginia. The cybersecurity company helped Microsoft identify the flaws that hackers were using for which the software giant issued a solution on Tuesday.The result is a second cybersecurity crisis that occurs a few months after suspected Russian hackers breached the security of nine federal agencies and at least 100 companies through manipulated updates from IT management software manufacturer SolarWinds. Cybersecurity experts defending the world's computer systems expressed a growing sense of frustration and exhaustion. Are the attackers really out there anymore? "The 'boysgood' are getting tired," said Charles Carmakal, senior vice president of FireEye, a cybersecurity company based in Milpitas, California.When asked about the signaling to China for responsibility for the attack, a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry said the country "strongly opposes and combats cyberattacks and cyber theft in all its forms" and suggested that blaming a particular nation was a "very sensitive political issue."Both the most recent incident and the SolarWinds attack show the fragility of modern networks and the sophistication of state-sponsored hackers to identify vulnerabilities difficult to find or even create them for espionage.They also involve complex cyberattacks, with an initial blast radius of a large number of computers that is then reduced as attackers concentrate their efforts, which can take weeks or months to resolve for affected organizations.In the case of attacks against Microsoft, simply applying company-provided updates will not remove attackers from the network. A review of the affected systems is required, Carmakal said. And the White House emphasized the same thing, including Tweets from the National Security Council urging the growing list of victims to carefully check their computers for signals from the attackers.Initially, Chinese hackers seemed to target high-value intelligence targets in the United States, Adair said. About a week ago, everything changed. Other unidentified hacker groups began attacking thousands of victims in a short period of time, inserting hidden software that could give them access later, he said. Mass exploitation"They began to carry out a massive exploitation: indiscriminate attacks that compromise exchange servers, literally around the world, regardless of purpose, size or industry," Adair said. "They were attacking each and every server they could."Adair commented that other hacker groups may have encountered the same flaws and started their own attacks, or that China may have wanted to capture as many victims as possible and then determine which one had intelligence value.Either way, the attacks were so successful, and so fast, that the hackers seem to have found a way to automate the process."If you're running an Exchange server, chances are you're a victim," he warned.Data from other security companies suggest that the extent of attacks may not be as bad. Huntress researchers examined about 3,000 vulnerable servers in their partners' networks and found about 350 infections, or just over 10 percent.While SolarWinds hackers infected organizations of all sizes, many of the latest victims are small and medium-sized businesses and local government agencies. Organizations thatthey might be most affected are those that have an email server running vulnerable software and are directly exposed to the Internet, a risky configuration that larger companies generally avoid.Smaller organizations "are already struggling because of COVID confinements. This aggravates an already bad situation," said Jim McMurry, founder of Milton Security Group, a cybersecurity monitoring service in Southern California."I know from working with some customers that this is taking a lot of time to track, clean and ensure they're not affected outside the initial attack vector," he said.McMurry said the problem is "very serious," but added that the damage should be mitigated a little bit by the fact that "this could be repaired, it could be fixed."Microsoft reported that customers using its cloud-based email system are not affected.The use of automation to launch very sophisticated attacks can mark a terrifying new era in cybersecurity,one that could overwhelm the limited resources of defenders, several experts warned.Some of the initial infections appear to have been the result of automated malware scanning and installation, said Alex Stamos, a cybersecurity consultant. Researchers will look for infections that led hackers to take the next step and steal data, such as email files, and search for valuable information later, he said."If I was running one of these teams, I'd be getting the email as quickly as possible indiscriminately and then extracting gold in search of gold," Stamos said.We recommend:North Korea hacked Pfizer to steal COVID vaccine information, Seoul accusesBetter to prevent than let you hackLoad-Date: March 8, 2021End of Document

Rosenworcel Statement: FCC Seeks Comment on Open Radio Access NetworksTargeted News ServiceMarch 19, 2021 Friday 10:15 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1149 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Federal Communications Commission issued the following statement (GN Docket No. 21-63) on March 18, 2021, by Acting Chairwoman Jessica Rosenworcel:* * *Re: Promoting the Deployment of 5G Open Radio Access Networks, GN Docket No. 21-63Today the Federal Communications Commission is launching the first-ever inquiry exploring how we can accelerate the development and deployment of open radio access networks for 5G in the United States.This is important because our 5G future is about connecting everything. It is about moving to a new networked world that will open up possibilities for communications that we cannot even fully imagine today. By exponentially increasing the connections between people and things around us, this technology could become an input in everything we do--improving agriculture, education, healthcare, energy, transportation, and more. The data we derive from all these connections is powerful--it will inform machine learning, artificial intelligence, and the next generation of innovation across the economy.But building this future right means building security in front from the start. That's because this new endless connectivity also means new vulnerabilities. With so much on the line, it's urgent that trustworthy companies build the next-generation networks that will soon touch so much of our lives. And it's critical that we not give control of our important infrastructure to untrusted vendors like Huawei or ZTE.Right now, that is easier said than done. To understand why, start with history. The United States invented the telecommunications equipment industry. Not all that long ago we dominated it. But in recent years the industry has shifted as American companies were acquired and consolidated into European players. At the same time China ramped up its national strategy to produce new network equipment. While these efforts began at the lower end of the market, they are now clearly focused on global 5G deployment.This means we have a supply chain challenge. We have only four major vendors for mobile network equipment to choose from, none of which hails from the United States. Plus, the vendors that have grown fastest in recent years are from China, in part because the Chinese government deploys powerful industrial policies to make their equipment cheaper to deploy than the alternatives. We know based on a comprehensive record developed by various national security agencies around the world that there are serious risks that come with having this equipment in our networks--and these vulnerabilities could provide foreign interests with the ability to jeopardize the security of communications in the United States.The good news is we are taking direct action to slow down untrusted vendors both at home and abroad. Thanks to the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act, we are putting the finishing touches on a system to replace insecure equipment from Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTE, to the extent that it is present in our domestic networks today. Thanks to initiatives like the Prague Principles, we have a foundation for working with like-minded countries to promote international policies that enable secure and trusted 5G supply chains.This is good. But there is another strategy that needs our attention too. While we continue to take action to slow down untrusted vendors, we also must take action to speed up American innovation.This is what today's effort is all about. At the FCC we are starting the first-ever inquiry into open RAN. Today, the RAN is the most restrictive and most expensive part of the network, in part because all of its major components have to come from the same vendor. There is no way to mix and match. But if we can unlock the RAN and diversify the equipment in this part of our networks, we may be able to increase security, reduce our exposure to any single foreign vendor, lower costs, and push the equipment market to where the United States is uniquely skilled--in software.That sounds promising. And as a result of our effort today, we will have the first comprehensive record on the public interest benefits of new interoperability in the RAN. We will have the first assessment of the state of this technology, how our rules may be adjusted to foster its growth, and how our coordination with other federal actors--from the National Science Foundation to the Department of Defense--may stimulate its development in the marketplace.At the same time, we do not shy away from the hard questions. We ask about challenges associated with systems integration and management. We consider reliability and quality of service. We ask whether new openness also could introduce new vulnerabilities to the network. These questions are important to understand whether open RAN will deliver on its national security promise.This inquiry is important. It is also overdue. It was nearly two years ago that I was the first at the FCC to speak about the power of open RAN. I was drawn to this technology because it has the potential to address our security needs and supply chain challenges.I believed back then what I believe now--we should be exploring how government policies can help kickstart the development of open RAN. That's because expanding opportunities for softwarecentric architectures deeper in our networks could yield communications with more security, lower costs, and greater innovation. It is how we can lead once more in the market for network equipment--and build our 5G future from a position of strength.Thank you to the agency staff for their work on this Notice of Inquiry. From the Wireless Telecommunications Bureau that's Thomas Derenge, Charles Mathias, Roger Noel, Paul Powell, Kambiz Rahnavardy, Jaclyn Rosen, Catherine Schroeder, Sean Spivey, Joel Taubenblatt, and Mary Claire York. From the International Bureau that's Ena Dekanic, Olga Madruga-Forti, Roxanne McElvane Webber, Andrew Pegues, Jim Schlichting, Thomas Sullivan, and Michele Wu-Bailey. From the Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau that's Eric Burger, Lisa Fowlkes, Jeff Goldthorp, Debra Jordan, and Zenji Nakazawa. From the Wireline Competition Bureau that's Pamela Arluk, Brian Cruikshank, Justin Faulb, Trent Harkrader, Billy Layton, and Kris Monteith. From the Office of Economics and Analytics a thank you to Patrick DeGraba, Cher Li, Catherine Matraves, Giulia McHenry, Michelle Schaefer, Donald Stockdale, and Patrick Sun. From the Office of Engineering and Technology a thank you to Martin Doczkat, Monisha Ghosh, Michael Ha, Ira Keltz, Nicholas Oros, Robert Pavlak, Ronald Repasi, Dana Shaffer, and Sean Yun. From the Office of General Counsel a thank you to David Horowitz, Douglas Klein, and William Richardson. Last but not least, from the Enforcement Bureau thank you Matt Gibson, Janet Moran, and Axel Rodriguez.Copyright Targeted News ServicesT40-MgEditor-7425736 T40-MgEditorLoad-Date: March 19, 2021End of Document

Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grantAssociated Press State & LocalFebruary 3, 2021 Wednesday 11:37 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWS; STATE AND REGIONALLength: 342 wordsDateline: GAINESVILLE, Fla. BodyGAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — A former University of Florida professor and researcher fraudulently obtained $1.8 million in federal grant money while concealing support he received from the Chinese government and a company that he founded in China to profit from that research, U.S. officials said.An indictment unsealed Wednesday charges Lin Yang, 43, a Chinese citizen, with six counts of wire fraud and four counts of making false statements to an agency of the United States. A federal grand jury in Gainesville returned the indictment in December.Yang traveled to China in August 2019 and hasn't returned to the U.S.“The taxpayer dollars that funded Yang’s research were intended to benefit the health and well-being of U.S. citizens," U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Florida Lawrence Keefe said in a statement. “But our indictment alleges that Yang engaged in acts of deliberate deception so that he could also further the research goals of the Chinese Communist government and advance his own business interests.”According to the indictment, Yang obtained the grant from the National Institutes of Health to develop an imaging tool for muscles known as “MuscleMiner.” He served as the principal investigator for the NIH grant at UF from September 2014 to July 2019.In 2016, Yang established a business in China known as “Deep Informatics," prosecutors said. He also was accepted into the People’s Republic of China’s Thousand Talents Program in connection with Northwestern Polytechnic University, located in Xi’an, China.The indictment alleges that Yang intentionally concealed his Chinese business and participation in a Chinese government talent plan. On multiple occasions, Yang submitted disclosures to NIH and UF containing false statements and material omissions, officials said.The case against Yang follows a Justice Department initiative, launched in 2018, to boost its focus on countering economic espionage and theft of trade secrets by Chinese interests.Online court records didn't list an attorney for Yang who could comment.Load-Date: February 3, 2021End of Document

Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grantAssociated Press InternationalFebruary 3, 2021 Wednesday 11:37 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWS; STATE AND REGIONALLength: 342 wordsDateline: GAINESVILLE, Fla. BodyGAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — A former University of Florida professor and researcher fraudulently obtained $1.8 million in federal grant money while concealing support he received from the Chinese government and a company that he founded in China to profit from that research, U.S. officials said.An indictment unsealed Wednesday charges Lin Yang, 43, a Chinese citizen, with six counts of wire fraud and four counts of making false statements to an agency of the United States. A federal grand jury in Gainesville returned the indictment in December.Yang traveled to China in August 2019 and hasn't returned to the U.S.“The taxpayer dollars that funded Yang’s research were intended to benefit the health and well-being of U.S. citizens," U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Florida Lawrence Keefe said in a statement. “But our indictment alleges that Yang engaged in acts of deliberate deception so that he could also further the research goals of the Chinese Communist government and advance his own business interests.”According to the indictment, Yang obtained the grant from the National Institutes of Health to develop an imaging tool for muscles known as “MuscleMiner.” He served as the principal investigator for the NIH grant at UF from September 2014 to July 2019.In 2016, Yang established a business in China known as “Deep Informatics," prosecutors said. He also was accepted into the People’s Republic of China’s Thousand Talents Program in connection with Northwestern Polytechnic University, located in Xi’an, China.The indictment alleges that Yang intentionally concealed his Chinese business and participation in a Chinese government talent plan. On multiple occasions, Yang submitted disclosures to NIH and UF containing false statements and material omissions, officials said.The case against Yang follows a Justice Department initiative, launched in 2018, to boost its focus on countering economic espionage and theft of trade secrets by Chinese interests.Online court records didn't list an attorney for Yang who could comment.Load-Date: February 3, 2021End of Document

China's Huawei backtracks after filing for patent to identify Uyghur facesCNN WireJanuary 14, 2021 Thursday 10:32 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 863 wordsDateline: (CNN Business) Body (CNN Business) --  Chinese technology company Huawei is backtracking on a patent application it filed for a facial recognition system intended to identify Uyghurs from other Chinese ethnicities.Filed in July 2018 by Huawei and the government-affiliated Chinese Academy of Sciences, the patent application said the "identification of pedestrian attributes is very important" in facial recognition technology."The attributes of the target object can be gender (male, female), age (such as teenagers, middle-aged, old) [or] race (Han, Uyghur)," the application said. It was revealed in a new report from the BBC and IPVM, an independent group which monitors video surveillance technology.A Huawei spokesperson said in a statement to CNN Business that the company would "amend" its patent, adding that the ethnicity identification feature should "never have become part of the application.""Huawei opposes discrimination of all types, including the use of technology to carry out ethnic discrimination," the spokesperson said. "We are continuously working to ensure new and evolving technology is developed and applied with the utmost care and integrity."The use of facial recognition technology in policing and domestic security is widespread across China but especially in the western region of Xinjiang, where up to 2 million people from Uyghur and other ethnic Muslim minorities have allegedly been put into internment camps, according to the US State Department.Beijing maintains that the camps are vocational training centers that help to deradicalize citizens. But Uyghur exiles have described the crackdown as "cultural genocide," with former detainees saying they were indoctrinated and abused.IPVM political director Conor Healy said that Huawei needed to explain why the feature had been part of the patent application in the first place. "What possible reason could there be that they would go file patents and develop a facial recognition system that literally involves hours and hours of training a computer to detect what race somebody is?" he told CNN Business."There are very few uses for that kind of technology that benefit humanity."Huawei wasn't the only company that IPVM said had filed this kind of patent.According to IPVM, Chinese tech startup Megvii submitted a patent application in June 2019 for a system which mentioned an "ethnicity classification" that would include "Han, Uyghur, non-Han, non-Uyghur and unknown."In a statement to CNN Business, Megvii said that it would "withdraw" the 2019 patent application, which it said was "open to misunderstanding." "Megvii has not developed and will not develop or sell racial or ethnic labelling solutions," the statement said.IPVM also found another Chinese tech startup, Sensetime, mentioned in a patent application in July 2019 that it could identify people by ethnicity, specifically singling out "Uyghur" as a possibility. Sensetime told CNN Business that the reference to Uyghurs was "regrettable," adding that it was "one of the examples within the application intended to illustrate the attributes the algorithm recognizes." "It was neither designed nor intended in any way to discriminate, which is against our values," a spokesperson said in a statement. "We will update the patent at the next available opportunity."IPVM's report is the latest in a series of revelations about the questionable facial recognition practices of Chinese technology giants.In December, Alibaba said that it would no longer try to identify faces by ethnicity after IPVM reported that a division of the company had shown clients how their facial recognition system could detect Uyghurs.In the same month, the Washington Post alleged that Huawei had tested facial recognition software capable of sending automatic "Uyghur alarms" to government authorities if a member of the ethnic minority was detected by its camera systems.At the time, Huawei had denied that it would "develop or sell systems that identify people by their ethnic group." "We do not condone the use of our technologies to discriminate against or oppress members of any community," the company said in a statement posted to its website.The latest report comes as governments around the world are increasingly pressuring companies whose products may be linked to alleged forced labor camps in Xinjiang.On Wednesday, the US government announced that it would ban all cotton and tomato products from Xinjiang. One day earlier the UK government declared that it would fine companies that hid economic connections to Xinjiang, as the government attempted to crack down on products of forced labor entering the country.In analysis written for its latest report, IPVM said that the inclusion of Uyghur tracking in the patent applications for top China tech companies showed "how prevalent this racist technology is" in the country."This is a clear example of People's Republic of China's human rights abuse against Uyghur people, and also represents a long-term risk for the broader video surveillance industry's reputation," IPVM said.-- Michelle Toh contributed to this report.TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: January 14, 2021End of Document

Rosenworcel Statement: FCC Seeks Comment on Open Radio Access NetworksTargeted News ServiceMarch 18, 2021 Thursday 11:17 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1143 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Federal Communications Commission issued the following statement on March 17, 2021, by Acting Chairwoman Jessica Rosenworcel:* * *Re: Promoting the Deployment of 5G Open Radio Access Networks, GN Docket No. 21-63Today the Federal Communications Commission is launching the first-ever inquiry exploring how we can accelerate the development and deployment of open radio access networks for 5G in the United States.This is important because our 5G future is about connecting everything. It is about moving to a new networked world that will open up possibilities for communications that we cannot even fully imagine today. By exponentially increasing the connections between people and things around us, this technology could become an input in everything we do--improving agriculture, education, healthcare, energy, transportation, and more. The data we derive from all these connections is powerful--it will inform machine learning, artificial intelligence, and the next generation of innovation across the economy.But building this future right means building security in front from the start. That's because this new endless connectivity also means new vulnerabilities. With so much on the line, it's urgent that trustworthy companies build the next-generation networks that will soon touch so much of our lives. And it's critical that we not give control of our important infrastructure to untrusted vendors like Huawei or ZTE.Right now, that is easier said than done. To understand why, start with history. The United States invented the telecommunications equipment industry. Not all that long ago we dominated it. But in recent years the industry has shifted as American companies were acquired and consolidated into European players. At the same time China ramped up its national strategy to produce new network equipment. While these efforts began at the lower end of the market, they are now clearly focused on global 5G deployment.This means we have a supply chain challenge. We have only four major vendors for mobile network equipment to choose from, none of which hails from the United States. Plus, the vendors that have grown fastest in recent years are from China, in part because the Chinese government deploys powerful industrial policies to make their equipment cheaper to deploy than the alternatives. We know based on a comprehensive record developed by various national security agencies around the world that there are serious risks that come with having this equipment in our networks--and these vulnerabilities could provide foreign interests with the ability to jeopardize the security of communications in the United States.The good news is we are taking direct action to slow down untrusted vendors both at home and abroad. Thanks to the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act, we are putting the finishing touches on a system to replace insecure equipment from Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTE, to the extent that it is present in our domestic networks today. Thanks to initiatives like the Prague Principles, we have a foundation for working with like-minded countries to promote international policies that enable secure and trusted 5G supply chains.This is good. But there is another strategy that needs our attention too. While we continue to take action to slow down untrusted vendors, we also must take action to speed up American innovation.This is what today's effort is all about. At the FCC we are starting the first-ever inquiry into open RAN. Today, the RAN is the most restrictive and most expensive part of the network, in part because all of its major components have to come from the same vendor. There is no way to mix and match. But if we can unlock the RAN and diversify the equipment in this part of our networks, we may be able to increase security, reduce our exposure to any single foreign vendor, lower costs, and push the equipment market to where the United States is uniquely skilled--in software.That sounds promising. And as a result of our effort today, we will have the first comprehensive record on the public interest benefits of new interoperability in the RAN. We will have the first assessment of the state of this technology, how our rules may be adjusted to foster its growth, and how our coordination with other federal actors--from the National Science Foundation to the Department of Defense--may stimulate its development in the marketplace.At the same time, we do not shy away from the hard questions. We ask about challenges associated with systems integration and management. We consider reliability and quality of service. We ask whether new openness also could introduce new vulnerabilities to the network. These questions are important to understand whether open RAN will deliver on its national security promise.This inquiry is important. It is also overdue. It was nearly two years ago that I was the first at the FCC to speak about the power of open RAN. I was drawn to this technology because it has the potential to address our security needs and supply chain challenges.I believed back then what I believe now--we should be exploring how government policies can help kickstart the development of open RAN. That's because expanding opportunities for softwarecentric architectures deeper in our networks could yield communications with more security, lower costs, and greater innovation. It is how we can lead once more in the market for network equipment--and build our 5G future from a position of strength.Thank you to the agency staff for their work on this Notice of Inquiry. From the Wireless Telecommunications Bureau that's Thomas Derenge, Charles Mathias, Roger Noel, Paul Powell, Kambiz Rahnavardy, Jaclyn Rosen, Catherine Schroeder, Sean Spivey, Joel Taubenblatt, and Mary Claire York. From the International Bureau that's Ena Dekanic, Olga Madruga-Forti, Roxanne McElvane Webber, Andrew Pegues, Jim Schlichting, Thomas Sullivan, and Michele Wu-Bailey. From the Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau that's Eric Burger, Lisa Fowlkes, Jeff Goldthorp, Debra Jordan, and Zenji Nakazawa. From the Wireline Competition Bureau that's Pamela Arluk, Brian Cruikshank, Justin Faulb, Trent Harkrader, Billy Layton, and Kris Monteith. From the Office of Economics and Analytics a thank you to Patrick DeGraba, Cher Li, Catherine Matraves, Giulia McHenry, Michelle Schaefer, Donald Stockdale, and Patrick Sun. From the Office of Engineering and Technology a thank you to Martin Doczkat, Monisha Ghosh, Michael Ha, Ira Keltz, Nicholas Oros, Robert Pavlak, Ronald Repasi, Dana Shaffer, and Sean Yun. From the Office of General Counsel a thank you to David Horowitz, Douglas Klein, and William Richardson. Last but not least, from the Enforcement Bureau thank you Matt Gibson, Janet Moran, and Axel Rodriguez.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7423503 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 18, 2021End of Document

LIZHI INC. Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Unaudited Financial ResultsGlobeNewswireMarch 9, 2021 Tuesday 4:00 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: EARNINGS RELEASES AND OPERATING RESULTSLength: 6872 wordsBodyGUANGZHOU, China, March  09, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- LIZHI INC. ("LIZHI" or the "Company" or "We") (NASDAQ: LIZI), a leading online UGC1 audio community and interactive audio entertainment platform in China, today announced its unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.Fourth Quarter 2020 Financial and Operational Highlights• Net revenues were RMB420.3 million (US$64.4 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing a 15% increase from RMB365.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, and compared to RMB361.5 million in the previous quarter.• Average total mobile MAUs2 in the fourth quarter of 2020 reached 58.4 million, compared to 51.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 56.2 million in the previous quarter.• Average total monthly paying users3 in the fourth quarter of 2020 reached 422.4 thousand, compared to 434.1 thousand in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 448.3 thousand in the previous quarter.Fiscal Year 2020 Financial and Operational Highlights• Net revenues were RMB1,502.9 million (US$230.3 million) in the fiscal year of 2020, representing a 27% increase from RMB1,180.6 million in the prior year.• Average total mobile MAUs in the fiscal year of 2020 reached 56.2 million, compared to 45.7 million in the prior year.• Average total monthly paying users in the fiscal year of 2020 reached 446.1 thousand, compared to 351.7 thousand in the prior year."We are pleased to see the strong growth momentum continued in the fourth quarter of 2020, as our fourth quarter revenue of RMB420.3 million was up 15% year-over-year and 16% sequentially, exceeding the upper end of our guidance range," said Mr. Jinnan (Marco) Lai, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of LIZHI. "During the quarter, our vibrant audio ecosystem consisting of audio-based social networks, podcast content portfolios and audio communities has delivered meaningful performance results, fueled by our expansion in overseas market and further enhancement of our platform's overall technological capabilities.Our audio-based social networking app, Tiya App, ranked among the top four social networking apps in the U.S. in November 2020 shortly after its launch in the U.S. market in October 2020 according to the ranking published by App Annie. We believe the launch of Tiya App will strengthen the audio-based social networking product offering of our ecosystem. Meanwhile, we continued fortifying and diversifying our content offerings and saw approximately 20 million new audio contents added to our online audio platform in the fourth quarter of 2020. In January 2021, in an effort to bolster our content strategy, we launched a new mobile app under the LIZHI brand called -LIZHI Podcast' (LIZHI BOKE in Chinese), aiming to engage users with curated podcast content and appeal to a wider audience base. In addition, by leveraging our extensive content library, experience in audio-centric user communities and industry-leading technologies, we tapped into the in-car audio space and are now collaborating with leading automobile manufacturers in China, including Xpeng Motors, GAC AION New Energy Automobile and GAC Motor, as well as automobile intelligent platforms, including BYD DiLink, a network-linked automobiles intelligent system launched by BYD, and Huawei Mobile Services for Car, a smart in-car cloud service solution built by Huawei Terminal Cloud Services.We believe promoting user engagement and interactions is key to fostering an immersive audio-centric UGC community. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we achieved a new record high of 3.3 billion average monthly total interactions4, highlighted by a 13% year-over-year increase in average total mobile MAUs. In 2021, we expect to continue our pursuit of global strategy of expanding our audio-based social networks, enhancing our content offering and strengthening our community with advanced technologies," concluded Mr. Lai.___________________________1 Refers to user-generated content.2 Refers to the average monthly number of active users across our platforms and apps in a given period, calculated by dividing (i) the sum of mobile active users for each month of such period, by (ii) the number of months in the same period. 3 Refers to the average monthly number of paying user in a given period, calculated by dividing (i) the total number of paying users in each month of such period by (ii) the number of months in the same period. 4 Refers to the sum of monthly average number of comments, private messages, posts, likes and multi-users on-air dialogues, to the extent such metrics are applicable in a given period.Ms. Chengfang Lu, Acting Chief Financial Officer of LIZHI, commented, "Our better-than-expected performance in the fourth quarter is illustrated by a full-year revenue growth of 27%, underscoring our growth trajectory despite the lingering impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Also, thanks to our efforts to improve operating efficiency coupled with our strategy to retain and engage users, our profitability with margin expansion has increased across the board in the fourth quarter, highlighted by a year-over-year increase in gross margin of 1,070 basis points and a year-over-year decrease in net loss by 80%. We continued to achieve non-GAAP net income5 in the fourth quarter of 2020. With 2021 well underway, we endeavor to deliver long-term value to our shareholders."Fourth Quarter 2020 Unaudited Financial ResultsNet revenues were RMB420.3 million (US$64.4 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 15% from RMB365.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, and an increase of 16% from RMB361.5 million in the previous quarter. Since various measures that the Chinese government implemented to constrain the COVID-19 outbreak have been relaxed, many aspects of daily life in China gradually returned to normal routine. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts on the Company's operations beyond the fourth quarter of 2020 will depend on future developments of the pandemic in China and across the globe, which are subject to changes and substantial uncertainty and therefore cannot be predicted.Audio entertainment revenues reached RMB414.7 million (US$63.6 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 15% from RMB360.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and an increase of 17% from RMB355.8 million in the third quarter of 2020. The year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter increases were mainly due to an increase in the per capita user spending on our interactive audio social entertainment products primarily driven by our 2020 Annual Voice Gala held in the fourth quarter of 2020.Podcast, advertising and other revenues were RMB5.5 million (US$0.8 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 12% from RMB4.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, and a 2% decrease from RMB5.7 million in the third quarter of 2020, respectively. The year-over-year increase was primarily attributable to the increase in the number of advertisers. The quarter-over-quarter decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease in our podcast revenue.Cost of revenues was RMB301.3 million (US$46.2 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to RMB300.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and representing an increase of 11% quarter-over-quarter. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to the increase of salary and welfare benefits, payment handling costs and bandwidth costs as the Company's business grew, as well as the recognition of share-based compensation expenses upon and after the Company's initial public offering ("IPO"). This was partially offset by a decrease in the revenue sharing fees because the incentive program for content creators we launched in the third quarter of 2019 has been scaled down since February 2020. The quarter-over-quarter increase was mainly because of the increase in revenue sharing fees to our content creators, payment handling costs and the bandwidth costs which were generally in line with the growth of the Company's business.Gross profit was RMB119.0 million (US$18.2 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 85% from RMB64.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and an increase of 31% from RMB90.6 million in the third quarter of 2020.Non-GAAP gross profit6 was RMB122.6 million (US$18.8 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 90% from RMB64.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and an increase of 33% from RMB91.9 million in the third quarter of 2020.___________________________5 Non-GAAP net loss/income is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as net loss/income excluding share-based compensation expenses. These adjustments amounted to RMB11.3 million (US$1.7 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020. Please refer to the section below titled "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" for details. 6 Non-GAAP gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as gross profit excluding share-based compensation expenses. These adjustments amounted to RMB3.6 million (US$0.5 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020. Please refer to the section below titled "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" for details.Gross margin was 28% in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to 18% and 25% in the fourth quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2020, respectively. Non-GAAP gross margin was 29% in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to 18% and 25% in the fourth quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2020, respectively.Operating expenses were RMB125.4 million (US$19.2 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 30% from RMB96.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and an increase of 25% from RMB100.2 million in the third quarter of 2020.Research and development expenses were RMB56.4 million (US$8.7 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 8% from RMB52.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and an increase of 1% from RMB55.6 million in the third quarter of 2020. The year-over-year increase was mainly due to our increasing number of research and development employees, as well as the share-based compensation expenses recognized upon and after our IPO in January 2020. The quarter-over-quarter increase was mainly attributable to a rise in expenses related to professional services provided by third parties.Selling and marketing expenses were RMB48.7 million (US$7.5 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 69% from RMB28.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and an increase of 79% from RMB27.1 million in the third quarter of 2020. The increases were primarily due to the increased promotion and marketing expenses related to our branding and promotion activities for our products and brand name in the fourth quarter of 2020.General and administrative expenses were RMB20.3 million (US$3.1 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing an increase of 35% from RMB15.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and an increase of 17% from RMB17.4 million in the third quarter of 2020. The year-over-year increase was mainly due to the increased expenses in salary and welfare benefits, professional services and recognition of share-based compensation expenses upon and after our IPO. The quarter-over-quarter increase was primarily due to the increases in salary and welfare benefits of our employees in the fourth quarter of 2020.Operating loss was RMB6.4 million (US$1.0 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, narrowing 80% from an operating loss of RMB31.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 33% from an operating loss of RMB9.6 million in the third quarter of 2020.Non-GAAP operating income7 was RMB4.9 million (US$0.7 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to non-GAAP operating loss of RMB31.7 million and RMB2.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2020, respectively.Net loss was RMB5.8 million (US$0.9 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, narrowing 80% from RMB29.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 4% from RMB6.1 million in the third quarter of 2020.Non-GAAP net income was RMB5.4 million (US$0.8 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to non-GAAP net loss of RMB29.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and non-GAAP net income of RMB0.6 million in the third quarter of 2020, respectively.Net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders was RMB5.8 million (US$0.9 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to RMB302.8 million and RMB6.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2020, respectively. Accretions to preferred shares redemption value, as a key component contributed to the net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders, were RMB273.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, while there were no such accretions in the third and fourth quarters of 2020.___________________________7 Non-GAAP operating loss/income is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as operating loss excluding share-based compensation expenses. These adjustments amounted to RMB11.3 million (US$1.7 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020. Please refer to the section below titled "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" for details.Non-GAAP net income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders8 was RMB5.4 million (US$0.8 million) in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to non-GAAP net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders of RMB29.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and non-GAAP net income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders of RMB0.6 million in the third quarter of 2020, respectively.Basic and diluted net loss per ADS9 were RMB0.13 (US$0.02) in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to RMB23.29 in the fourth quarter of 2019 and RMB0.13 in the third quarter of 2020.Non-GAAP basic and diluted net income per ADS10 were RMB0.12 (US$0.02) in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to non-GAAP basic and diluted net loss of RMB2.23 per ADS in the fourth quarter of 2019 and non-GAAP basic and diluted net income of RMB0.01 per ADS in the third quarter of 2020.Fiscal Year 2020 Unaudited Financial ResultsNet revenues were RMB1,502.9 million (US$230.3 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing an increase of 27% from RMB1,180.6 million in the prior year. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts on the Company's operations beyond the fiscal year of 2020 will depend on future developments of the pandemic in China and across the globe, which are subject to changes and substantial uncertainty and therefore cannot be predicted.Audio entertainment revenues reached RMB1,481.1 million (US$227.0 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing an increase of 27% from RMB1,167.9 million in the prior year. The increase was mainly attributable to an increase in the number of average total monthly paying users and their spending on LIZHI's interactive audio products.Podcast, advertising and other revenues were RMB21.8 million (US$3.3 million) in the fiscal year of 2020, representing an increase of 72% from RMB12.7 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in the number of paying users in our podcast services and advertisers as the Company's operation continued to expand.Cost of revenues was RMB1,134.7 million (US$173.9 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing an increase of 25% from RMB910.2 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to the increase of revenue sharing fees and other costs, which were generally in line with the growth of the Company's business, as well as the recognition of share-based compensation expenses upon and after the Company's IPO.Gross profit was RMB368.2 million (US$56.4 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing an increase of 36% from RMB270.4 million in the prior year.Non-GAAP gross profit11 was RMB383.0 million (US$58.7 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing an increase of 42% from RMB270.4 million in the prior year.Gross margin was 25% in the fiscal year 2020, compared to 23% in the prior year. Non-GAAP gross margin was 25% in the fiscal year 2020, compared to 23% in the prior year.Operating expenses were RMB456.9 million (US$70.0 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing an increase of 11% from RMB412.3 million in the prior year.___________________________8 Non-GAAP net loss/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as net loss/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders excluding accretions to preferred shares redemption value and share-based compensation expenses. These adjustments amounted to RMB273.8 million and RMB11.3 million (US$1.7 million) in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 2020, respectively. Please refer to the section below titled "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" for details. 9 ADS refers to American Depositary Share. Each ADS represents twenty Class A ordinary shares of the Company. Basic and diluted net loss per ADS is net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders divided by weighted average number of ADS. 10 Non-GAAP basic and diluted net loss/income per ADS is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as non-GAAP net loss/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders divided by weighted average number of ADS used in the calculation of basic and diluted net loss/income per ADS. 11 Non-GAAP gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as gross profit excluding share-based compensation expenses. These adjustments amounted to RMB14.8 million (US$2.3 million) in the fiscal year 2020. Please refer to the section below titled "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" for details.Research and development expenses were RMB225.3 million (US$34.5 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing an increase of 43% from RMB158.0 million in the prior year, primarily due to the growth of the salary and welfare benefits and other costs related to research and development activities as our business grew and recognition of share-based compensation expenses upon and after our IPO.Selling and marketing expenses were RMB142.7 million (US$21.9 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing a decrease of 32% from RMB208.6 million in the prior year, mainly attributable to reduced expenses related to branding and promotional activities in the year of 2020.General and administrative expenses were RMB88.9 million (US$13.6 million) in the fiscal year 2020, representing an increase of 94% from RMB45.7 million in the prior year, mainly as a result of the increased expenses in the salary and welfare benefits, other professional service and recognition of share-based compensation expenses upon and after our IPO.Operating loss was RMB88.7 million (US$13.6 million) in the fiscal year 2020, compared to operating loss of RMB141.8 million in the prior year, narrowed down by 37%.Non-GAAP operating loss12 was RMB37.9 million (US$5.8 million) in the fiscal year 2020, narrowed down by 73% from the non-GAAP operating loss of RMB141.8 million in the prior year.Net loss was RMB82.2 million (US$12.6 million) in the fiscal year 2020, narrowed down by 38% from RMB133.0 million in the prior year.Non-GAAP net loss13 was RMB31.4 million (US$4.8 million) in the fiscal year 2020, compared to non-GAAP net loss of RMB133.0 million in the prior year.Net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders was RMB236.3 million (US$36.2 million) in the fiscal year 2020, compared to RMB1,073.1 million in the prior year. Accretions to preferred shares redemption value, a key component contributing to the net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders, were RMB154.1 million and RMB940.2 in the fiscal year 2020 and fiscal year 2019, respectively.Non-GAAP net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders14 was RMB31.4 million (US$4.8 million) in the fiscal year 2020, compared to non-GAAP net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders of RMB133.0 million in the prior year.Basic and diluted net loss per ADS were RMB5.35 (US$0.82) in the fiscal year 2020, compared to RMB82.55 in the prior year.Non-GAAP basic and diluted net loss per ADS were RMB0.71 (US$0.11) in the fiscal year 2020, compared to non-GAAP basic and diluted net loss of RMB10.23 per ADS in the prior year.Balance SheetsAs of December 31, 2020, the Company had cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments of RMB392.2 million (US$60.1 million).___________________________12 Non-GAAP operating loss is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as operating loss excluding share-based compensation expenses. These adjustments amounted to RMB50.7 million (US$7.8 million) in the fiscal year 2020. Please refer to the section below titled "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" for details. 13 Non-GAAP net loss is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as net loss/income excluding share-based compensation expenses. These adjustments amounted to RMB50.7 million (US$7.8 million) in the fiscal year 2020. Please refer to the section below titled "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" for details. 14 Non-GAAP net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is defined as net loss/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders excluding accretions to preferred shares redemption value and share-based compensation expenses. These adjustments amounted to RMB940.2 million and RMB154.1 million (US$23.6 million) in the fiscal year 2019 and 2020, respectively. Please refer to the section below titled "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" for details.Appointment of Chief Operating OfficerThe Board of Directors of the Company has approved the appointment of Mr. Zelong Li as the Company's Chief Operating Officer, effective March 9, 2021. Mr. Li in his new role, will be responsible for LIZHI's business operations and management. Mr. Li has over 10 years of experience in product planning and design, and has a deep understanding of audio-based entertainment. Mr. Li previously served as the Vice President of Guangzhou Lizhi Network Technology Co., Ltd. since 2010 and the Company's director since March 2019.Prior to joining LIZHI, Mr. Li served as a product manager of Shanghai Labox Information Technology Limited from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Li graduated from Guangdong Mechanical & Electrical College of Technology with a bachelor's degree in computer application.Conference CallThe Company's management will host an earnings conference call at 8:00 AM U.S. Eastern Time on March 9, 2021 (9:00 PM Beijing/Hong Kong Time on March 9, 2021).To facilitate all participants dialing into the earnings conference call, online registration is required prior to the start of the call.Please complete the Direct Event online registration at http://apac.directeventreg.com/registration/event/4669948 at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled call start time. Upon registration, participants will receive by email the conference call access information, including dial-in numbers, Direct Event Passcode, unique Registrant ID, and further detailed instructions.After the registration is completed, please dial-in at least 10 minutes before the scheduled start time of the earnings call and enter the Direct Event Passcode and Registrant ID as instructed to connect to the call.Additionally, a live and archived webcast of the conference call will be available on the Company's investor relations website at http://ir.lizhi.fm.A replay of the conference call will be accessible approximately two hours after the conclusion of the call until March 16, 2021, by dialing the following telephone numbers:United States:+1-855-452-5696International:+61-2-8199-0299Hong Kong, China:800-963-117Mainland China:400-632-2162Replay Access Code:4669948About LIZHI INC.LIZHI INC. has built a cross-border audio ecosystem consisting of audio-based social networks, podcast content portfolios and audio communities. The Company aims to bring people closer together through voices by its product portfolios. LIZHI's audio-based social networking products offering, including Tiya App, caters to users' evolving interest in social interactions in real time online and enables users to connect with friends having similar interests, entertain, chat online, and share their daily lives through voices. LIZHI also offers a vertical podcast platform, LIZHI Podcast, that provides users with curated content drawn from its extensive content library built over the years, as well as new podcasts provided by selected content creators. Since the launch of LIZHI App in 2013, the Company's flagship platform, LIZHI has cultivated a vibrant and growing online UGC audio community and interactive audio entertainment platform where users are encouraged to create, share, discover and enjoy audio, and experience immersive and diversified entertainment features through audio. LIZHI envisions a global audio ecosystem    a place where everyone can be connected through voices and across cultures. LIZHI INC. has been listed on Nasdaq since January 2020.For more information, please visit: http://ir.lizhi.fm.Use of Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresThe unaudited condensed consolidated financial information is prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP").LIZHI uses non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating loss/income, non-GAAP net loss/income, non-GAAP net loss/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders and non-GAAP basic and diluted net loss/income per ADS, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP gross profit is gross profit excluding share-based compensation expenses. Non-GAAP gross margin is non-GAAP gross profit as a percentage of net revenues. Non-GAAP operating loss/income is operating loss/income excluding share-based compensation expenses. Non-GAAP net loss/income is net loss/income excluding share-based compensation expenses. Non-GAAP net loss/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders is net loss/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders excluding accretions to preferred shares redemption value and share-based compensation expenses. Non-GAAP basic and diluted net loss/income per ADS is non-GAAP net loss/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders divided by weighted average number of ADS used in the calculation of basic and diluted net loss/income per ADS. The Company believes that separate analysis and exclusion of the non-cash impact of above reconciling items adds clarity to the constituent parts of its performance. The Company reviews these non-GAAP financial measures together with GAAP financial measures to obtain a better understanding of its operating performance. It uses the non-GAAP financial measure for planning, forecasting and measuring results against the forecast. The Company believes that non-GAAP financial measure is useful supplemental information for investors and analysts to assess its operating performance without the non-cash effect of accretions to preferred shares redemption value and share-based compensation expenses.However, the use of non-GAAP financial measures has material limitations as an analytical tool. One of the limitations of using non-GAAP financial measures is that they do not include all items that impact the Company's net loss for the period. In addition, because non-GAAP financial measures are not measured in the same manner by all companies, they may not be comparable to other similar titled measures used by other companies. In light of the foregoing limitations, you should not consider non-GAAP financial measure in isolation from, superior to, or as an alternative to the financial measure prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For more information on these non-GAAP financial measures, please see the table captioned "Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results" near the end of this release. Statement Regarding Preliminary Unaudited Financial InformationThe unaudited financial information set out in this earnings release is preliminary and subject to potential adjustments. Adjustments to the condensed consolidated financial statements may be identified when audit work has been performed for the Company's year-end audit, which could result in significant differences from the preliminary unaudited financial information contained in this earnings release.Exchange Rate InformationThis announcement contains translations of certain RMB amounts into U.S. dollars at a specified rate solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise noted, all translations from RMB to U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars to RMB are made at a rate of RMB6.5250 to US$1.00, the exchange rate on December 31, 2020 set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board. The Company makes no representation that the RMB or U.S. dollars amounts referred could be converted into U.S. dollars or RMB, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all.  Safe Harbor StatementThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the Company's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and a number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as "may", "will," "expect," "anticipate," "target," "aim," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "potential," "continue," "is/are likely to" or other similar expressions. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties or factors is included in the Company's filings with the Securities Exchange Commission. All information provided in this press release is as of the date of this press release, and the Company does not undertake any duty to update such information, except as required under applicable law.For investor and media inquiries, please contact:In China:LIZHI INC.  IR Department  Tel: +86 (20) 3866-4265  E-mail: ir@lizhi.fmThe Piacente Group, Inc.  Jenny Cai  Tel: +86 (10) 6508-0677  E-mail: Lizhi@tpg-ir.comIn the United States:The Piacente Group, Inc.  Brandi Piacente  Tel: +1-212-481-2050  E-mail: Lizhi@tpg-ir.comLIZHI INC.UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  (All amounts in thousands, except for share, ADS, per share data and per ADS data)  December   31,  2019  December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020  RMB RMB US$ASSETS      Current assets      Cash and cash equivalents 82,709 315,459 48,346Short-term investments - 73,022 11,191Restricted cash - 3,695 566Accounts receivable, net 2,979 8,361 1,281Prepayments and other current assets 18,774 19,371 2,969       Total current assets 104,462 419,908 64,353       Non-current assets      Property, equipment and leasehold improvement, net 32,387 34,518 5,290Intangible assets, net 1,701 2,929 449Right-of-use assets, net (1) - 4,282 656Other non-current assets 2,133 2,181 334       Total non-current assets 36,221 43,910 6,729       TOTAL ASSETS 140,683 463,818 71,082       LIABILITIES      Current liabilities      Accounts payable 72,299 78,267 11,995Deferred revenue 14,530 17,001 2,606Salary and welfare payable 68,935 93,288 14,297Taxes payable 2,631 5,809 890Short-term loans - 39,508 6,055Lease liabilities due within one year (1) - 3,709 568Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 33,729 51,047 7,823       Total current liabilities 192,124 288,629 44,234       Non-current liabilities      Lease liabilities (1) - 587 90Other non-current liabilities - 5,411 829       Total non-current liabilities - 5,998 919       TOTAL LIABILITIES 192,124 294,627 45,153       MEZZANINE EQUITY      Series A convertible redeemable preferred shares 344,876 - -Series B convertible redeemable preferred shares 400,476 - -Series C convertible redeemable preferred shares 485,302 - -Series C1 convertible redeemable preferred shares 117,973 - -Series C1+ convertible redeemable preferred shares 92,966 - -Series D convertible redeemable preferred shares 438,439 - -Series D1 convertible redeemable preferred shares 66,958 - -TOTAL MEZZANINE EQUITY 1,946,990 - -        LIZHI INC.UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED)  (All amounts in thousands, except for share, ADS, per share data and per ADS data)  December   31,  2019  December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020  RMB RMB US$       SHAREHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)/EQUITY      Ordinary shares (US$0.0001 par value, 930,963,910 and 1,500,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020, respectively, 285,428,430 issued and 260,000,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2019 and 941,464,520 shares issued and 924,318,450 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2020, respectively). 189 640 98Treasury stock (18) (12) (2)Additional paid in capital - 2,409,753 369,311Accumulated deficit (2,003,031) (2,239,281) (343,185)Accumulated other comprehensive income 4,429 (1,909) (293)TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)/EQUITY (1,998,431) 169,191 25,929      TOTAL LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS' (DEFICIT)/EQUITY 140,683 463,818 71,082(1) The Company has adopted ASC No. 2016-02, Leases "ASU 2016-02" beginning January 1, 2020 using the modified retrospective method, with the comparative information not being restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods. The only major impact of the standard is that assets and liabilities amounting to RMB12 million respectively were recognized beginning January 1, 2020 for leased office space with terms of more than 12 months.LIZHI INC.UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  (All amounts in thousands, except for share, ADS, per share data and per ADS data)  Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended  December  31,  2019 September   30,  2020 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2019 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020  RMB RMB RMB US$ RMB RMB US$               Net revenues              Audio entertainment revenues 360,353 355,810 414,731 63,560 1,167,934 1,481,120 226,992Podcast, advertising and other revenues 4,925 5,650 5,522 846 12,663 21,788 3,339Total net revenues 365,278 361,460 420,253 64,406 1,180,597 1,502,908 230,331Cost of revenues (1) (300,835) (270,853) (301,250) (46,169) (910,155) (1,134,678) (173,897)Gross profit 64,443 90,607 119,003 18,237 270,442 368,230 56,434               Operating expenses (1)              Selling and marketing expenses (28,805) (27,131) (48,682) (7,461) (208,550) (142,734) (21,875)General and administrative expenses (15,056) (17,406) (20,283) (3,109) (45,714) (88,856) (13,618)Research and development expenses (52,303) (55,625) (56,442) (8,650) (158,015) (225,329) (34,533)Total operating expenses (96,164) (100,162) (125,407) (19,220) (412,279) (456,919) (70,026)               Operating loss (31,721) (9,555) (6,404) (983) (141,837) (88,689) (13,592)               Interest income/(expenses), net 37 (661) (366) (56) 300 (1,796) (275)Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 6 (32) (158) (24) 1,178 (836) (128)Investment income - 382 464 71 - 1,241 190Government grants 3,070 4,033 3,198 490 9,452 12,870 1,972Others, net (342) (241) (1,582) (242) (2,050) (3,975) (609)               Loss before income taxes (28,950) (6,074) (4,848) (744) (132,957) (81,185) (12,442)               Income tax expenses - - (999) (153) - (999) (153)               Net loss (28,950) (6,074) (5,847) (897) (132,957) (82,184) (12,595)               Accretions to preferred shares redemption value (273,822) - - - (940,186) (154,066) (23,612)               Net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders (302,772) (6,074) (5,847) (897) (1,073,143) (236,250) (36,207)                LIZHI INC.UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)  (All amounts in thousands, except for share, ADS, per share data and per ADS data)  Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended  December  31,  2019 September   30,  2020 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2019 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020  RMB RMB RMB US$ RMB RMB US$               Net loss (28,950) (6,074) (5,847) (897) (132,957) (82,184) (12,595)               Other comprehensive income/(loss):              Foreign currency translation adjustments (973) (6,181) (6,609) (1,013) 671 (6,338) (971)Total comprehensive loss (29,923) (12,255) (12,456) (1,910) (132,286) (88,522) (13,566)Accretions to preferred shares redemption value (273,822) - - - (940,186) (154,066) (23,612)Comprehensive loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders (303,745) (12,255) (12,456) (1,910) (1,072,472) (242,588) (37,178)               Net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders per share              Basic (1.16) (0.01) (0.01) (0.00) (4.13) (0.27) (0.04)Diluted (1.16) (0.01) (0.01) (0.00) (4.13) (0.27) (0.04)Weighted average number of ordinary shares              Basic 260,000,000 922,272,330 929,423,396 929,423,396 260,000,000 883,202,412 883,202,412Diluted 260,000,000 922,272,330 929,423,396 929,423,396 260,000,000 883,202,412 883,202,412               Net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders per ADS              Basic (23.29) (0.13) (0.13) (0.02) (82.55) (5.35) (0.82)Diluted (23.29) (0.13) (0.13) (0.02) (82.55) (5.35) (0.82)Weighted average number of ADS              Basic 13,000,000 46,113,617 46,471,170 46,471,170 13,000,000 44,160,121 44,160,121Diluted 13,000,000 46,113,617 46,471,170 46,471,170 13,000,000 44,160,121 44,160,121(1) Share-based compensation was allocated in cost of revenues and operating expenses as follows:  Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended  December  31,  2019 September   30,  2020 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2019 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020  RMB RMB RMB US$ RMB RMB US$               Cost of revenues - 1,264 3,572 547 - 14,789 2,267Selling and marketing expenses - 236 438 67 - 2,370 363General and administrative expenses - 2,401 4,306 660 - 16,128 2,472Research and development expenses - 2,740 2,942 451 - 17,454 2,675               LIZHI INC.UNAUDITED RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP AND NON-GAAP RESULTS  (All amounts in thousands, except for share, ADS, per share data and per ADS data)  Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended  December  31,  2019 September   30,  2020 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2019 December  31,  2020 December  31,  2020  RMB RMB RMB US$ RMB RMB US$               Gross profit 64,443 90,607 119,003 18,237 270,442 368,230 56,434Share-based compensation expenses - 1,264 3,572 547 - 14,789 2,267Non-GAAP gross profit 64,443 91,871 122,575 18,784 270,442 383,019 58,701               Operating loss (31,721) (9,555) (6,404) (983) (141,837) (88,689) (13,592)Share-based compensation expenses - 6,641 11,258 1,725 - 50,741 7,777Non-GAAP operating (loss)/income (31,721) (2,914) 4,854 742 (141,837) (37,948) (5,815)               Net loss (28,950) (6,074) (5,847) (897) (132,957) (82,184) (12,595)Share-based compensation expenses - 6,641 11,258 1,725 - 50,741 7,777Non-GAAP net (loss)/income (28,950) 567 5,411 828 (132,957) (31,443) (4,818)                              Net loss attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders (302,772) (6,074) (5,847) (897) (1,073,143) (236,250) (36,207)Share-based compensation expenses - 6,641 11,258 1,725 - 50,741 7,777Accretions to preferred shares redemption value 273,822 - - - 940,186 154,066 23,612Non-GAAP net (loss)/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders (28,950) 567 5,411 828 (132,957) (31,443) (4,818)               Non-GAAP net (loss)/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders per share              Basic (0.11) 0.00 0.01 0.00 (0.51) (0.04) (0.01)Diluted (0.11) 0.00 0.01 0.00 (0.51) (0.04) (0.01)Weighted average number of ordinary shares              Basic 260,000,000 922,272,330 929,423,396 929,423,396 260,000,000 883,202,412 883,202,412Diluted 260,000,000 936,247,945 935,239,904 935,239,904 260,000,000 883,202,412 883,202,412               Non-GAAP net (loss)/income attributable to LIZHI INC.'s ordinary shareholders per ADS              Basic (2.23) 0.01 0.12 0.02 (10.23) (0.71) (0.11)Diluted (2.23) 0.01 0.12 0.02 (10.23) (0.71) (0.11)Weighted average number of ADS              Basic 13,000,000 46,113,617 46,471,170 46,471,170 13,000,000 44,160,121 44,160,121Diluted 13,000,000 46,812,397 46,761,995 46,761,995 13,000,000 44,160,121 44,160,121               Load-Date: March 9, 2021End of Document

High Speed Connector Industry in Asia Pacific to 2027 - Surging Developments in Network Services Presents OpportunitiesGlobeNewswireMarch 18, 2021 Thursday 4:53 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1691 wordsBodyDublin, March  18, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Asia Pacific High Speed Connector Market Forecast to 2027 - COVID-19 Impact and Regional Analysis By Product and Application" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.According to this report the market is expected to reach US$ 2,128.62 million by 2027 from US$ 1,037.51 million in 2019. The market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 9.7 % from 2020 to 2027. The report provides trends prevailing in the APAC high speed connector market along with the drivers and restraints pertaining to the market growth. Surging developments in network services such 5G network and features such as high-speed, flexile, tiny, waterproof connector are the major factor driving the growth of the APAC high speed connector market. However, expensive and technical issues hinder the growth of APAC high speed connector market.In case of COVID-19, APAC is highly affected specially the India. China has significantly large number of electronics and semiconductor manufacturing industry with numerous manufacturers operating and supporting several industries across the globe. The Chinese high speed connector market players have observed tremendous impact on respective business during Q1 of 2020, which have reflected stiff decline in revenue generation, which resulted in loss in China as well as APAC high speed connector market. In addition, China accounts for the significantly higher number of national and international manufacturers which demand high speed connector.The lockdown measures and physical distancing norms imposed by the Chinese government during Q1 has reflected huge fall in demand for the high speed connector, which ultimately resulted in decimation in revenue generation in the high speed connector market. Japan and India are the other two countries that have large number of electronics and semiconductor manufacturers as well as end users. These two countries have also registered higher number of infected cases, and are still continuing the battle against the spread. Though the countries have eased the lockdown norms and have allowed the manufacturing plants to operate, the decrease in demand and supply has been severely affecting the high speed connector market player in both the countries. The recovery period is expected to be by late 2021 as the entire electronics and semiconductor manufacturing sector has been rigorously affected.The APAC high speed connector market is segmented based on product, application, and country. Based on product, the market is segmented into board-to-cable, board-to-board, and others. The board-to-board segment held the largest market share in 2019 and board-to-cable segment is expected to be fastest growing during forecast period. Based on application, the market is segmented into communication, automotive, aerospace & defense, energy & power, electronics, and others. The aerospace & defense sector held the largest market share in 2019 and automotive sector is expected to be fastest growing during forecast period.Fujitsu Limited; Hirose Electric Co., Ltd.; IMS Connector Systems GmbH; Molex, LLC; Neoconix, Inc.; OMRON Corporation; OUPIIN ENTERPRISE CO., LTD; SAMTEC, Inc.; TE Connectivity Ltd.; Yamaichi Electronics Co., Ltd. are among the leading companies in the APAC high speed connector market. The companies are focused on adopting organic growth strategies such as product launches and expansions to sustain their position in the dynamic market. For instance, in 2020, OMRON Corporation introduced XP2U-001 testing socket for devices equipped with a USB Type-C 3.1 compliant connector.Reasons to Buy• Save and reduce time carrying out entry-level research by identifying the growth, size, leading players and segments in the APAC high speed connector market.• Highlights key business priorities in order to assist companies to realign their business strategies• The key findings and recommendations highlight crucial progressive industry trends in the APAC high speed connector market, thereby allowing players across the value chain to develop effective long-term strategies• Develop/modify business expansion plans by using substantial growth offering developed and emerging market.• Scrutinize in-depth APAC market trends and outlook coupled with the factors driving high speed connector market, as well as those hindering it• Enhance the decision-making process by understanding the strategies that underpin commercial interest with respect to client products, segmentation, pricing and distributionKey Topics Covered: 1. Introduction1.1 Study Scope1.2 Research Report Guidance1.3 Market Segmentation2. Key Takeaways3. Research Methodology3.1 Coverage3.2 Secondary Research3.3 Primary Research4. APAC High Speed Connector Market Landscape4.1 Market Overview4.2 APAC PEST Analysis4.3 Ecosystem Analysis5. APAC High Speed Connector Market - Key Market Dynamics5.1 Market Drivers5.1.1 Burgeoning Networking and Communication Sector5.1.2 Escalating Electronics and Infotainment Systems in Automotive Sector5.2 Key Market Restraints5.2.1 Expensive and Technical Issues5.3 Key Market Opportunities5.3.1 Surging Developments in Network Services - 5G Network5.4 Future Trends5.4.1 High-Speed, Flexile, Tiny, Waterproof Connector5.5 Impact Analysis of Drivers and Restraints6. High Speed Connectors Market - APAC Analysis6.1 Overview6.2 APAC High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)6.3 Market Players Ranking7. APAC High Speed Connector Market Analysis, by Product7.1 Overview7.2 APAC High Speed Connector Market, By Product (2019 and 2027)7.3 Board-to-Cable7.3.1 Overview7.3.2 Board-to-Cable: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)7.4 Board-to-Board7.4.1 Overview7.4.2 Board-to-Board: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)7.5 Others7.5.1 Overview7.5.2 Others: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)8. APAC High Speed Connector Market, by Application8.1 Overview8.2 APAC High Speed Connector Market, by Application (2019 and 2027)8.3 Communication8.3.1 Overview8.3.2 Communication: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)8.4 Automotive8.4.1 Overview8.4.2 Automotive: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)8.5 Aerospace & Defense8.5.1 Overview8.5.2 Aerospace & Defense: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)8.6 Energy & Power8.6.1 Overview8.6.2 Energy & Power: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)8.7 Electronics8.7.1 Overview8.7.2 Electronics: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)8.8 Others8.8.1 Overview8.8.2 Others: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)9. APAC High Speed Connector Market Country Analysis9.1 Overview9.1.1 APAC: High Speed Connector Market, by Key Country9.1.1.1 Australia: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)9.1.1.1.1 Australia: High Speed Connector Market, by Product9.1.1.1.2 Australia: High Speed Connector Market, by Application9.1.1.2 China: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)9.1.1.2.1 China: High Speed Connector Market, by Product9.1.1.2.2 China: High Speed Connector Market, by Application9.1.1.3 India: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)9.1.1.3.1 India: High Speed Connector Market, by Product9.1.1.3.2 India: High Speed Connector Market, by Application9.1.1.4 Japan: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)9.1.1.4.1 Japan: High Speed Connector Market, by Product9.1.1.4.2 Japan: High Speed Connector Market, by Application9.1.1.5 South Korea: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)9.1.1.5.1 South Korea: High Speed Connector Market, by Product9.1.1.5.2 South Korea: High Speed Connector Market, by Application9.1.1.6 Rest of APAC: High Speed Connector Market Revenue and Forecast to 2027 (US$ Million)9.1.1.6.1 Rest of APAC: High Speed Connector Market, by Product9.1.1.6.2 Rest of APAC: High Speed Connector Market, by Application10. Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic10.1 APAC: Impact Assessment of COVID-19 Pandemic11. Industry Landscape11.1 Overview11.2 Market Initiative11.3 New Product Development12. Company Profiles12.1 SAMTEC, Inc.12.1.1 Key Facts12.1.2 Business Description12.1.3 Products and Services12.1.4 Financial Overview12.1.5 SWOT Analysis12.1.6 Key Developments12.2 Molex, LLC12.2.1 Key Facts12.2.2 Business Description12.2.3 Products and Services12.2.4 Financial Overview12.2.5 SWOT Analysis12.2.6 Key Developments12.3 TE Connectivity Ltd.12.3.1 Key Facts12.3.2 Business Description12.3.3 Products and Services12.3.4 Financial Overview12.3.5 SWOT Analysis12.3.6 Key Developments12.4 Hirose Electric Co., Ltd.12.4.1 Key Facts12.4.2 Business Description12.4.3 Products and Services12.4.4 Financial Overview12.4.5 SWOT Analysis12.4.6 Key Developments12.5 Yamaichi Electronics Co., Ltd.12.5.1 Key Facts12.5.2 Business Description12.5.3 Products and Services12.5.4 Financial Overview12.5.5 SWOT Analysis12.5.6 Key Developments12.6 Neoconix, Inc.12.6.1 Key Facts12.6.2 Business Description12.6.3 Products and Services12.6.4 Financial Overview12.6.5 SWOT Analysis12.6.6 Key Developments12.7 Fujitsu Limited12.7.1 Key Facts12.7.2 Business Description12.7.3 Products and Services12.7.4 Financial Overview12.7.5 SWOT Analysis12.7.6 Key Developments12.8 OMRON Corporation12.8.1 Key Facts12.8.2 Business Description12.8.3 Products and Services12.8.4 Financial Overview12.8.5 SWOT Analysis12.8.6 Key Developments12.9 IMS Connector Systems GmbH12.9.1 Key Facts12.9.2 Business Description12.9.3 Products and Services12.9.4 Financial Overview12.9.5 SWOT Analysis12.9.6 Key Developments12.10 OUPIIN ENTERPRISE CO., LTD12.10.1 Key Facts12.10.2 Business Description12.10.3 Products and Services12.10.4 Financial Overview12.10.5 SWOT Analysis12.10.6 Key Developments13. Appendix13.1 About the Publisher13.2 Word IndexFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/osr5fkCONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Load-Date: March 18, 2021End of Document

USA blacklists Xiaomi and other Chinese companiesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 15, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 277 wordsBodyHONG KONG— The U.S. government blacklisted Chinese cell phone manufacturer Xiaomi Corp. and China's third-largest oil company for its alleged military ties, increasing pressure on Beijing in President Donald Trump's last week of government.The Department of Defense added nine companies to its list of Chinese firms with military ties, including Xiaomi and state-owned aircraft manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (Comac).U.S. investors will have to get rid of their shares in Chinese companies that are on the military list by November this year, according to an executive order signed by Trump last November.Xiaomi said in a statement that its products are for "civil and commercial use" and assured that it is not owned or affiliated with the Chinese army and that it does not control it either."The company will take appropriate steps to protect the interests of the company and its shareholders," the statement adds, although it did not give details as to what those measures might be.Xiaomi Corp. surpassed Apple Inc. as the world's No. 3 cell phone manufacturer by sales in the third quarter of 2020, according to data from Gartner. Xiaomi's market share grew after Huawei's sales fell when it was blacklisted in the United States and its phones were left without access to Google's essential services.Separately, commerce blacklisted China National Offshore Oil Corp. (CNOOC). This prohibits U.S. companies from exporting or transferring technology to you unless permission has been obtained from the U.S. government. Another 60 Chinese companies were added to the list in December, including drone manufacturer DJI and semiconductor company SMIC.Load-Date: January 16, 2021End of Document

USA blacklists Xiaomi and other Chinese companiesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 15, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 278 wordsBodyHONG KONG (AP) — The U.S. government blacklisted Chinese cell phone manufacturer Xiaomi Corp. and China's third-largest oil company for its alleged military ties, increasing pressure on Beijing in President Donald Trump's last week of government.The Department of Defense added nine companies to its list of Chinese firms with military ties, including Xiaomi and state-owned aircraft manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (Comac).U.S. investors will have to get rid of their shares in Chinese companies that are on the military list by November this year, according to an executive order signed by Trump last November.Xiaomi said in a statement that its products are for "civil and commercial use" and assured that it is not owned or affiliated with the Chinese army and that it does not control it either."The company will take appropriate steps to protect the interests of the company and its shareholders," the statement adds, although it did not give details as to what those measures might be.Xiaomi Corp. surpassed Apple Inc. as the world's No. 3 cell phone manufacturer by sales in the third quarter of 2020, according to data from Gartner. Xiaomi's market share grew after Huawei's sales fell when it was blacklisted in the United States and its phones were left without access to Google's essential services.Separately, commerce blacklisted China National Offshore Oil Corp. (CNOOC). This prohibits U.S. companies from exporting or transferring technology to you unless permission has been obtained from the U.S. government. Another 60 Chinese companies were added to the list in December, including drone manufacturer DJI and semiconductor company SMIC.Load-Date: January 16, 2021End of Document

After nearly three months of mystery, Chinese billionaire Jack Ma reappearedCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 20, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 471 wordsBodyThe billionaire founder of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba,Jack Ma, reappeared in recent hours in a virtual meeting with rural teachers after months without knowing his whereabouts, a time when the relationship between Beijing and the business group he created has deteriorated.In the video, posted on the Tianmu News newspaper portal, published in her home province (Zhejiang, east), Ma greets a hundred rural teachers from the Asian country selected for an award and tells them that "when the epidemic is over, we will meet again."Although his speech makes no mention of his situation, he does mention that during "the last six months" - that is, a period that includes the time he has been away from the spotlight - he has remained active by participating in the teacher selection process for the award he presented.Following the release of the video, Alibaba's shares closed with an 8.52% hike on the Hong Kong stock exchange, having plummeted by more than 18% since the last time the entrepreneur appeared publicly.Ma had not appeared in public since the end of October 2020 and the international press had made conjectures about his whereabouts, creating the term "disappeared" after the friction he had with the Chinese government, which forced the suspension in November of the IPO of his technofinanciera ('fintech') Ant Group, which was to star in the largest public offering in history.In her last public appearance, days before Ant's IPO derailment, Ma had delivered a speech highly critical of Beijing's strategy of minimizing risks in the financial system and with traditional banks, which she said continue to be managed as "pawnshops."Rumors grew in November after Ma did not participate as a jury on the television show 'The Heroes of Business in Africa', founded by himself and in which he was replaced by another Alibaba executive.Meanwhile, the official media maintained for weeks a coordinated mutism that coincided with information on Beijing's alleged orders not to give further media coverage to the recently opened antitrust investigation against the group.Last week, sources aware of the situation had explained to EFE that Ma was trying to keep a "low profile" and that he was"fine," whilecalling rumours that he had been arrested or that authorities had banned him from leaving the country as "unfounded."According to Bloomberg's list of billionaires, Ma is no longer The Richest Man in China as his fortune would have been reduced by about $10 billion to $52.9 billion, now ranked fourth on that list behind the heads of the beverage company Nongfu Spring and the Tencent and Pinduoduo technology companies , rivals of Alibaba.Ma left Alibaba's presidency in 2019 - 20 years after its founding - and has no executive position in Ant, although he is a majority shareholder in it. EfeSource: AgenciesLoad-Date: January 22, 2021End of Document

Rights groups and Olympic leaders in Beijing Games stalemateAssociated Press InternationalMarch 12, 2021 Friday 9:49 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS NEWSLength: 540 wordsByline: GRAHAM DUNBAR, AP Sports WriterDateline: GENEVA BodyGENEVA (AP) — Activists protesting the 2022 Beijing Olympics hoped China’s record on human rights would get on the agenda this week at a major IOC gathering.The International Olympic Committee was just as determined not to speak publicly of the “No Beijing 2022” campaign’s concerns.Words like Uyghur detention camps, Tibet, and Hong Kong, and certainly not genocide, were unspoken by Olympic officials across three days of debate broadcast online, and three news conferences that wrapped on Friday.Instead, the IOC praised Beijing’s Winter Games preparations and announced a vaccine diplomacy deal with China to help inoculate athletes worldwide.Pressed on if the Olympic movement had dismissed the activists’ causes, newly re-elected IOC president Thomas Bach stressed the limits of its political role.“We are not a super-world government where the IOC could solve or even address issues for which not the UN security council, no G7, no G20 has solutions,” Bach said at a news conference on Friday.This insistence on political neutrality has frustrated campaigners uniting around Olympics they have branded “Genocide Games” for the treatment of China’s Muslim minority Uyghur people in the western Xinjiang region.They recalled on Friday their meeting with senior Olympic management last October that took five years to secure.“They repeatedly told us that the IOC’s mission was to create a better world” without discrimination, said Zumretay Arkin, an advocate with the Germany-based World Uyghur Congress.“A better world to us means a free and democratic world where there are no camps, no forced labor factories, no cultural and religious repression,” Arkin told reporters in an online briefing before Bach's media duty.The campaign has urged the IOC to move the 2022 Olympics from Beijing or for a boycott by national teams. About 100 of the 206 national Olympic teams might compete at a Winter Games.Bach is passionately against boycotts after being unable to defend his team fencing title at the 1980 Moscow Olympics. His West Germany team joined the United States in refusing to go in protest at the Soviet Union’s invasion of Afghanistan.“Why would you punish the athletes from your own country if you have a dispute with a government from another country?” Bach said. “This just makes no real sense.”A more recent history lesson is cited by “No Beijing 2022” -- how the IOC said China would become more open and tolerant through Beijing hosting the 2008 Olympics.“There was a total lack of (IOC) recognition of mistakes around the 2008 Games,” said Gloria Montgomery, of the International Tibet Network, about the October meeting in Lausanne, Switzerland.If a widespread boycott is unlikely, athletes could play a role amid growing activism in sports and direct engagement with fans and sponsors.Teng Biao, a Chinese human rights lawyer, suggested Olympic athletes could show support through social media posts, wearing T-shirts with slogans, or refusing to attend the Feb. 4 opening ceremony“We do hope the athletes and other participants at the Olympics can do something,” he said, “to send a message to the Chinese government and to the world.”___AP Olympics: https://apnews.com/hub/olympic-games and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsLoad-Date: March 12, 2021End of Document

Machines that learn: The origin story of artificial intelligence; AI may have had a slow start, but companies like Google and Facebook are pursuing it like a modern-day gold rush.The Christian Science MonitorMarch 23, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Christian Science Publishing Society All Rights ReservedSection: BooksLength: 753 wordsByline: Seth Stern CorrespondentBodyLee Sedol, a world champion in the Chinese strategy board game Go, faced a new kind of adversary at a 2016 match in Seoul.Developers at DeepMind, an artificial intelligence startup acquired by Google, had fed 30 million Go moves into a deep neural network. Their creation, dubbed AlphaGo, then figured out which moves worked by playing millions of games against itself, learning at a faster rate than any human ever could.The match, which AlphaGo won 4 to 1, "was the moment when the new movement in artificial intelligence exploded into the public consciousness," technology journalist Cade Metz writes in his engaging new book, "Genius Makers: The Mavericks Who Brought AI to Google, Facebook, and the World."Metz, who covers AI for The New York Times and previously wrote for Wired magazine, is well positioned to chart the decades-long effort to build artificially intelligent machines. His straightforward writing perfectly translates industry jargon for technologically un-savvy readers (like me) who might be unfamiliar with what it means for a machine to engage in "deep learning" or master tasks through its own experiences.Metz chronicles the mad 21st-century gold rush of AI, in which American frontrunner Google has competed domestically (against rivals like Facebook and Microsoft) as well as internationally (against Chinese competitors like Baidu). Each company has spent billions on research, gobbled up startups, and attempted to lure a small pool of talent with the kind of money and urgency usually associated with top NFL prospects. China has announced plans to be the world leader in AI by 2030.But it wasn't always so frenetic. Metz shares the origins of AI in 1958, when a Cornell professor successfully taught a computer to learn. The machine was as wide as a kitchen refrigerator, and was fed cards marked with small squares on either the left or right sides. After reading about 50 of them, it began to correctly identify which cards were which - thanks to programming based on the human brain.Overhyped expectations exceeded the technology of the era, and the study of so-called neural networks capable of replicating human intelligence remained largely fallow in subsequent decades. Even so, by 1991 the technology had advanced to a point that a machine could learn to identify connections on a family tree or drive a Chevy from Pittsburgh to Erie, Pennsylvania.As interest in AI waxed and waned, early progress in the field came from just a handful of scientists. Metz focuses on Geoffrey Hinton, a British-born Canadian scientist who sold his startup to Google and subsequently won the Turing Award - the Nobel Prize of computing.Metz's description of Hinton and the many graduate students he trained at the University of Toronto is a window into the work of a genius. Another pioneer, Demis Hassabis, a co-founder of DeepMind, started off creating computer games before setting out to build "artificial general intelligence" capable of doing anything the human brain could do.Artificial intelligence, which is still in its infancy, has already remade speech and image recognition and is helping Big Tech companies predict what words you'll type in an email or what ads you'll click on next.The potential is immense. So are the risks, and Metz touches on some of the pitfalls that have already emerged.For one thing, AI's output is only as good as the information used to train it. Big Tech companies have, in many instances, relied disproportionately on photos of white men to train photo-recognition tools. That practice led to the awful moment in 2015 when Google Photos labeled pictures of Black people as "gorillas."And the same technology that helps self-driving cars identify pedestrians might also help make drone strikes more accurate. Google faced an internal revolt over plans to work with the U.S. Department of Defense.Metz cites New York Times reporting that the Chinese government worked with AI companies to build facial-recognition technology that could help track and control its minority Uighur population.For the most part, though, Metz focuses less on the ethics of AI - and its potentially troubling future applications - than he does on how researchers got to the present moment.Perhaps there will come a day when artificially intelligent robots can read Metz's book as a history of the baby steps that got them there: viewing millions of YouTube videos to learn how to recognize cats and mastering games like Go.Seth Stern is an editor at Bloomberg Industry Group.Load-Date: March 23, 2021End of Document

Why Analysts See More Upside To Baidu Stock Over The 200% Surge In Past YearBenzinga.comMarch 23, 2021 Tuesday 9:46 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Accretive Capital LLC d/b/a Benzinga All Rights ReservedLength: 419 wordsByline: Madhukumar WarrierBodyChinese internet firm Baidu Inc. s (NASDAQ: BIDU) U.S.-listed shares have rallied more than 200% over the past year. Analysts now see further upside for the Chinese technology giant s shares as it lists in Hong Kong, according to a report by CNBC.What Happened:Shares of Baidu made their debut in a Hong Kong secondary listing on Tuesday, but rose less than 1%. The Beijing-based company is best known for its eponymous search engine.Baidu s U.S.-listed shares touched a nearly seven-low of $83.62 in March last year, but have since rallied more than 200% and touched an all-time high of $354.82 in February this year.Brendan Ahern, chief investment officer at KraneShares, told  Squawk Box Asia  on Tuesday that Baidu s investments since 2014 in electric vehicles, cloud computing, integrating AI are now beginning to pay off, as per the CNBC report.James Lee, U.S. and China internet analyst at Mizuho Securities, reportedly told  Street Signs Asia  that the Chinese government s continued support for the autonomous driving industry and Baidu s advertising business gaining momentum in the first quarter of this year are expected to help the company to outperform the market.See Also: Price Over Earnings Overview: BaiduWhy It Matters: Baidu has in recent years has intensified its focus on AI technology and autonomous driving in order to diversify its revenue streams.The company s AI technology has helped it to land partnerships across a variety of sectors, from finance to transportation. In January, the company said it was forming an intelligent electric vehicle (EV) company and forging a strategic partnership with Volvo parent Geely Automobile Holdings Limited(OTC: GELYF).Baidu also places a lot of emphasis on its Apollo self-driving technology. The company said earlier this month that Baidu Apollo jointly won a bid to construct a 5G intelligent driving project in Chengdu in a tender worth RMB 105 million.It was recently reported that Baidu s AI chip unit Kunlun s recent fundraising valued the business at around $2 billion.Price Action: Baidu shares closed almost 3.4% higher on Monday at $266.13.Read Next: Tesla On Geely's Mind As It Launches A High-End EV Line: ReutersPhoto by simone.brunozzi on FlickrLatest Ratings for BIDUDateFirmActionFromToFeb 2021KeyBancMaintainsOverweightFeb 2021BarclaysMaintainsOverweightFeb 2021MizuhoMaintainsBuyView More Analyst Ratings for BIDUView the Latest Analyst Ratings© 2021 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 23, 2021End of Document

Frank Biden's actions already testing Joe Biden's ethics claimsCNN WireFebruary 4, 2021 Thursday 00:57Invalid date found for VDI: hf4fa5aea699b1acad4e7d6856fa9abfa XCEDOCID: 7 LNI: 624X-X011-JBSS-S02B-00000-00. Date output 'as-is'.GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 885 wordsByline: By Sunlen Serfaty and Maegan Vazquez, CNNDateline: (CNN) BodyPresident Joe Biden said at the start of his administration that family conflicts of interest would not be tolerated in his White House, but not two weeks into his presidency, his brother's actions as a part of his employment at a law firm in Florida are raising questions about how he'll implement that pledge.Francis "Frank" Biden, the President's brother, was hired as a non-attorney, senior adviser for Berman Law Group, a Boca Raton law firm in 2018. The firm frequently touts Frank Biden's ties to the President, featuring Frank and his family connections prominently on their website, in ads and on social media.As Frank Biden was with his brother in Washington for the inauguration last month, the firm placed a two-page "advertorial" in a local Florida newspaper emphasizing the shared values between "the two Biden brothers." With Frank Biden's image placed prominently in the center of the ad, it also mentioned the firm's lawsuit against sugar cane growers "filed against the backdrop of incoming President Joseph Biden Jr.'s commitment to environmental and social justice(.)"Last week, the White House said that it is its policy to not let businesses imply they have Biden's support or endorsement. But they declined to comment on the record specifically about the advertisement.On Wednesday, a White House official told CNN that there is currently a process in place that involves the White House Counsel's Office and family representatives to address issues as they may arise any questions of potential conflicts of interest.In 2020, before the November election, the firm also launched two lawsuits against China and other Chinese government entities related to the coronavirus outbreak. Press releases for the two lawsuits mention that "Francis Biden, Joe Biden's brother, is a senior advisor of the firm."The firm says that Frank Biden was not involved in the cases."We have not spoken with Federal Government officials about any of our cases. There have been no discussions between the firm (including Frank Biden), with President Biden, the campaign, transition, or administration about the law firm or any cases, including China related matters, nor will there be,"  Matthew Moore, an attorney at the Berman Law Group, said in a statement to CNN.The Washington Post reported Wednesday the firm shared a statement on Instagram in 2018 that read: "Joe Biden's brother joins The Berman Law Group." A March 2019 Instagram post of an ad in the Boca Raton Observer shared by the firm's profile boasted that Biden would provide clients "an unrivaled personal network of contacts." The Post also reported that the law firm deleted a social media post published after the January inauguration that highlighted the President's halt to deportations while advertising free consultations for services.But the firm has made ample public note of their politically connected employee.The President and the White House maintain that the Biden family will keep its distance from West Wing affairs."President Biden has set and maintained the highest ethical standards for himself, his administration, and those around him, and he has pledged an 'absolute wall' with any family member's private business interests. Any implication to the contrary is flatly untrue and unsupported by the facts," Michael Gwin, a White House spokesperson, said in a statement.Biden told People Magazine in an interview published Wednesday that his family members will not play a role in federal decision-making."We're going to run this like the Obama-Biden Administration," Biden said. "No one in our family and extended family is going to be involved in any government undertaking or foreign policy."He added, "And nobody has an office in this place. They always have access to Pop and Nana but nobody (will have an office)."The President also indicated that he's tried to avoid the perception of conflicts of interest during his years in public office."I remember years ago an accountant said, 'You know, you can charge (the Senate) part of the gas you use in the vehicle at your home.' And I said, 'No,' " Biden said. "Here's how I look at it: The foul line is 15 feet away from the basket. Never get me closer than 17 feet, because it really is a matter of the public trust."But questions about the actions of family members extend beyond Frank Biden.The President faced scrutiny throughout his presidential campaign over his son Hunter Biden's business dealings, which included being on the board of a Ukrainian natural gas company. Hunter Biden asserted in a 2019 interview with ABC News that he "did nothing wrong at all" but he admitted that holding the position while his father was vice president showed "poor judgment."Then-President Donald Trump, his attorney Rudy Giuliani and his Republican allies used questions about Biden's foreign business ties in an attempt to characterize the Biden family as corrupt.Politico reported last month that there were internal discussions about whether the President's sister, Val, would get an office at the White House. But the White House says no family members will be given an office in the West Wing.                      CNN's Caroline Kelly and Heather Butler contributed to this report.         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 5, 2021End of Document

Frank Biden's actions already testing Joe Biden's ethics claimsCNN WireFebruary 4, 2021 Thursday 00:57Invalid date found for VDI: 1612376897 XCEDOCID: 1 LNI: 61XH-JN71-JBSS-S0Y8-00000-00. Date output 'as-is'.GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 885 wordsByline: By Sunlen Serfaty and Maegan Vazquez, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  President Joe Biden said at the start of his administration that family conflicts of interest would not be tolerated in his White House, but not two weeks into his presidency, his brother's actions as a part of his employment at a law firm in Florida are raising questions about how he'll implement that pledge. Francis "Frank" Biden, the President's brother, was hired as a non-attorney, senior adviser for Berman Law Group, a Boca Raton law firm in 2018. The firm frequently touts Frank Biden's ties to the President, featuring Frank and his family connections prominently on their website, in ads and on social media. As Frank Biden was with his brother in Washington for the inauguration last month, the firm placed a two-page "advertorial" in a local Florida newspaper emphasizing the shared values between "the two Biden brothers." With Frank Biden's image placed prominently in the center of the ad, it also mentioned the firm's lawsuit against sugar cane growers "filed against the backdrop of incoming President Joseph Biden Jr.'s commitment to environmental and social justice(.)" Last week, the White House said that it is its policy to not let businesses imply they have Biden's support or endorsement. But they declined to comment on the record specifically about the advertisement. On Wednesday, a White House official told CNN that there is currently a process in place that involves the White House Counsel's Office and family representatives to address issues as they may arise any questions of potential conflicts of interest.In 2020, before the November election, the firm also launched two lawsuits against China and other Chinese government entities related to the coronavirus outbreak. Press releases for the two lawsuits mention that "Francis Biden, Joe Biden's brother, is a senior advisor of the firm." The firm says that Frank Biden was not involved in the cases. "We have not spoken with Federal Government officials about any of our cases. There have been no discussions between the firm (including Frank Biden), with President Biden, the campaign, transition, or administration about the law firm or any cases, including China related matters, nor will there be," Matthew Moore, an attorney at the Berman Law Group, said in a statement to CNN. The Washington Post reported Wednesday the firm shared a statement on Instagram in 2018 that read: "Joe Biden's brother joins The Berman Law Group." A March 2019 Instagram post of an ad in the Boca Raton Observer shared by the firm's profile boasted that Biden would provide clients "an unrivaled personal network of contacts." The Post also reported that the law firm deleted a social media post published after the January inauguration that highlighted the President's halt to deportations while advertising free consultations for services. But the firm has made ample public note of their politically connected employee.The President and the White House maintain that the Biden family will keep its distance from West Wing affairs. "President Biden has set and maintained the highest ethical standards for himself, his administration, and those around him, and he has pledged an 'absolute wall' with any family member's private business interests. Any implication to the contrary is flatly untrue and unsupported by the facts," Michael Gwin, a White House spokesperson, said in a statement. Biden told People Magazine in an interview published Wednesday that his family members will not play a role in federal decision-making. "We're going to run this like the Obama-Biden Administration," Biden said. "No one in our family and extended family is going to be involved in any government undertaking or foreign policy." He added, "And nobody has an office in this place. They always have access to Pop and Nana but nobody (will have an office)."The President also indicated that he's tried to avoid the perception of conflicts of interest during his years in public office. "I remember years ago an accountant said, 'You know, you can charge (the Senate) part of the gas you use in the vehicle at your home.' And I said, 'No,' " Biden said. "Here's how I look at it: The foul line is 15 feet away from the basket. Never get me closer than 17 feet, because it really is a matter of the public trust."But questions about the actions of family members extend beyond Frank Biden.The President faced scrutiny throughout his presidential campaign over his son Hunter Biden's business dealings, which included being on the board of a Ukrainian natural gas company. Hunter Biden asserted in a 2019 interview with ABC News that he "did nothing wrong at all" but he admitted that holding the position while his father was vice president showed "poor judgment."Then-President Donald Trump, his attorney Rudy Giuliani and his Republican allies used questions about Biden's foreign business ties in an attempt to characterize the Biden family as corrupt. Politico reported last month that there were internal discussions about whether the President's sister, Val, would get an office at the White House. But the White House says no family members will be given an office in the West Wing. CNN's Caroline Kelly and Heather Butler contributed to this report. TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: February 3, 2021End of Document

Chinese regime prevents talk of Covid-19 with WHO researchersCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 27, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 382 wordsBodyWUHAN.- Relatives of covid-19 deaths in Wuhan confirmed wednesday that Chinese authorities have eliminated their communication group on WeChat and are pressuring them to remain silent before the World Health Organization (WHO) expert group in the city to investigate the origins of the SARS-CoV-2 virus.In addition, the mourners of coronavirus fatalities in China are thwarted by official resistance, surveillance of social media groups, and intimidation.So the pressure has intensified in recent days, apparently to silence any criticism during the delicate research of the World Health Organization (WHO).A group on the WeChat social network, used by between 80 and 100 family members over the past year, was suddenly eliminated and without explanation about ten days ago, said Zhang Hai, a member of the group and highly critical of managing the outbreak.This shows that - the Chinese authorities - they are very nervous. They are afraid that these families will contact WHO experts, said Zhang, 51, whose father died at the beginning of the pandemic on suspicion of Covid-19.As will be remembered, WHO experts arrived in Wuhan on 14 January and are scheduled to have completed their 14-day quarantine tomorrow Thursday.When WHO arrived in Wuhan - the authorities - they forsate the group. As a result, we have lost contact with many members, Zhang added.It should be noted that relatives accuse the provincial governments of Wuhan and Hubei of allowing the Covid-19 to get out of control, first to try to hide the outbreak when it first emerged in the city, in December 2019, and then for not alerting the public.Agreeing with official Chinese figures, the coronavirus killed nearly 3,900 people in Wuhan, the vast majority of China's 4,636 dead. However, most relatives are suspicious of these figures because of a lack of testing in the early days of the outbreak.So far the Covid-19 has killed more than two million people worldwide.For its part, the Chinese Communist Party government hides any issues that may manifest a bad image of its government and the early days of the virus remain a rather sensitive issue.Wuhan's relatives therefore tried to file lawsuits to seek compensation and convict officials, but say the courts have refused to accept them. With information from AlmomentoLoad-Date: January 28, 2021End of Document

Sinovac vaccine to begin to be applied from this Saturday, confirmed Marcelo EbrardCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 20, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 735 wordsBodyThe CoronaVac vaccine, from China's Sinovac laboratory, will begin to be applied from this Saturday, along with the assets of Pfizer and AstraZeneca, Mexican Chancellor Marcelo Ebrard reported, while announ that a total of 10 million doses of the Chinese vaccine will arrive in our country in the following weeks.Through his Twitter account, Ebrard wrote: "The 200,000 doses of the Sinovac vaccine arrived from Hong Kong. Starting today Mexico will be applying Pfizer, AstraZeneca and Sinovac vaccines. A total of 10 million doses of this vaccine will arrive in the following weeks."On a second tweet, Ebrard Casaubón thanked Chinese Ambassador Zhu Qingqiao. "Thank you Ambassador Zhu Qingqiao for responding to the call of President Lopez Obrador who, still ill with Covid19, led the efforts to have this new one. Mexico will always remember your support and China's at this difficult time. Thank !!, the Mexican chancellor wrote.Subsequently, Marcelo Ebrard published an image reading the following message in Chinese and Spanish: "Mexico thanks the people and government of the People's Republic of China for their solidarity and cooperation in difficult times. We are and will always be friends peoples, text signed by the Government of Mexico and the Secretariat of Foreign Affairs.This morning came the first shipment of 200,000 sinovac vaccines to Mexico City International Airport, which was received by Martha Delgado, Undersecretary for Multilateral Affairs and Human Rights of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (SRE), China's ambassador to Mexico, Zhu Qingqiao; isSSTE CEO Luis Antonio Ramirez and the surgeon and homeopathic physician of the National Polytechnic Institute (IPN), Pedro Zenteno Santaella.From the afternoon of Friday, February 19, Mexican Chancellor Marcelo Ebrard reported the arrival in Mexico of the first 200,000 doses of the Sinovac vaccine, while clarifying that it was a donation by the Chinese government.Mexico's president, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, had advanced last Tuesday that there was already an agreement for the first million vaccines."Sinovac is closing the deal next Monday for 1 million vaccines. Of those vaccines, we're going to use 200 first and the remaining 800,000 have to settle down," he said at his morning press conference.CoronaVac is a chemically inactivated version of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, which causes COVID-19. It is different from other vaccines such as that developed by Pfizer-BioNTech, which occupy DNA chains of the virus to instruct the cells of the vaccinated person to produce some SARS-CoV-2 virus proteins that are then detected by the immune system that develops the defenses against the virus.In the case of CoronaVac, it does deal with a "traditional" method in which an inactive and safe version of the virus is introduced into the body of the vaccinated person for the immune system to recognize and develop defenses to combat the disease.Every morning in your email: subscribe to the Infobae Mexico newsletter Based on the results of phase 1 and 2 of clinical trials to evaluate the safety, tolerability and ability of the vaccine to cause an immune reaction in humans, the vaccine is able to protect against COVID-19 without producing serious adverse reactions. For phase 2, a group of 118 people were given 6 micrograms of the drug, with a second dose at 28 days. The results revealed a robust immune response: the 118 people vaccinated generated antibodies against the SARS-CoV-2 virus.In addition, the same study also showed that CoronaVac can produce a sufficient immune response if the second dose of the vaccine is given 14 days afterFirst.Regarding side effects, the Brazilian government, the country where Phase 3 clinical trials are being conducted, revealed that after the first dose, only 19% had local pain at the injection site and 15% headache.After the second dose, the Butantan Institute, which conducts phase 3 clinical trials for CoronaVac, again reported 19% relative to local pain, 10% of people had a headache, 4% of people suffered fatigue and only 0.1% had low fever.MORE OF THIS THEME:The first shipment of Chinese COVID-19 vaccines arrived in the CDMX: SRE received 200,000 dosesCoronavac and Sputnik V vaccines will arrive in the coming days; will apply in the Valley of MexicoMap of the coronavirus in Mexico February 20: five states in the center of the country concentrate the highest number of deadLoad-Date: February 21, 2021End of Document

Wuhan's photographyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 2, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 712 wordsBodyThe image put Wuhan city back on the cover of newspapers around the world. Thousands of people gathered to celebrate the 2021 entrance in front of the old customs building.Balloons of all colors were part of a scenery mounted by local authorities. The main buildings dusk illuminated purple that in China is used to celebrate fortune.The same image is capable of detonating two discordant emotions within the brain: hope and anger.The photo feet of these images, posted on most portals, convey a contradictory message. On the one hand the hopeful end of the pandemic and on the other the blatant signaling for the worst health crisis of contemporary times.Within a year of SARS-CoV 2 erupting, claims against that Chinese population still float with density. Scientific ignorance about the origin of the virus allows visitors to Wuhan Wet Market to be accused of having led the bug to jump from pangolin to humans.A variation of this legend says that we owe the disease to some people's taste for bat meat.The truth is that the evidence is moving further and further away from pangolins and bats. In any case the market would have been a spreading site for the virus, but not the place where the mutation occurred.Another species that is also often thrown as a stigma is a so-called laboratory where the virus would have been genetically manufactured by Chinese scientists who got out of control of some experiment.This hypothesis has also not been substantiated and yet from the White House in Washington DC, they were responsible for giving it credibility.The probability of it being true is as much as Iraq was made weapons of mass destruction.Useless conspiracy theories that lead nowhere.Wuhan is not the city of the cursed pangolin, nor the bat that allowed the mutation or the laboratory where misfortune was manufactured. Wuhan is just the first city to experience the tragedy.Its inhabitants found before the rest of the planet that the disease had no cure, that it attacked the most vulnerable, that it was highly contagious and that it was going to change the world.Wuhan hospitals were the first to become saturated and their medical staff advanced with the experience of risk and death.This population of 11 million people underscored the global confinement and transformation of daily life.Wuhan was the origin, but not responsible for the original sin. Despite our obsession with understanding everything, we probably won't know the starting point for sure.We do not have the courage to accept the limit of our knowledge and that is why Wuhan's image vibrates the most petty and deformed stigmas of 2020.Perhaps to challenge them was that the Wuhan authorities organized an eloquent welcome again year: the game of purple lights and the brightly colored balloons.The gathering of more than a thousand hopeful souls with which the worst has already happened, the effort to transcend the mourning of the 4,000 people who departed first, the belief that the uncertainty of an epidemic that when it began only allowed to fear the worst has been left behind.Before the end of this January, a commission of scientists from the World Health Organization will visit Wuhan on a mission to find out what is possible to find out.China's government says it is open to any investigation to mitigate speculation.Contrasts with this encouragement of transparency the sentence of four years in prison against lawyer and journalist Zhang Zhan accused of having committed the crime of reporting what happened during the firstmonths of the pandemic in Wuhan.She is proof that, in the face of uncertainty, the Chinese government decided to hide information. Since last June, Zhang has underned a hunger strike that could soon lead her to lose her life. He has protested with his body to conjure up the manipulation of the evidence, wherever it comes from.There will be no way to keep the best part of the New Year's image in Wuhan if Zhang Zhan dies in jail. There will be no bright or festive side.True hope happens with the embrace that doesn't claim anyone.Wuhan was the beginning and it will also be a loop that will close the tragedy the day we stop looking for culprits. This is the sincere message of a photograph to be part of the history of our generation. @ricardomraphaelLoad-Date: January 3, 2021End of Document

Biden curbs plan to force sale of TikTok in U.S.CE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 11, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 511 wordsBodyWashingtonJoe Biden's administration suspended the plan to force TikTok to dived away from his U.S. assets while assessing the alleged security risks of the popular Chinese application, The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday.Citing unidentified sources, the media claimed that the new government had indefinitely filed the plan to demand the sale of the popular TikTok social video network, owned by Chinese company ByteDance, to us technology giant Oracle, with Walmart as a retail partner, especially after TikTok's legal counter-offensive reaped some success."It is not true to suggest that there is (in this case) a new step" taken by the Biden administration, replied Jen Psaki, White House spokesperson at a press conference. "If we have ads to do, we will," he added.UNDER REVIEWPsaki confirmed, as advanced by The Wall Street Journal, that the Biden administration is reviewing former President Donald Trump's efforts to address the alleged national security risks posed by Chinese technology companies, including the collection of data from U.S. users."It's a general review that extends beyond TikTok, of course," she said.Former President Donald Trump's initiative was argued in concerns that TikTok and other Chinese online services posed security risks because of their ties to the Beijing government.The popular app, which has an estimated 100 million users in the country and more than 700 million worldwide, has repeatedly defended against allegations of information transfers to the Chinese government, saying it stores user data on servers in the US and Singapore.According to the Wall Street Journal report, the new administration will not force the sale of the assets promoted by the Trump administration.Trump intended to put TikTok under the American flag.Last September, Trump accepted a ByteDance offer that stipulated that Oracle and Walmart acquire 20 percent of the shares of a company called TikTok Global, which would handle the platform's global activities but whose headquarters would be in the U.S.But close to the then president, they felt that U.S. investors should exercise majority control of the new entity.If a possible ByteDance agreement with the White House is necessary, it will also be subject to approval by China, which imposes restrictions on exports of technology developed by domestic companies.The famous TikTok algorithm, which shows the contents most likely to interest its different users according to their tastes, is the center of all discussions. China wants to prevent this computer system from falling into American hands.ByteDance, which often insists that it addresses innovation and data processing in a similar way to the West, has major Silicon Valley investment firms and is valued at $180 billion.TikTok wasn't the only Chinese app that endured Trump's onslation. The tycoon, days before leaving power, ordered a ban on all transactions with Alipay, WeChat Pay and other linked applications to Chinese companies, arguing that they could send user information to the Beijing government. (AFP and EFE)Load-Date: February 12, 2021End of Document

CasperLabs to Join China's BSN as a Blockchain Partner; The partnership will introduce BSN's global developer network to Casper's future-proof blockchainBusiness WireFebruary 8, 2021 Monday 1:00 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 623 wordsDateline: ZUG, Switzerland BodyToday, CasperLabs announced a partnership with China's Blockchain-based Service Network (BSN). The Casper Network will be available to BSN's global network of developers immediately upon Casper's mainnet launch in Q1 2021.Founded in Spring 2020 by Red Date Technology, BSN is an infrastructure initiative backed by the Chinese government to accelerate blockchain adoption in China and beyond. The BSN is a platform that provides developers with easy onboarding into public and private blockchains they can use to build applications with reduced operational costs, improved flexibility, and better regulatory oversight. Since its launch, the BSN has deployed more than 120 public city nodes across China, serving as data centers dedicated to running and processing transactions on the blockchain networks supported by BSN. The vision of the BSN is to build a "Digital Silk Road", establishing China as a major player in the global evolution of Web3, and building more efficient communication and coordination with the West."We are happy to be working with CasperLabs to provide developers with the best protocol for building decentralized applications. We invite Casper to join our operations in China."- Yifan He, CEO, Red Date Technology and Director, BSNThe partnership between CasperLabs and BSN will cement the role of Casper in the world's decentralized global infrastructure, providing enterprises and developers alike with access to the powerful capabilities of the public network. The integration will bring Casper's unique combination of scalability, security and decentralization to the BSN ecosystem."Casper is the first fully decentralized, scalable and highly secure proof-of-stake blockchain. The CasperLabs team is committed to providing professional services and support to the growing number of enterprise organizations that are gravitating to blockchain technology to unlock value from existing assets, like contracts. Via our close partnership with BSN, we look forward to helping promote the continued adoption of this important public technology across global markets."- Mrinal Manohar, CEO and co-founder, CasperLabsOver the weekend, BSN and CasperLabs completed a virtual signing ceremony, establishing the partnership and bringing together the teams to celebrate the next phase of Casper's adoption in China. Omer Ozden, Chairman of RockTree Capital, a co-founding investor in CasperLabs, was critical in the formation of the partnership."RockTree are honored to have helped bring BSN and CasperLabs together to form a partnership here today. We have immense confidence in both the Red Date and CasperLabs teams to spearhead the adoption of the Casper network and blockchain technology in China."- Omer Ozden, Chairman of RockTree CapitalFor more information about the Casper network and CasperLabs, please visit CasperLabs.io.ABOUT CASPERCasper lets organizations of all kinds realize the power and potential of blockchain technology. The Casper protocol, which will launch on mainnet in Q1 2021, powers the first fully decentralized, proof-of-stake blockchain network. Casper allows businesses to create new markets and unlock value by tokenizing nearly any asset, without compromising on performance or security.ABOUT CASPERLABSCasperLabs, the developer of the Casper Network, provides professional services and support for organizations building on the Casper network. Guided by open source principles, CasperLabs is committed to supporting the next wave of blockchain adoption among businesses and providing developers with a reliable and secure framework to build private, public and hybrid blockchain applications.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210208005189/en/CONTACT: Kara Miley: marketing@casperlabs.iohttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: February 8, 2021End of Document

The origin of covid-19, an unsolved mystery in the midst of the crisisCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 16, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1040 wordsBodyAfter nearly a year since the World Health Organization (WHO) proclaimed pandemic status, a further change of direction regarding research on the origin of SARS-CoV-2 has been carried out from WHO headquarters. At a press conference last Tuesday, the organization's team of experts who moved to China several weeks ago in search of the origin of the virus, indicated that the theory that the virus "escaped from a laboratory" in Wuhan city in the Asian country is now "highly unlikely" on the contrary, this would come from an animal.Although it has not been proven that it was a bat or pangolin that transmitted the virus, experts indicated that they were working on other hypotheses such as: the spread of the virus through contamination of a cold chain of frozen products in markets in China, where samples of the virus or transmission through wild animals and even , domestic, who passed it on to humans.As for these theories, the health entity has not ruled out its possibilities.Experts Peter Ben Embarek, director of the WHO team sent to Wuhan, and Marion Koopmans, virologist and member of WHO's China expedition, noted that after countless blood samples and data analysis there was no evidence that the new coronavirus had spread outside China before December 2019.On the part of the Chinese government, Dr. and Epidemiologist Liang Wannian noted at the conference that "with the current data we cannot conclude how the virus reached the Wuhan market", but one could follow the theory that the virus was prowling the city, infecting a person and it took him to the Huanan seafood market where it spread rapidly , according to the newspaper La Voz de Galicia.Wannian also pointed out that it would be necessary to prioritize research on farm animal samples, and recalled during his presentation that more than 11,000 blood samples from animals such as pigs, cows, goats, chickens and geese from 31 Chinese provinces have been analysed in recent months and "in all cases the result of covid tests has been negative" , as collected by the Spanish newspaper."Our understanding (about the new coronavirus) has not changed, but we definitely know more about it," Peter Ben Embarek, head of WHO's mission in China and a zoonosis specialist, told the BBC.Animal studies are just the first concrete step in finding a solution to the history behind covid-19, as the more than 14 experts who came to China to investigate on January 14 considered that the observation of the "wet" market in Huanan should continue: "As they walk through the Huanan market , you feel the historical importance of this place and the compassion for the vendors and (the members of) the community who lost their way of making a living for covid," said American zoologist and NGO director Peter Daszak on Twitter.Future stepsWhile research at the Wuhan Virology Institute (IVW) was with the mission of finding ways to prevent future pandemics, the data collected on the new coronavirus and its initial date of spread remain a mystery that neither Dr. Shi Zengli, worldwide praised for being the one who discovered sarS virus in 2003 – causedby a coronavirus that came from the transmission of a bat in a cave in Yunnan ( southern China) – it has still been able to decipher.Since 2003, virologist has been at the forefront of various projects and studies to obtain data to prevent future coronavirus outbreaks that may result in more deadly pandemics than today. However, Professor Shi welcomed the international team of experts to the IVW facility last January, facing resistance from the Chinese government that considered the investigation "a possibility of blaming him more by a group of foreigners," BBC correspondent Robert Grant said, "China already has its official version of what happened."Professor Shi's union with Daszak in zoological research highlights the possibility of transmission by wild animals: "I have seen substantial evidence that these are phenomena that occur naturally driven by human invasion into wildlife habitat, which is clearly seen in Southeast Asia," Shi Zhengli said.Daszak, for his part, noted that the studies will be focused on the Huanan market and WHO "will look at these case groups, contacts, where the animals came from the market and see where it takes us."              "Our research is future-oriented and difficult for non-professionals to understand. In the face of the countless microorganisms that exist in nature, humans are very small"SHI ZHENGLI,VIROLOGIST AT THE WUHAN INSTITUTE OF VIROLOGY.A nexusAmong other data collected by Zhengli that may give way to more detailed research, SARS-CoV-2 kinship was found with a virus found years earlier: RaTG13.This virus presents a similar database in its genetic code with the new coronavirus and is named based on the bat from which it was extracted (Rhinolophus affinis, Ra), the place where it was found (Tongguan, TG), and the year it was identified, 2013.With 96.2% similarity between the two viruses, virologist Shi brazened the possibility that RaTG13 could be manipulated and changed to SARS-CoV-2, however, the journal Nature Medicine highlighted in an article published last March that covid-19 "would have gained its unique efficiency over a long and undetected period of circulation in humans or animals of a natural and milder precursor virus that eventually evolved into the powerful and deadly way detected by first time in Wuhan in 2019."Even with this new data unearthed from a 2013 investigation, the future of preventing a new pandemic – or the extent of the current one – is diffuse. The full mission report and findings are not expected until a few weeks from now, as reported by WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom at a press conference last Friday from the headquarters of the entity, compiled by the As newspaper: "We have always said that this mission would not find all the answers, but has added important information that brings us closer to understanding the origins of the virus.""It has gained a better understanding of the early days of the covid-19 pandemic and identified areas for further analysis and research," Adhanom said, "and we will continue to work to get the information we need to answer the questions that remainto answer."Load-Date: February 17, 2021End of Document

CHINA DAILY: SPIRIT OF SHARED ENDEAVORStates News ServiceJanuary 5, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 1146 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: Beijing, China BodyThe following information was released by the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO):Vladimir NorovThe process of ensuring regional security within the Shanghai Cooperation Organization region is supported by intensive development of trade, economic and humanitarian ties.The run-up to 20th anniversary of the SCO's establishment in 2021 is a good reason to take stock of its activities and outline further horizons for its development. Within this relatively short period of time, the organization has carved for itself a rightful place in the contemporary system of international relations.The organization has firmly established itself as one of the most authoritative transregional platforms for the development and implementation of multilateral approaches for maintaining and strengthening global and regional stability.In November 2019, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said the SCO is a reliable partner of the United Nations, leading regional diplomacy.From the very beginning, the organization's activities have focused on countering non-traditional threats and challenges to international security, including terrorism, extremism and separatism, illicit drug trafficking, organized crime and cybercrime. It has established a solid legal and regulatory framework for multilateral cooperation in the above-mentioned areas. The SCO Regional Anti-terrorist Structure with its executive committee based inTashkent, capital of Uzbekistan, is effectively coordinating joint counterterrorism efforts. Its activities are highly acknowledged by leading specialized international bodies, including the executive director of the UN Counter-Terrorism Committee, UN Office of Counter-Terrorism and Interpol.Special units of the military, counter-terrorism and anti-drug agencies of the SCO countries regularly hold joint operations, training and exercises with the broad participation of observers from other countries and international organizations.SCO member states are providing comprehensive assistance to neighboring Afghanistan'where the situation is a source of concern'to promote an inclusive Afghan-owned and Afghan-led peace process. The SCO has also approved a "road map for further actions by the SCO-Afghanistan contact group" to assist in the early reconstruction of the country.There is a common understanding in the SCO that the joint work on ensuring regional security should be supported by the intensive development of trade, economic and humanitarian ties. This is especially important in the post-pandemic situation. Recently, the organization adopted the Comprehensive Plan of Joint Efforts Against the Threat of Epidemics in the Region, as well as the new Five-Year Action Plan for Implementation of the SCODevelopment Strategy until 2025, aimed at restoring economies in the post-pandemic period.The SCO's current chair, Tajikistan, is focused on adopting a plan for mitigating and overcoming the socioeconomic challenges caused by the current crisis.The average decline in GDP of the SCO member states in 2020 was 3.2 percent, even lower than the similar global indicator (4.4 percent), prompting the need to think of innovative ways to help return our economies to the path of sustainable growth.In this context, accelerated development of the digital industry can be the key to global competitiveness. China's active public-private partnership promoting far-reaching scientific and technical projects and fundamental research has helped in achieving decisive results and building a moderately prosperous society in all respects by 2021.China's desire for further development of advanced IT in accordance with the strategy of "dual circulation" is of a great interest to its neighbors as a new window of opportunities for technological cooperation, expansion of mutual trade and investment ties, support for youth start-ups and online education.In this context, we are considering the Chinese leadership's proposals to hold a China-SCO Digital Economy Forum in Chongqing in 2021, and the creation of a demonstration zone for China-SCO regional trade and economic cooperation and the establishing of an SCO Technology Transfer Center in Qingdao, Shandong province.Currently, the volume of trade turnover between the SCO member states accounts for only 5 percent of their total foreign trade turnover, which clearly does not reflect their real economic opportunities.Therefore, in the coming years, we need to focus on the construction and modernization of railway infrastructure facilities as part of the unified system of barrier-free "Green Corridors" for the transit of goods, including food and medicine supplies, during the pandemic.The SCO countries' strengthened interaction in transport and logistics will contribute not only to the rapid development of interstate trade and economic ties, but also to the creation of the largest transit zone between Europe and Asia in the context of connectivity of the Belt and Road Initiative with the Eurasian Economic Union and other multilateral and national development strategies.This process should be accompanied by joint activities on integration and the removal of the spatial disparities of member countries on the basis of the SCO Concept of Cooperation on the Development of Remote and Rural Areas in the Digital Age approved last autumn.In accordance with the updated Program of Multilateral Trade and Economic Cooperation of the SCO Member States until 2035, an increasingly important role is assigned to the development of environmental technologies, alternative and renewable energy sources, which fully coincides with the current Chinese government's policy to accelerate reforms to realize a "Beautiful and Healthy China".Besides, we should pay more attention to supporting the tourism industry, which has been the sector most affected by the closure of international borders.At the SCO secretariat's initiative, a series of events titled "Eight Wonders of the SCO" have been launched showcasing the SCO region's rich cultural heritage and giving impetus to tourism cooperation.Tajikistan has announced it will hold the first Tourism Forum of SCO Countries in 2021. We are also considering the opportunity to introduce the annual practice of choosing the Tourist and Cultural Capital of the SCO.Given the symbolic importance of 2021 as the SCO countries' Year of Culture, we are planning various events aimed at enhancing intercivilizational dialogue and further pursuing the Shanghai Spirit which is one of mutual trust and benefit, equality, mutual consultations, respect for the diversity of cultures and civilizations, and the aspiration to shared development.I believe that in the current difficult conditions, these principles are more relevant than ever for all members of the world community, which needs unity in the face of new challenges.The writer is a SCO Secretary General.Load-Date: January 7, 2021End of Document

Clubhouse "can become an easy target for cybercriminals"CE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 31, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 415 wordsBodyIt's the social network of the moment. With ten million active weekly users, Clubhouse - which allows the creation of live audio chat rooms, excluding video and text - is attended by the likes of Elon Musk (Tesla), Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook), Paddy Cosgrave (Web Summit) and host Oprah Winfrey. As of March 15, the app had been downloaded from the Apple Store (App Store) 12.7 million times, according to data and analytics firm App Annie. And even Portugal was not indifferent to this fashion.But the security of the social network whooping at the moment is not foolproof, warns russian cybersecurity multinational Kaspersky on Wednesday. I would warn you that it had already been left by other privacy and security experts, with Stanford University's Internet Observatory reporting a leak of user data that could make them available to the Chinese Government. Society   Tomorrow's prisons are in thought. China has blocked access to the Clubhouse social network    Read also"Still in beta, this application can become an easy target for cybercriminals looking to make money from its popularity," explains the technology in a statement, noting that Clubhouse "does not guarantee the privacy of users" and "still has some flaws".It is in this context that Kaspersky leaves a set of tips and recommendations so that users can use this social network safely.First, users should consider whether they really need the application. "It is always preferable to wait for the correction of errors in the first versions", warns the company, recalling that this is still in beta. Kaspersky stresses that it is important to research this and other apps before installing them, so that you can learn more about the developers, the data that is acquired and how it is shared.In addition, he recalls that Clubhouse is not yet available for Android (although this is the intention of the social network), "so you should not rely on fake apps that may appear on Google Play". And, once using the social network, it is important to "share only information that you would agree to publish in the public space", not using it to have private conversations, too bad to see its content disclosed.Kaspersky also warns users to stay tuned, stressing that "cybercriminals are always innovating in schemes to circumvent users." In this context, it encourages them to equip devices with a security solution capable of blocking malware (malicious software), including the aforementioned fake Clubhouse android applications.Load-Date: April 1, 2021End of Document

MURPHY, BLUMENTHAL SCOTT REINTRODUCE AMERICAN SECURITY DRONE ACTStates News ServiceJanuary 28, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 695 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Connecticut Senator Christopher Murphy:U.S. Senators Chris Murphy , Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and Rick Scott (R-Fl.) reintroduced the bipartisan American Security Drone Act for the 117th Congress. Senator Scott's American Security Drone Act works to prohibit the U.S. Government from purchasing drones manufactured in countries identified as national security threats, like Iran and Communist China. The American Security Drone Act, which was passed out of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee last Congress, is cosponsored by Senators Marco Rubio, Marsha Blackburn, Tom Cotton and Josh Hawley.Senator Chris Murphy said, "In no way shape or form should we be using taxpayer dollars to purchase drones from foreign adversariesespecially countries like China that have stolen sensitive information from us in the past. I'm glad to reintroduce the American Security Drone Act that bans this practice and in turn supports U.S. manufacturers and our national security."Senator Rick Scott said, "I'm proud to join my colleagues to reintroduce my American Security Drone Act, which will help protect our national security and the privacy of American citizens by prohibiting the federal government from buying drones manufactured by our adversaries. I've been very clear about the threat we face from technology companies controlled by Communist China, which is known for espionage and theft of technology. For too long, the United States has used taxpayer dollars to buy drones from companies backed by the Communist Chinese Government, allowing one of the United States' biggest adversaries into the most sensitive areas of our government and putting our national security at risk. There's absolutely no reason we should allow this to continue. We must pass the American Security Drone Act immediately."Senator Marco Rubio said, "Chinese companies routinely steal U.S. intellectual property and seek to undermine our national security. The national security risks associated with Chinese manufactured drones are well known, and a number of federal agencies have already taken steps to mitigate this threat. The American Security Drone Act would make sure that American policies do not invite this malicious behavior from the Chinese Communist Party by prohibiting taxpayer dollars to be used to buy drones from Chinese companies or other foreign adversaries."Senator Tom Cotton said , "China has stolen sensitive drone technology from America's businesses and military for years, and now sells it back to us from a dominant position in the commercial drone market. Relying on drones made by our adversaries is a clear risk to our national security. This bill will ensure that all drones purchased by the U.S. government are made right here in America, or else by friendly nations that don't wish us harm."Senator Josh Hawley said, "For decades, the Chinese Communist Party and its companies have stolen America's sensitive technology and used it to boost their military and economy. It has to end. We must take this common-sense step of banning the federal acquisition of drones from nations like China to strengthen our supply chains and better protect our national security."The American Security Drone Act:- Prohibits federal departments and agencies from procuring certain foreign commercial off-the-shelf drone or covered unmanned aircraft system manufactured or assembled in countries identified as national security threats, and provides a timeline to end current use of these drones.- Prohibits the use of federal funds awarded through certain contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements to state or local governments from being used to purchase foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones or covered unmanned aircraft systems manufactured or assembled in a country identified as a national security threat.- Requires the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report to Congress detailing the amount of foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones and covered unmanned aircraft systems procured by federal departments and agencies from countries identified as national security threats.###Load-Date: January 29, 2021End of Document

SEN. RICK SCOTT REINTRODUCES AMERICAN SECURITY DRONE ACTStates News ServiceJanuary 28, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 688 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Florida Senator Rick Scott:Today, Senator Rick Scott reintroduced the bipartisan American Security Drone Act for the 117th Congress. Senator Scott's American Security Drone Act works to prohibit the U.S. Government from purchasing drones manufactured in countries identified as national security threats, like Iran and Communist China. The American Security Drone Act, which was passed out of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee last Congress, is cosponsored by Senators Chris Murphy, Marco Rubio, Richard Blumenthal, Marsha Blackburn, Tom Cotton and Josh Hawley.Senator Rick Scott said, "I'm proud to join my colleagues to reintroduce my American Security Drone Act, which will help protect our national security and the privacy of American citizens by prohibiting the federal government from buying drones manufactured by our adversaries. I've been very clear about the threat we face from technology companies controlled by Communist China, which is known for espionage and theft of technology. For too long, the United States has used taxpayer dollars to buy drones from companies backed by the Communist Chinese Government, allowing one of the United States' biggest adversaries into the most sensitive areas of our government and putting our national security at risk. There's absolutely no reason we should allow this to continue. We must pass the American Security Drone Act immediately."Senator Chris Murphy said, "In no way shape or form should we be using taxpayer dollars to purchase drones from foreign adversariesespecially countries like China that have stolen sensitive information from us in the past. I'm glad to reintroduce the American Security Drone Act that bans this practice and in turn supports U.S. manufacturers and our national security."Senator Marco Rubio said, "Chinese companies routinely steal U.S. intellectual property and seek to undermine our national security. The national security risks associated with Chinese manufactured drones are well known, and a number of federal agencies have already taken steps to mitigate this threat. The American Security Drone Act would make sure that American policies do not invite this malicious behavior from the Chinese Communist Party by prohibiting taxpayer dollars to be used to buy drones from Chinese companies or other foreign adversaries."Senator Tom Cotton said, "China has stolen sensitive drone technology from America's businesses and military for years, and now sells it back to us from a dominant position in the commercial drone market. Relying on drones made by our adversaries is a clear risk to our national security. This bill will ensure that all drones purchased by the U.S. government are made right here in America, or else by friendly nations that don't wish us harm."Senator Josh Hawley said, "For decades, the Chinese Communist Party and its companies have stolen America's sensitive technology and used it to boost their military and economy. It has to end. We must take this common-sense step of banning the federal acquisition of drones from nations like China to strengthen our supply chains and better protect our national security."The American Security Drone Act:Prohibits federal departments and agencies from procuring certain foreign commercial off-the-shelf drone or covered unmanned aircraft system manufactured or assembled in countries identified as national security threats, and provides a timeline to end current use of these drones.Prohibits the use of federal funds awarded through certain contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements to state or local governments from being used to purchase foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones or covered unmanned aircraft systems manufactured or assembled in a country identified as a national security threat.Requires the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report to Congress detailing the amount of foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones and covered unmanned aircraft systems procured by federal departments and agencies from countries identified as national security threats.###Load-Date: January 28, 2021End of Document

Sen. Scott Reintroduces American Security Drone ActTargeted News ServiceJanuary 29, 2021 Friday 8:30 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 696 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodySen. Rick Scott, R-Florida, issued the following news release:Senator Rick Scott reintroduced the bipartisan American Security Drone Act for the 117th Congress. Senator Scott's American Security Drone Act works to prohibit the U.S. Government from purchasing drones manufactured in countries identified as national security threats, like Iran and Communist China. The American Security Drone Act, which was passed out of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee last Congress, is cosponsored by Senators Chris Murphy, Marco Rubio, Richard Blumenthal, Marsha Blackburn, Tom Cotton and Josh Hawley.Senator Rick Scott said, "I'm proud to join my colleagues to reintroduce my American Security Drone Act, which will help protect our national security and the privacy of American citizens by prohibiting the federal government from buying drones manufactured by our adversaries. I've been very clear about the threat we face from technology companies controlled by Communist China, which is known for espionage and theft of technology. For too long, the United States has used taxpayer dollars to buy drones from companies backed by the Communist Chinese Government, allowing one of the United States' biggest adversaries into the most sensitive areas of our government and putting our national security at risk. There's absolutely no reason we should allow this to continue. We must pass the American Security Drone Act immediately."Senator Chris Murphy said, "In no way shape or form should we be using taxpayer dollars to purchase drones from foreign adversaries--especially countries like China that have stolen sensitive information from us in the past. I'm glad to reintroduce the American Security Drone Act that bans this practice and in turn supports U.S. manufacturers and our national security."Senator Marco Rubio said, "Chinese companies routinely steal U.S. intellectual property and seek to undermine our national security. The national security risks associated with Chinese manufactured drones are well known, and a number of federal agencies have already taken steps to mitigate this threat. The American Security Drone Act would make sure that American policies do not invite this malicious behavior from the Chinese Communist Party by prohibiting taxpayer dollars to be used to buy drones from Chinese companies or other foreign adversaries."Senator Tom Cotton said, "China has stolen sensitive drone technology from America's businesses and military for years, and now sells it back to us from a dominant position in the commercial drone market. Relying on drones made by our adversaries is a clear risk to our national security. This bill will ensure that all drones purchased by the U.S. government are made right here in America, or else by friendly nations that don't wish us harm."Senator Josh Hawley said, "For decades, the Chinese Communist Party and its companies have stolen America's sensitive technology and used it to boost their military and economy. It has to end. We must take this common-sense step of banning the federal acquisition of drones from nations like China to strengthen our supply chains and better protect our national security."The American Security Drone Act:* Prohibits federal departments and agencies from procuring certain foreign commercial off-the-shelf drone or covered unmanned aircraft system manufactured or assembled in countries identified as national security threats, and provides a timeline to end current use of these drones.* Prohibits the use of federal funds awarded through certain contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements to state or local governments from being used to purchase foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones or covered unmanned aircraft systems manufactured or assembled in a country identified as a national security threat.* Requires the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report to Congress detailing the amount of foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones and covered unmanned aircraft systems procured by federal departments and agencies from countries identified as national security threats.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7368095 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: January 29, 2021End of Document

Sens. Murphy, Blumenthal Scott Reintroduce American Security Drone ActTargeted News ServiceJanuary 29, 2021 Friday 8:00 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 702 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodySen. Christopher Murphy, D-Connecticut, issued the following news release:U.S. Senators Chris Murphy , Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and Rick Scott (R-Fl.) reintroduced the bipartisan American Security Drone Act for the 117th Congress. Senator Scott's American Security Drone Act works to prohibit the U.S. Government from purchasing drones manufactured in countries identified as national security threats, like Iran and Communist China. The American Security Drone Act, which was passed out of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee last Congress, is cosponsored by Senators Marco Rubio, Marsha Blackburn, Tom Cotton and Josh Hawley.Senator Chris Murphy said, "In no way shape or form should we be using taxpayer dollars to purchase drones from foreign adversaries--especially countries like China that have stolen sensitive information from us in the past. I'm glad to reintroduce the American Security Drone Act that bans this practice and in turn supports U.S. manufacturers and our national security."Senator Rick Scott said, "I'm proud to join my colleagues to reintroduce my American Security Drone Act, which will help protect our national security and the privacy of American citizens by prohibiting the federal government from buying drones manufactured by our adversaries. I've been very clear about the threat we face from technology companies controlled by Communist China, which is known for espionage and theft of technology. For too long, the United States has used taxpayer dollars to buy drones from companies backed by the Communist Chinese Government, allowing one of the United States' biggest adversaries into the most sensitive areas of our government and putting our national security at risk. There's absolutely no reason we should allow this to continue. We must pass the American Security Drone Act immediately."Senator Marco Rubio said, "Chinese companies routinely steal U.S. intellectual property and seek to undermine our national security. The national security risks associated with Chinese manufactured drones are well known, and a number of federal agencies have already taken steps to mitigate this threat. The American Security Drone Act would make sure that American policies do not invite this malicious behavior from the Chinese Communist Party by prohibiting taxpayer dollars to be used to buy drones from Chinese companies or other foreign adversaries."Senator Tom Cotton said, "China has stolen sensitive drone technology from America's businesses and military for years, and now sells it back to us from a dominant position in the commercial drone market. Relying on drones made by our adversaries is a clear risk to our national security. This bill will ensure that all drones purchased by the U.S. government are made right here in America, or else by friendly nations that don't wish us harm."Senator Josh Hawley said, "For decades, the Chinese Communist Party and its companies have stolen America's sensitive technology and used it to boost their military and economy. It has to end. We must take this common-sense step of banning the federal acquisition of drones from nations like China to strengthen our supply chains and better protect our national security."The American Security Drone Act:* Prohibits federal departments and agencies from procuring certain foreign commercial off-the-shelf drone or covered unmanned aircraft system manufactured or assembled in countries identified as national security threats, and provides a timeline to end current use of these drones.* Prohibits the use of federal funds awarded through certain contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements to state or local governments from being used to purchase foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones or covered unmanned aircraft systems manufactured or assembled in a country identified as a national security threat.* Requires the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report to Congress detailing the amount of foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones and covered unmanned aircraft systems procured by federal departments and agencies from countries identified as national security threats.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7367539 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: January 29, 2021End of Document

Tactical Rabbit Illuminates National Security Issue Inside the U.S.GlobeNewswireMarch 2, 2021 Tuesday 5:17 PM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICSLength: 295 wordsBodyWEST CHESTER, Pa. , March  02, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tactical Rabbit, a West Chester, PA based private intelligence agency, has completed a commissioned report outlining and providing details on a significant National Security issue. The report identified a China-based commercial technology company that is selling and marketing an imitation product based on illicitly acquired U.S. technology and intellectual property belonging to an American company.According to Tactical Rabbit CEO and Director of Intelligence Everett Stern, his company has uncovered information showing that the company is assisting the Chinese intelligence service to identify, acquire and illegally transfer targeted U.S. technology, innovation and research and development information for benefit of Chinese companies and their economy. "The intelligence we found is just the tip of the iceberg of Chinese espionage and illegal acquisition of U.S. proprietary data in the U.S.," stated Stern who referenced a recently published analytical report by the prestigious Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) detailing over 200 confirmed instances of Chinese espionage and covert transfer of restricted U.S. technology that occurred within the U.S. from 2000 to 2020. The CSIS report also contained data on circa 1200 separate cases of Intellectual Property litigation brought by U.S. companies against Chinese entities during the same time period. "The Chinese government is secretly using companies to steal the commercial data of U.S. companies and target restricted technology used by the U.S. Government. This is causing damage to our economy and costing jobs to Americans in these difficult economic times," stated Stern.ContactTacticalrabbit@tacticalrabbit.com(484) 359-7315Load-Date: March 2, 2021End of Document

Cable Connector Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026); The cable connector market is expected to register a CAGR of 5. 94% during the forecast period from 2021 to 2026. The market for cable connectors is booming, owing to the global digital transition. Reliable connectivity, high performance, and efficiency are the major factors boosting the growth of the market studied.GlobeNewswireMarch 1, 2021 Monday 5:14 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MARKET RESEARCH REPORTSLength: 1746 wordsBodyNew York, March  01, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report "Cable Connector Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026)" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p06028485/?utm_source=GNW  High-performance networks are essential for business, manufacturing, security, and media. Furthermore, cables, such as USB Type-C and HDMI, are hugely popular.- The growing number of fixed broadband connections over the years has enabled the growth of the market studied. According to ITU, the number of global fixed broadband subscriptions increased by 9% annually in the last five years. This increase in broadband connections will provide an opportunity for the growth of the market studied, as the installation of these connections require connectors. Furthermore, the penetration of the internet extensively among the developing nations worldwide is expected to boost the demand for RF cable further. For instance, Latin America had 368 million internet users in 2017, which is poised to reach 465 million by 2022. Also, by 2023, APAC is expected to have 3.1 billion Internet users (72% of the regional population), an increase from 2.1 billion (52% of the local population) in 2018, as per Cisco's survey.- The use of cable connectors for miniature applications is rapidly growing. Several key markets, including mobile technology, aerospace and defense, and medical technology, drive the growth of the market. The mobile phone and TV market witnessed high growth in the past decade. As of May 2020, Times Microwave Systems, an RF/Microwave interconnect solutions developer, released a new Time Locking Miniature Push-On (TLMP) connector to cater to the increasing demand for micro-miniature interfaces for applications with high data rate or board-to-board systems in military, aerospace, and space flight applications. The smartphones and other handheld devices require smaller and lower -profile components, including micro -connectors capable of providing very high data speeds.- Most of the data and power connections use RF connectors and cables, and these trends are likely to continue with high-speed data, enterprise networking, and industrial IoT applications. Furthermore, as the adoption of the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) is increasing in Europe and APAC, the connector companies are turning to M12 cable connectors. The new IIoT equipment is expected not to use the legacy serial connectors, such as RS-232, RS-485, and other legacy and D-shell type connectors. The IIoT equipment will deploy newer connectors, such as USB, CAT 5/6/7, HDMI, and DisplayPort, to name a few. Besides, a comprehensive view of the manufacturing process under IIoT is accomplished by placing networked sensors on physical equipment to collect data. These sensor-based data is transmitted back to a central location for the decision-makers to access it.- The majority of the vendors are manufacturing edge-computing power connectors to facilitate the flow of highly sensitive data from the device to the cloud and back again. This factor is essential for manufacturing connectors for AI and augmented reality. The outbreak of COVID-19 has led China to announce a lockdown and practice social isolation in the initial months of 2020. This factor halted manufacturing, as well as the production of various equipment and machinery for several weeks. Furthermore, the country also restricted its import and export of critical raw materials and industrial equipment. This factor is impacting the supply chain. Alternatively, several retailers and distributors' closings reduced the availability of components, such as connectors, across the European and North American regions.Key Market TrendsAutomotive is Expected to Hold Significant Share- The automotive sector is projected to witness a strong demand for connectors, aided by the adoption of highly advanced electronic systems, such as audio controls, driver assistance systems, diagnostic systems, cruise control, and infotainment systems. Moreover, the increasing popularity of electric vehicles is also expected to boost the growth of the market. Some of the significant market trends in the segment include innovations and design improvements to meet the quality and reliability standards of devices, demand for versatile miniature connectors, the popularity of RoHS - compliant, UL recognized, and IP -rated connectors, as well as smart connectors with EMI/RFI suppression features.- In 2019, the Japanese motorcycle manufacturers, namely Honda, Kawasaki, Suzuki, and Yamaha, announced a new collaboration to standardize replaceable battery technology for electric motorcycles. As Motorcycles are smaller than vehicles, they use less energy. However, the high -performance models use automotive connectors with data pins and the same connectors for smart charging. This has led to connector introductions with higher pin densities for analog and digital signals and fully isolated terminals, to be placed next to power rails to optimize the use of the limited space available.- New automotive technologies have altered the ways cars are wired. The critical electrical components are required to reliably transmit power, signal, and data in certified conditions. The hybrid electric and electric vehicle has expanded the vision for applying robust connector technology from race cars to robotics in the form of autonomous vehicles. This has led to a significant development in design and material, driving the connector to reduce weight by 20 % to 30 %, in comparison to the standard models.- In January 2020, Japan Aviation Electronics (JAE) launched a new set of connectors, the MX80 Series of compact waterproof in-line connectors for automotive applications. As the need for high-performance automobiles increases, the number of built-in electronic components increases as well. This leads to limited mounting and wiring space, and the demand for smaller connectors becomes ever more evident. MX80 Series connectors support various vehicle applications such as side-view mirrors, actuating motor functions, indicator lights, blind-spot monitors, etc. They are waterproof and possess a small-form-factor for use in internal or external vehicle environments.Asia-Pacific is Expected to Witness the Fastest Growth Rate- The continuous advancements in communication technologies are the major factors boosting the growth of the cable connectors market, precisely the demand for and the production of consumer electronics in the region. Moreover, the support by IT and communications for automated processes in industrial applications facilitated the easier adoption among the manufacturers. Sensor components, faster networks, flexible interfaces with high levels of reliability and secured hierarchical access, and error-correction options added to the productivity, continued quality deliveries, and minimized manufacturing cost in the region.- For instance, according to the Chinese government, the industrial IoT (IIoT) market is expected to witness growth, accounting for around USD 65 billion by 2020. Furthermore, the Japanese government approved a plan, known as the -Rebirth of Japan,' which outlines the route towards strengthening the manufacturing sector by targeting the development of USD 1.3 trillion. It is expected that, by 2023, the revenue of the companies in the industrial area are expected to increase by USD 490 billion, as a result of the adoption of the standards of Industry 4.0.- On the domestic front, India has significant plans for smart cities. This factor is facilitating the approval of the smart home. Furthermore, Jio's policies and prices for JioFiber and a couple of individual Jio IoT devices would aid the affordability of smart homes in the country. The telecom operator has provided details about some of the personal IoT devices that will promote smart home ecosystems in most homes. The advancements such as these are expected to boost the demand for connectors in the region.- The industrial expansions in China resulted in a significant improvement in the standard of living. These factors boosted the demand from the home and industrial markets for modern goods and services. This factor is expected to have a positive impact on the growth of the cable connectors market. For instance, the Chinese government and the local vendors are actively promoting the plans for the development of 5G, with the deployment of the same expected by the end of 2020. This initiative is expected to develop upgrades across communication infrastructure while installing better cable connectors and other equipment.Competitive LandscapeThe cable connector market is highly fragmented, as the players can quickly enter the market, owing to the rising demand and low capital investment required. Moreover, the acquisitions have been a key trend observed across the years in the market. For instance, Amphenol made about 49 deals between 1999 and 2017. Some of the key players include Amphenol Corporation, Molex Inc. (Acquired by Koch Industries), Fujitsu Limited, TE Connectivity Limited,3M Company, Prysmian SpA, among others.- March 2020 - TE Connectivity (TE) launched STRADA Whisper cable receptacles, which can allow engineers to start designing for up to 112G PAM-4 data rates in servers, switches, and routers. These cable receptacles incorporate STRADA Whisper connectors on one end and connect to a variety of other high-speed solutions on the other, including backplane, mid-board, or input/output (I/O) products, bypassing the printed circuit board (PCB) and minimizing insertion loss and crosstalk.- February 2020 - Prysmian Group has launched its 288-fiber ezMICRODUCT cable. With the use of 200-micron fiber, the cable has an outer diameter of only 8 mm. The cable's design includes 24 fibers per tube, making the fibers easier to identify and fit into standard splicing trays. The fiber cable will operate in the -40°F to 158°F temperature range.Reasons to Purchase this report:- The market estimate (ME) sheet in Excel format- 3 months of analyst supportRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p06028485/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001Load-Date: March 1, 2021End of Document

Alliance for Safe Online Pharmacies Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative NoticeTargeted News ServiceFebruary 1, 2021 Monday 7:42 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 3656 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON, Feb. 1 -- John B. Hertig, board president of the Alliance for Safe Online Pharmacies, has issued a public comment on the U.S. Trade Representative notice entitled "Hearing: 2021 Special 301 Review". The comment was posted on Jan. 29, 2021:* * *Thank you for considering the Alliance for Safe Online Pharmacies' (ASOP Global) comments in response to United States Trade Representative's (USTR) request for comments on the 2021 Special 301 Out-of-Cycle Review of Notorious Markets. ASOP Global is a 501(c)(4) organization that seeks to protect patient safety globally and to ensure patient access to safe and legitimate online pharmacies in accordance with applicable laws. ASOP Global is active in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, India and Asia. To learn more about ASOP Global, visit www.BuySafeRx.Pharmacy.The following comments are in response to USTR's 2021 request for comments that "identify acts, policies, or practices that may form the basis of a country's identification as a Priority Foreign Country or placement on the Priority Watch List or Watch List."/1The global rise of illegal online pharmacies, both of foreign and domestic origin, is not only a threat to intellectual property (IP) rights but is also fundamentally a public health issue. Illegal online pharmacies engaged in IP violations are often engaged in behavior that simultaneously puts the public health at risk, including but not limited to the sale of counterfeit, falsified, substandard or unapproved medicines, and/or the sale of prescription drugs to consumers without a valid prescription or healthcare provider consultation. It is in this public health context that ASOP Global urges USTR and other government partners to take actions that will help curb the global patient safety threat caused by illegal online pharmacies.ASOP Global appreciates USTR's efforts to address the issue of domain name registrars facilitating illegal online pharmacies in its past seven Notorious Market Reports (2014-2020). In particular, ASOP Global commends USTR for identifying domain name registrars in their 2017 and 2019 reports, including Nanjing Imperiosus Technology Co., Ltd, Hosting Concepts B.V., and Regional Network Information Center JSC. However, the latter two registrars continue to be known suppliers of domains used by illegal online pharmacies. "Safe haven" registrars like these knowingly violate the terms and conditions of their own service agreements, allowing registrants to continue to use domain names to illegally sell prescription drugs and, in some cases, controlled substances. This practice enables illegal activity to continue and places profits ahead of public health and safety.While it is important to emphasize that a majority of registrars act responsibly and voluntarily terminate services to illegal online pharmacies, we encourage USTR to continue to send a strong message to registrars and marketplaces that turn a blind eye to, or welcome, illegal online pharmacies.Additionally, ASOP Global is concerned that, due to an overly broad interpretation of the EU's General Data Protection Regulation by Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), WHOIS registration data is no longer able to accurately identify who is behind individual domain names regardless of their country of origin. WHOIS data has historically been relied upon by law enforcement, government partners, and the private sector to identify and thwart criminal activity and cyber security attacks. Many domain name registries and registrars (Ry/Rr) are shutting down public access to the full range of WHOIS data, both for one-off requests and automated access. With WHOIS data now effectively unavailable, the internet is fundamentally a less safe space. This is especially troubling during the pandemic, as Americans increasingly rely on the internet to buy products, consume information, and obtain healthcare. ASOP Global strongly supports the restoration of WHOIS data transparency and participates in the Coalition for a Secure and Transparent Internet (www.secureandtransparent.org)./2BACKGROUNDWhile the internet has provided immeasurable societal benefits, it has also exposed global consumers to the hazards of illegal online pharmacies and drug sellers peddling "medicines" that may be counterfeit, adulterated, misbranded, and/or unapproved. The following statistics evidence the scope of the global problem:* At any one time there are 35,000 - 45,000 active online pharmacies, most of which are operating illegally;/3* According to the World Health Organization, the internet is the world's largest marketplace for counterfeit drugs as 50% of the prescription medicines sold online are by websites that hide their physical address are considered substandard or falsified;* While 6 in 10 Americans report an awareness of online pharmacies, nearly three-in-four (71%) have not experienced or heard about the risks of buying prescription medications from online pharmacies and thirty-seven percent see little inherent risk in the online purchase and only 15% believe purchasing prescription medications online is "very risky;"/4 and* A 2019 report by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy/5 states:- approximately 95% of online pharmacies are operating illegally - out of compliance with state and federal laws or relevant pharmacy practice standards- Of those websites surveyed, approximately one-third offered controlled substances and other potentially lethal drugs. Ninety-nine percent of those websites did not require a valid prescription, and 94% advertised drugs that were not FDA-approved.* In a two-week period, there were over 45,000 tweets that promoted the purchase and nonmedical use of prescription drugs through an actively marketed illegal online pharmacy (Timothy Mackey, University of California San Diego)/6The Department of Homeland Security's January 2020 report Combating Trafficking in Counterfeit and Pirated Goods underscores the importance of mitigating the risk posed by illegal online drug sellers and counterfeit prescription drugs./7The report highlights that 97% of the United States' seized drugs were manufactured in places such as China, India, and Singapore and further details significant concerns around patient health and safety related to counterfeit and otherwise dangerous products online. As the report notes, counterfeit drugs are found in all therapeutic categories, especially those in high demand and/or with the prospect of significant profits such as insulins, chemotherapy, and specialty medicines.COVID-19 HAS MADE MATTERS WORSEThe COVID-19 pandemic has served as an opportunity for criminals to prey on consumer fear and profit from peddling misinformation and fraudulent products. Countless warning letters by the FDA and FTC regarding pandemic-related frauds have been issued highlighting the reckless disregard that some have in foregoing safety for profit./8,/9The findings of a 2020 study by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy10 only confirms the above:* Most active illegal websites have clear ties to known criminal networks or their affiliates;* Some newly created COVID-specific websites redirect users to established rogue network sites;* Many domain names, both active and inactive, are clustered on "safe haven" registrars - a practice common among sophisticated internet pharmacy cybercriminals; and* The domain name registration information for almost all identified websites is anonymized, making it difficult for enforcement agencies to investigate these criminals.Supply Chain Security & Drug ImportationFDA's research/11 has shown that upwards of 85% of drugs claiming to be from Canada actually come from other countries. ASOP Global and our partners have found that these so-called "Canadian" pharmacies operating on the internet are actually selling medications from countries like India, Hong Kong, and Singapore./12Unfortunately, the proliferation of "Canadian" pharmacies targeting American consumers will only grow in the coming months and years as policymakers in Washington, DC, continue to erroneously espouse the unrealistic cost-savings benefits of purchasing drugs from Canada.Specifically, in 2020, the Trump Administration's Drug Importation Final Rule compromises patient safety by wrongly telling consumers that Canadian drugs will be safe and affordable. In reality, drug importation compromises the closed and highly regulated U.S. drug supply chain. News of the Trump Administration's action is likely to drive American and Canadian patients to unknowingly access counterfeit, substandard or unapproved medicines online, put a further strain on the pharmaceutical supply chain and place consumers at risk for considerable harm. As published, the rule is reckless and does nothing to protect patients from the thousands of illegal online drug sellers masquerading as "Canadian pharmacies," close these illicit internet markets or hold domain name registrars and registries accountable. These fake websites take advantage of patients to push illegal opioids and fraudulent COVID-19 products.ASOP Global opposes the new Trump Administration's Importation Final Rule as it introduces new health risks to the system that directly contradict more than 20 years of science-based leadership at the FDA. ASOP Global urges USTR and other government partners to be especially diligent to recognize and avoid policies that will directly or indirectly send American patients to illegal domestic or global online pharmacies. Further, ASOP Global requests that USTR consider how other countries will take advantage of this misguided American policy with the sole purpose of profiting from selling illicit drugs to Americans online.THE IMPORTANCE OF DOMAIN NAME REGISTRARSIn the virtual space of the Internet, there is no door for police to break down or warehouse to raid. Instead, law enforcement officials who wish to shut down illegal online pharmacies must engage in an often long back-and-forth process with the courts and the domain name's registrar. In the interim, criminals operate with ostensive impunity - selling more and more illegitimate and dangerous, if not potentially deadly, drugs to consumers - unless and until registrars, the entities that license the domain names, step in. As explained below, registrars have both the ability and authority to help stop the problem of illegal online pharmacies.In 2019, LegitScript, an organization that voluntarily reports rogue online pharmacies to the registrars that sponsor these domain names, issued 63 notifications comprising 7,083 domain names./13This complimentary notification service helps registrars take action against illicit operators and helps prevent the public from buying potentially unsafe drugs. In the same year, LegitScript had 6,149 domain names that they counted as "enforced," meaning that the registrar suspended the domain name after LegitScript sent a notification. These enforced domain names include some whose notifications were issued in 2018. Per LegitScript, in May of 2019, Epik was notified of 481 websites that were identified as rogue pharmacy sites; however, as of January 2021, 60% of those websites are still online and still registered with Epik. Of the 190 sites taken offline, 72 were allowed to transfer to another registrar. Most of these domains appear to be affiliated with PharmacyXL, a rogue pharmacy network. In May of 2020, Russia-based registrar CJSC was notified of 357 websites that were partaking in illegal online drug sales, and only 29 sites were taken offline. As of January 2021, CJSC, according to LegitScript, has 900 online rogue internet pharmacies in its portfolio. These statistics are worrisome as it appears registrars and registries do not take the necessary steps--even when warned--to shut down illegal and dangerous activity happening on sponsored domain names. As such, ASOP Global supports policies that will stop registries and registrars from facilitating online crime - and profiting from it - by requiring them to immediately lock and suspend any domain name used to facilitate the illegal sale of drugs or any coronavirus and other public health scams./14FOREIGN ILLEGAL ONLINE PHARMACIES FACILITATE THE SALE OF COUNTERFEIT, SUBSTANDARD AND UNREGISTERED PHARMACEUTICALSA major challenge in combating the illegal sale of counterfeit, substandard, and unregistered medicines abroad is the unfettered operation of foreign online pharmacies.IndiaOnline marketplaces based in India continue to generate substantial trade in illegal medicines. ASOP Global applauded USTR for placing Indiamart.com on the Notorious Markets List in 2018; however, Indiamart (www.indiamart.com) continues to allow the selling of illicit drugs, disclaiming any associated legal liability in its terms and conditions:"Users(s) hereby undertake that they shall solely be responsible and shall bear all the liabilities in respect of selling prescription medicines and/or drugs mentioned in any of the Schedules of the Drug Rules without a prescription issued by a registered medical practitioner and in accordance with the conditions laid down in such rules. In the event of breach of such condition, Indiamart shall not be liable and responsible in any manner whatsoever."As an international seller, Indiamart has been repeatedly notified that it facilitates the delivery of large quantities of substandard, unregistered, and falsified pharmaceuticals to unknowing patients worldwide, violating the health and safety regulations of numerous foreign jurisdictions, without any discernable effect on its practices.ChinaIn 2019, ASOP Global and LegitScript developed a report titled "The Chinese Internet Pharmacy Market Threat Assessment," which examines the overall landscape of the illicit internet pharmacy market in China, where it is illegal to sell prescription drug products online./15A comprehensive analysis of LegitScript's review found that 17% of websites surveyed were operating illegally in offering prescription drugs or controlled substances. In total, 57% of online drug sellers are operating illegally with respect to Chinese law and regulation when including legitimate online pharmacies that only sell OTC products online in the total. The 26 searches for life-saving medicines returned a total of 2,261 results. Of those 18% were illicit results, and 59% of the illicit results were for illicit internet pharmacies. The 10 searches for controlled substances returned a total of 877 results. Of those, 15% are illicit results and 46% of the illicit results are for illicit internet pharmacies. None of the websites selling controlled substances required a prescription.The Chinese government and private sector have made significant efforts to combat illegal online drug sales, but additional efforts may be taken to ensure compliance with relevant laws and practice guidelines.Based on the data LegitScript collected for this report, the top two registrars in China used by the illicit internet pharmacies are Alibaba/HiChina and Xin Net. More than half of illicit pharmacies surveyed are registered with Chinese registrars, and 15% are registered with a US registrar.LegitScript's research for this report also identified websites promoting medical tourism to India for more affordable treatments. These websites further offer to connect patients with doctors in India through telemedicine and to deliver prescription medication to Chinese patients from a partnering licensed Indian pharmacy. Currently, there is no regulation regarding telemedicine conducted internationally.Chinese illicit drug sellers are unique in that they rely heavily on third-party platforms, such as WeChat, to complete transactions instead of processing the orders directly through their own websites.LegitScript predicts that the trend of illicit online drug sales over smartphone-based apps will continue. Enforcement efforts must evolve to respond to the illegal market's utilization of technology and social mediaREGISTRAR ACCOUNTABILITY RECOMMENDATIONSRogue Internet registrars that knowingly facilitate illegal online pharmacies epitomize the types of notorious markets that USTR admirably seeks to combat, and they should be clearly branded as such. To that end, ASOP Global has provided in previous comment letters figures on rogue registrars hosting illegal online pharmacies./16Unlike the majority of the registrar community, these offenders are nonresponsive to abuse notifications and consistently refuse to cut off services to rogue internet pharmacies regardless severity of the infraction. ASOP Global urges USTR to support specific, no-cost and common-sense policy measures to hold offenders accountable.Federal policies to combat the facilitation of rogue internet pharmacies include:* Make WHOIS data transparent and require registries and registrars to routinely confirm domain name registration information and make registration data accessible.* Require domain name registrars to immediately lock and suspend any domain name used to facilitate the illegal sale of prescription drugs or any coronavirus/public health scams upon notification by a trusted notifier.* Encourage the enforcement of terms & conditions to prohibit domains from being used for illegal activity, including illegal online drug sales in the jurisdiction where the consumer is located.The Alliance for Safe Online Pharmacies CommitmentThe Alliance for Safe Online Pharmacies (ASOP Global) launched in 2009 to combat illegal online pharmacies and counterfeit medicines and fight to make the internet safer for patients worldwide through research, education, advocacy and collaboration. Arguably, the internet is now more relevant to patient access to care than ever before during the COVID-19 pandemic.As demand for legitimate telemedicine, online pharmacy and supposed lower cost "Canadian" drugs continues to grow, so will the potential profits for illegal online drug sellers taking advantage of American consumers. Data demonstrates a continued reliance on the internet for healthcare services and products, driven primarily by cost, convenience and access to care. A growing number of patients are utilizing online pharmacies while unaware of the risks and harms associated with such use. Momentum is building for structural and policy reforms to increase accountability for internet ecosystem actors - there are downstream effects on the global illicit drug trade.As USTR engages in policy processes in the coming months, we request that you think about the public health consequences of criminals' peddling medicines online illegally. While there are countless foreign actors targeting and intentionally misleading--and even harming--American patients, it's important to note that there are domestic policy options that can protect consumers. These policies include but are not limited to enacting targeted reforms of Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, allowing WHOIS data transparency, ensuring registrar/registry accountability and reversing drug importation policies. Should you have any questions related to these policies, the sale of illicit drugs online or how foreign marketplaces are infiltrating the American drug supply chain illegally, please contact ASOP Global Board Chair John Hertig at jhertig@butler.edu or ASOP Global Senior Advisor Libby Baney at Libby.Baney@FaegreDrinker.comRegards,John B. Hertig, PharmD, MS, CPPS, FASHPBoard President, ASOP Global Board of DirectorsVice-Chair and Associate Professor, Department of Pharmacy PracticeButler University College of Pharmacy and Health Sciencesjhertig@butler.educc:Libby Baney, Senior Advisor, ASOP GlobalSarah-Lloyd Stevenson, Advisor, ASOP GlobalJillian Brady, Advisor, ASOP GlobalNisha Quasba, Advisor, ASOP Global* * *Footnotes:1/ https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-2020-12-15/pdf/2020-27515.pdf2/ https://buysaferx.pharmacy/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/ASOP-NTIA-WHOIS-Statement-1.6.21.pdf3/ https://asopfoundation.pharmacy/consumers/4/ https://buysaferx.pharmacy//wp-content/uploads/2020/10/ASOP-Global-Survey-Press-Release-October2020.pdf5/ https://nabp.pharmacy/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Rogue-Rx-Activity-Report-2019.pdf6/ https://www.researchgate.net/publication/287106089_Establishing_a_Link_Between_Prescription_Drug_Abuse_ and_Illicit_Online_Pharmacies_Analysis_of_Twitter_Data7/ https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/20_0124_plcy_counterfeit-pirated-goods-report_01.pdf8/ https://www.fda.gov/consumers/health-fraud-scams/fraudulent-coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19-products9/ https://www.ftc.gov/coronavirus/enforcement/warning-letters10/ https://nabp.pharmacy/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Rogue-Rx-Activity-Report-May-2020-1.pdf11/ https://www.raps.org/regulatory-focus%e2%84%a2/news-articles/2016/1/califf-vows-not-to-lower-or-remove-fda-regulations12/ https://nabp.pharmacy/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Internet-Drug-Outlet-Report-August2017.pdf?utm_source=news-release &utm_medium=wire&utm_campaign=IDOI&utm_content=canada13/ https://www.legitscript.com/blog/2020/01/legitscript-helps-shut-down-6149-rogue-internet-pharmacies-in-2019/14/ https://buysaferx.pharmacy/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/ASOP-Global-Lock-and-Suspend-Fact-SheetFINAL14.pdf15/ www.safemedicines.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/The-Chinese-Internet-Pharmacy-Market-2019.pdf16/ https://buysaferx.pharmacy//?s=USTR* * *The notice can be viewed at: https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=USTR-2020-0041-0001TARGETED NEWS SERVICE (founded 2004) features non-partisan 'edited journalism' news briefs and information for news organizations, public policy groups and individuals; as well as 'gathered' public policy information, including news releases, reports, speeches. For more information contact MYRON STRUCK, editor, editor@targetednews.com, Springfield, Virginia; 703/304-1897; https://targetednews.comC22-SUharpal-1503464Load-Date: February 2, 2021End of Document

House Homeland Security Committee Issues Testimony From Cyber Threat Alliance President DanielTargeted News ServiceFebruary 11, 2021 Thursday 7:10 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 5125 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe House Homeland Security Committee issued the following testimony by Michael Daniel, president and CEO of the Cyber Threat Alliance, as part of a virtual hearing entitled "Homeland Cybersecurity: Assessing Cyber Threats and Building Resilience" on Feb. 10, 2021:Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today for this hearing on Homeland Cybersecurity: Assessing Cyber Threats and Building Resilience. My name is Michael Daniel, and I am the President & CEO of the Cyber Threat Alliance (CTA)--an information sharing organization that now includes 32 of the world's leading cybersecurity companies. Prior to CTA, I served for over 20 years in the U.S. federal government, including four and a half years as Special Assistant to President Obama and Cybersecurity Coordinator at the National Security Council.Let me begin my testimony by thanking the Committee for holding a hearing on this important issue. The cybersecurity threats facing the US are significant, urgent, and potentially life-threatening--and our nation must improve its ability to counter them. This Committee plays a key role in enabling the Federal government to meet this challenge. This testimony will lay out the cyber threat landscape the US faces, the types of adversaries conducting cyber operations, and some long-term goals and principles to address these threats. I will also touch on Federal government organization, Federal agency cybersecurity, and how to think about cybersecurity in more productive manner.The Cyber Threat LandscapeWe live in a digital age. Digital technologies increase efficiency and productivity, shrink distances, and enable news ways of working and connecting. However, digitization also brings challenges and potential vulnerabilities that--left unchecked--threaten to undermine our national security, economy, and public health and safety. Although the US faces a myriad of cyber threats, five trends are making these threats worse over time: 1) Cyberspace is expanding: As we connect more devices to the Internet, we are making cyberspace bigger. It is the only human environment that is continually expanding at a meaningful pace. Land, sea, air, and near earth orbit are not growing to any appreciable degree, but cyberspace is different. While estimates vary, everyone agrees that the growth is enormous. For example, Cisco conservatively estimates that by the end of 2021, 27.1 billion devices will be connected to Internet, an increase of 10 billion devices since 2016. That figure translates to 5.5 million devices per day or 60 devices every second.2) Cyberspace is becoming more heterogenous: Beyond raw expansion, the variety of devices connected to the Internet keeps increasing. These devices are not just desktops, laptops, or smartphones. They are light bulbs, refrigerators, cars, thermostats, sensors, machine tools, dams, water purification plants, oil rigs, toll collectors, and thousands of other "things"--a huge array of different kinds of devices with different functions, protocols, and security features. The combined growth in volume and heterogeneity makes effective cyber defense extremely difficult.3) Malicious cyber actors are becoming more numerous: The number of malicious actors in cyberspace continues to grow rapidly as hacktivists, criminals, and nation-states all learn that they can pursue their goals relatively cheaply and effectively through cyberspace. The barriers to entry are low and the potential return on investment is high. As a result, the volume and frequency of malicious cyber activity is increasing dramatically.4) Cyber threats are becoming more dangerous: As recently as a decade ago, cyber actors generally limited their malicious activities to stealing money or information, temporary denial of service attacks, or website defacements (the digital equivalent of graffiti). But over the last ten years, malicious actors have shifted to more destructive and disruptive activities. The physical disruption of the Ukrainian power grid, the use of cyber-enabled information operations to influence electoral processes, the release of the destructive NotPetya malware, and the scourge of ransomware are all examples of this trend.5) Cyber incidents are becoming more disruptive: as we have become more and more digitally dependent, the potential impacts of a cyber incident have also increased. It is becoming harder for us to operate without access to the Internet; the need for a significant portion of the workforce to work remotely during the pandemic highlights that dependence. What would have been a nuisance a few years ago can now kill people if they cannot get access to timely medical care due to a network outage.Specific threatsWithin these broad trends, I would highlight two specific threats:Ransomware: Over the last couple of years, one key threat that has emerged is ransomware. This malware encrypts data on a victim's system and in order to regain access to the data, the victim has to pay a ransom. In addition, adversaries are also stealing private information prior to encrypting it and threatens to release the data publicly or onto the dark web if the victim does not pay. This threat has grown to such a degree that it is no longer just an economic nuisance but a national security and public health and safety threat.Operational Technology malware: for many years, the computers that run operational processes in manufacturing, power generation, water distribution, and other industrial activities were largely proprietary and difficult to access from the Internet. However, these systems are becoming increasingly connected and more standardized. As a result, the ability for adversaries to target and disrupt these systems has increased. A cyber attack against one these systems would have a much higher impact across our digital ecosystem that the typical criminal activity.Cyber AdversariesWhile the number of malicious actors in cyberspace can seem almost limitless, these adversaries are typically operating as one of four types. Each type has different goals, motivations, and resources, and while individuals can operate as different types at different times, this typology is useful for thinking about how to counter the activities of a specific type.Terrorists - many terrorist groups make extensive use of cyberspace for recruiting and communication, but fortunately very few are able to undertake disruptive or destructive actions. However, these groups almost certainly have aspirations to conduct visible, spectacular attacks and if a nation-state decides that it is in their interest to train and equip a terrorist group, the result could be a destructive attack.Hacktivists - this type of actor has decreased in importance over the last few years, but they can still cause problems. Their motivation is primarily to gain attention for their cause or embarrass their opponents. While they might be okay with harming a "corporation" or a government agency, they generally are not interested in causing wide-spread, permanent harm.Criminals - these actors are by far the most prevalent in cyberspace. The motivation for these actors is simple: money. They can be quite innovative and creative, but money is the driver. They are unlikely to spend time and resources trying to gain access to just one target; if their first few attempts fail, they will move on to the next target, just like in the physical world.Nation-states - these actors are pursuing their national security or foreign policy interests through cyber actions. Such interests can include espionage, influence operations, theft of intellectual property and trade secrets, deterrence, low-grade conflict and disruption, or destruction. While some nation-states have less technical capability than some high-end criminal groups, nation-states generally have discipline, patience, personnel, and complementary capability (such as dedicated intelligence agencies) to bring to bear.Long term goalsGiven these trends and malicious actors, the US government should pursue three long term goals to counter the cyber threats we face. It should seek to raise the level of cybersecurity and resilience across our digital ecosystem; disrupt adversaries at a faster pace and larger scale; and respond more effectively to cyber incidents when they occur.Raise the level of cybersecurity across the ecosystem - despite a growing recognition that cyber threats affect everyone, many organizations still have not implemented basic cybersecurity measures, such as two-factor authentication, and very few have reached a high level of maturity, even those that manage or perform critical national functions. They also have not developed sufficient resilience to cyber incidents. Given this situation, the Federal government should aim to improve cybersecurity and resilience across the board. Setting such a goal does not require the government to treat all organizations the same or not prioritize some functions over others; in fact, achieving this goal requires such prioritization. However, given the interconnected and interdependent nature of cyberspace, the goal should be that all organizations reach a level of cybersecurity commensurate with their size, industry, and overall function.Disrupt adversaries at scale - since we cannot rely on defense alone, the US government also needs to increase the pace and scale of its disruption efforts, whether against nation-states, criminals, hacktivists, or terrorists. Disruption should involve all the elements of national power, including diplomatic, economic, law-enforcement, cyber-technical, military, and intelligence tools. It will also require working with private sector cybersecurity providers and collaborating internationally. While we have made significant progress in these activities over the last decade, we need to impose greater costs on our adversaries.Respond more effectively to incidents - no matter how much we improve our defense and offense, our adversaries will sometimes achieve their goals. They will succeed in stealing information or money, causing disruption, or holding a critical function at risk. To deal with those situations, the Federal governments needs to be able to deal with such incidents rapidly and enabling private sector owners and operators to restore functionality expeditiously.The US government could achieve these goals in different ways; indeed, whole books have been written on specific aspects of these three goals. However, based on my experience both in and out of government, employing the following principles will increase the chance of success:1. Focus on comparative advantage - The Federal government should not try to replicate the technical capabilities available in the private sector. The technical information available to the cybersecurity industry is extensive, and the government is unlikely to have technical information the private sector does not. However, the Federal government does have unique information in the form of attribution, context, and a strategic view point. It also has a comparative advantage in funding basic R&D into cybersecurity, such as how to reduce the exploitable error rate in computer code. While some private sector entities can disrupt adversaries using a variety of means (such as Microsoft's legal actions), the Federal government can impose costs on adversaries in ways that the private cannot and should not: public attribution, law enforcement actions, economic sanctions, diplomatic actions, and other means. Focusing on each sector's comparative advantage will enable the collective whole to be greater than the sum of the parts.2. Incentivize good cybersecurity behavior - While at times the government may need to compel certain actions, the Federal government should increase the incentives for organizations to implement better cybersecurity:* Strategic use of existing regulations - The Federal government should ensure that existing regulations promote good cybersecurity behavior, not inhibit it. Most of the time, new regulation is not required; instead, agencies should focus on implementing regulations that are already on the books.* Support and encourage the use of best practices - The Federal government can be a neutral, reliable party in identifying good cybersecurity practices. Two good examples are the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Cybersecurity Framework and the Software Bill of Materials initiative.* Drive industries to set standards of care - Establishing the generally accepted level of cybersecurity for organizations within a given industry would have a dramatic impact across the ecosystem. It would remove considerable uncertainty and enable businesses to plan investments. It would address concerns about liability and reduce barriers to collaboration and information sharing.* Increase publicly available information - The government can facilitate disclosure of information that can help customers, clients, shareholders, and other relevant parties take appropriate defensive actions, better assess risk, and advocate for improved security. Examples of such requirements could include data breach reporting, information about material cybersecurity risks on financial statements, and public acknowledgements about how a publicly traded company is assessing and managing its cyber risk, particularly at the board of directors' level. Such disclosures do not assist criminals or other bad actors - they already know where the weaknesses are; instead, these requirements allow market forces to operate more efficiently. These requirements should be standardized as much as possible at the national level and harmonized at the international level to the extent possible, to reduce burdens on companies and simplify reporting for consumers.3. Reinforce stability in cyberspace - Governments should strive to make cyberspace a stable, reliable environment in which to conduct business. Some key tools include:* Transparency - The US government should set the standard for transparency about its offensive cyber capabilities. Not in terms of details about tradecraft or tactics, techniques, or procedures, any more than we are transparent about the technical specifications for military weapon systems. However, we are quite open about the fact that we have attack fighters, submarines, and tanks. We should apply a similar approach to our use of offensive cyber. For example, we should continue to evolve our doctrine, being clear about how and when we would use cyber capabilities as a tool of national power. We should also be transparent about the fact of offensive cyber capabilities, just as we are open about our kinetic capabilities.* International norms of behavior - Norms can put certain activities "out of bounds." Not all nations will adhere to all the norms all of the time, but norms can help constrain behavior. Of course, we must adhere to the norms we promote--we cannot be "do as we say, not as we do" country. The US has been effective in this area over the last decade, and we should continue to build on that success.* Confidence-building measures - Adapting these approaches from arms control and conflict resolution field has promise to reduce the risk of escalation due to accidents or unintended consequences.* Coalitions of the willing - Given the divergent views among nations regarding cyberspace, privacy, and other issues, gaining global consensus on most topics is unlikely. However, this inability to reach consensus should not prevent the US from assembling coalitions of the willing. Such groups will be far more effective than trying to go it alone or letting the perfect be the enemy of the good.4. Increase resilience - If we increase our ability to weather cyber attacks and maintain operations, then the value to our adversaries of conducting attacks decreases. Resilience also enables US leaders to worry less about pre-empting foreign threats and escalating responses.5. Increase operational collaboration between the public and private sectors - Unlike in the physical realm, governments do not have a monopoly on cyber "force," and they are not likely to obtain such dominance any time soon. Therefore, the most effective action in cyberspace will involve public and private sector actors working together. Such collaboration goes beyond information sharing to synchronizing activity and it already occurs in certain circumstances. However, we need to vastly expand the scope and scale of these collaborative activities if we want to have a meaningful impact on our adversaries.Federal government organizationGiven the seriousness of the threats and the broad nature of the long-term goals I have outlined, reviewing the Federal government's structure, agency roles and missions, and coordination capabilities makes sense. However, traditional policy solutions usually do not work for cybersecurity due to four unusual aspects about the issue.Cybersecurity is inherently interagencyBureaucracies prefer issues that fit neatly into one organization's mission. Cybersecurity is almost the exact opposite. It is a national security, military, intelligence, economic, public safety, privacy, diplomatic, law enforcement, business continuity, and internal management issue all rolled into one. It touches every Federal department and agency, and many Federal organizations have a legitimate, necessary role in cybersecurity. Thus, cybersecurity far exceeds any current agency's remit. Trying to stuff the whole issue inside one existing department or agency will fail.Creating a "Department of Cybersecurity," will not work either - in fact, it would be a disaster. Cybersecurity is too integral to too many agencies' missions to centralize those functions in one department. We cannot remove cyber investigations from the FBI, oversight of financial service companies' cybersecurity from Treasury, incident response from DHS, and offensive cyber operations from the Department of Defense and consolidate them inside one department. FBI, Treasury, DHS, and DOD would end up recreating those functions to support their core missions. We would end up with even more complexity.At the same time, cybersecurity's different aspects are not independent--they interact with each other constantly, sometimes in unexpected ways. Military cyber operations can disrupt intelligence activities or law enforcement investigations. Treasury sanctions could upset diplomatic negotiations. DHS' focus on mitigation could hinder DOJ's ability to prosecute a cybercrime--or vice versa. Network defenders want information from the private sector, but many in the private sector are worried about regulatory action if they share.As a result, we can employ neither of the standard government approaches to emergent issues -- make it one agency's mission or create mutually exclusive agency siloes for different aspects of the problem. Instead, we must weld these disparate activities together into a single whole through regular, intense, sustained interagency coordination. Such coordination does not occur naturally in any government or large bureaucracy: personnel have limited incentives to coordinate activities across departmental and agency lines. That is not a moral failure or laziness, but a reality of human psychology. Instead, we must account for this facet of human nature and design our systems accordingly.Inherently intergovernmentalCybersecurity also affects governments at all levels, from municipalities to counties to state governments. It does not exclusively belong to the Federal government. As cybersecurity has become a more pressing issue for organizations of all kinds and the threat of disruptive or destructive activity has grown, the need to incorporate State, local, territorial, and tribal governments into our cybersecurity activities has grown. For example, State, Local, Territorial, and Tribal (SLTT) governments play a crucial role in a critical national function, elections. As a matter of democratic principle, we want to maintain SLTT control over elections; on the other hand, expecting an SLTT organization to defend itself against the Russians or Chinese without Federal help is foolish. Therefore, we need to enable the Federal government to collaborate more effectively with SLTT entities. In particular, the Federal government will likely need to allocate additional resources to improving SLTT cybersecurity. However, we cannot make cybersecurity exclusively a Federal or SLTT issue.Inherently internationalCyber threats cross international boundaries quite fluidly. During my time at the White House, virtually no issue was exclusively domestic. If nothing else, much of the cybercrime that afflicts US citizens and businesses has an international connection. On the flip side, what we do domestically has implications abroad. Therefore, countering the threats we face requires significant international collaboration and cooperation.Further, the international cyber environment is very complex, with many overlapping and intertwined issues. Internationally, cybersecurity involves diplomatic relations, law enforcement cooperation, financial interactions, trade issues, intelligence collaboration, and military operations, not to mention technology and competitiveness concerns. Trying to confine cybersecurity to a specific channel or type of interaction will not work.Inherently public and privateFinally, cybersecurity forces the government and the private sector into a different kind of relationship. Traditionally, the government is either a regulator or a customer for the private sector. While the government does have those relationships in cybersecurity, the government and private sector can have a third type of relationship in this area, that of partner or peer. This peer relationship stems from the fact that the private sector owns and operates vast majority of cyberspace, has equivalent (or better) technical insight and capability, and can take action that affects much of cyberspace without the government. This type of peer relationship is relatively new and we do not have the necessary laws, policy, procedures, or even vocabulary to fully manage it, other than the overused public-private partnership term. Thus, we need to fully develop the laws, policies, and procedures to govern this type of interaction, so that the relationships remain aligned with our overall sense of equity and appropriate roles for government versus the private sector.Federal agency cybersecurityIn December, several private sector companies identified malicious activity that enabled the Federal government to unravel an incredibly broad cyber-enabled espionage campaign. This intrusion effectively gave the Russian government unfettered access to numerous unclassified US government networks for over nine months. It is difficult to overstate the intelligence value the Russians gained from this access or the likely damage to our national security. That said, based on the publicly available information, the activity associated with this intrusion appears to consist of espionage, something in which all states engage. As a result, although extremely damaging to our national security, this intrusion is not an "attack." The fact that the intrusion does not constitute an attack necessarily constrains the US response. "Constrain" does not mean "prohibit." We should respond forcefully to this intrusion through diplomatic channels, such as by expelling Russian diplomats or exacting a cost in other venues. We should also signal that if the incident turns out to involve activities other than espionage, the US reserves the right to escalate accordingly. But we should carefully calibrate our response with the knowledge that the US also conducts cyber-enabled espionage.Regardless of the US response, the intrusion revealed some on-going weaknesses in Federal cybersecurity structure, practices, and funding. While the 2021 National Defense Authorization Act included several provisions that directly address some of these weaknesses (for example, authorizing CISA to conduct threat hunting across Federal civilian agencies), the Federal government still needs to aggressively reduce its cyber risk. First, it needs to continue consolidating cybersecurity services within a smaller number of agencies; just as with payroll services, only a small number of agencies should provide cybersecurity services to most Federal agencies. Second, Congress needs to enable agencies to retire their legacy IT systems at a much faster rate. Replacing legacy systems would reduce cyber risk, improve productivity, and enhance service delivery. The $9 billion for cybersecurity originally proposed in the Biden Administration's American Rescue Plan would help achieve this goal, especially resources allocated to the Technology Modernization Fund.What we can expect from private sector companiesThis topic is sensitive one. On the one hand, we do not want to re-victimize organizations that have suffered an intrusion, theft, disruption, or destructive attack; moreover, since no organization can prevent all intrusions all of the time, just because a company experiences a breach does not mean it has failed - it might have really excellent cybersecurity. On the other hand, companies have a responsibility to protect customer data or access to other organizations, which means implementing at least some cybersecurity measures, so it is also possible for a company to be negligent in this regard. The question lies in distinguishing which situation a company is in. Threading this needle is one of the key policy challenges for the US right now.The solution lies in establishing standards of care for cybersecurity. These standards should vary, depending on factors such as size, industry, function, geography, etc. Standards of care exist in many industries for areas such as safety; sometimes the standards are entirely industry driven and sometimes they backed up by regulation. These standards should not be static checklists and will need to be flexible enough to evolve as technologies and threats change.Despite developing and implementing standards of care, the resulting improvements to cybersecurity will still be insufficient to thwart dedicated nation-state intruders. In fact, no amount of cybersecurity investment will prevent a determined nation-state from gaining access all of the time. Therefore, we should not expect individual companies to defend themselves against highly capable nation-states, such as Russia or China, by themselves. The Federal government should be able to quickly come to the aid of an organization facing a nation-state threat, whether at the request of the targeted organization or based on its own knowledge.How to think about cybersecurity in the long-termThis testimony has identified multiple challenges for improving cybersecurity in the US. While cybersecurity may seem like an impossible task, the truth is that we can improve our cyber defenses. The answer is not purely technological, although technology is certainly required. The primary change we need to make is in our mindset. We need to change how we think about cybersecurity in several ways:* Adopt a risk management approach - Cyber threats are risks to be managed, not problems to be solved. We will never eliminate cyber threats entirely, nor will we reach a point of 100% security. Therefore, we need to think in terms of risk management. Just as a company can never eliminate the risk of bad weather disrupting operations, we need to treat cyber threats as a long-term risk management problem.* Use more than technology to counter the threat - Managing cyber risk effectively involves more than just employing technical solutions. Technology is necessary but insufficient for addressing cyber threats. Instead, we need to bring economic, psychological, organizational, process, policy, and legal tools to bear on the problem. Only by combining all these tools can organizations manage their cyber risk effectively.* Prevent adversaries from achieving their goals - If we think about cybersecurity from a "castle and moat" perspective, we will invariably fail. No organization can prevent all adversaries from gaining access to its networks all the time. Instead, if we think of cybersecurity as preventing the adversary from achieving their goals, then we get many more opportunities for success. If we define success as preventing the adversary from achieving their goal at any point along the way, then instead of defenders having to be "right" one-hundred percent of the time, the adversary has to make zero mistakes at every step. That mindset provides many more opportunities to thwart the adversary than the old castle and moat approach.* Recognize that cyberspace is not a global commons - One key barrier to thinking about cybersecurity effectively is that because we cannot "see" cyberspace directly, it feels divorced from the physical world. As a result, we often act as if cyberspace is an amorphous domain that resembles the oceans or the atmosphere. In turn, this view leads us to act as if cyberspace has large unclaimed, "international" zones equivalent to international waters or airspace. But cyberspace is intimately tied to territory. It exists due to computers, servers, and other devices that are all owned by a person or organization and residing on someone's territory. This recognition has significant implications for how we should view cyber operations in the international context, and the rules under which we want to conduct them. I want to be clear that in adopting a view that cyberspace is tied to territory does not mean the US has to accede to the Russian and Chinese governments' view that the state should completely dominate cyberspace, controlling everything from access to content. This conceptual approach should, however, shape how the US government and other aligned nations act and operate in cyberspace.ConclusionBased on this testimony, many people might conclude that I am a pessimist when it comes to cybersecurity. It is easy to be overwhelmed by the volume of malicious activity and become fatalistic about cybersecurity threats. However, I reject such fatalism. While we will never eliminate cyber threats entirely as long as we live in a digital world, we can improve our cyber defenses and resilience, disrupt our adversaries, and respond to events when they occur. If we achieve these goals, then we can continue to reap the benefits and minimize the cost of an increasingly connected world. Fundamentally, cyberspace is a human-created domain and that means humans can choose to make it safer.Thank you.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7381166 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: February 11, 2021End of Document

China donates 14 respirators and 53,000 COVID-19 tests to BoliviaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 26, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 226 wordsBodyChina on Tuesday donated 14 respirators and 53,000 PCR tests to Bolivia to combat COVID-19 regrowth. President Luis Arce appreciated the support and announced that the teams will be distributed in different nosocomios to strengthen their response to the demand for care.China's ambassador, Huang Yazhong, was in charge of delivering the donation to Health Minister Jeyson Auza and pledged his government's "maximum effort" to continue supporting Bolivians in this fight against the virus.The 14 respirators and PCR tests come at a time of a regrowth of the disease that has already had more than 200,000 infected since March 2020. It is currently in a process of mass detection of new cases with nasal antigen tests.Arce appreciated the support of the Chinese government."We thank Sister Republic of China for donating respirators to UTIs, mobile units and 53,000 Covid-19 screenings. The equipment will go to different health centers in the country. We value the fraternal support of the people of China #Bolivia," Arce wrote on his Twitter account.The Deputy Minister of Foreign Trade and Integration, Benjamin Blanco, stressed – according to the state-owned ABI – that the new donation is in addition to the 12,000 disposable biosecurity suits, 30,000 surgical barbjos, 2,000 glasses, 2,000 pairs of sterile gloves and 500 infrared thermometers provided.Load-Date: January 27, 2021End of Document

Mechanical engineering professor Gang Chen arrested on grant fraud chargeThe Tech: Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyFebruary 11, 2021 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 1208 wordsBodyMIT Mechanical engineering professor Gang Chen was arrested on allegations of federal grant fraud, President L. Rafael Reif wrote in an email to the MIT community Jan. 14. Chen was charged by criminal complaint with wire fraud, failing to file a foreign bank account report , and making a false statement in a tax return, according to Massachusetts U.S. Attorney Andrew Lelling's Office.Chen has held various appointments with the Peoples' Republic of China since 2012, "often in exchange for financial compensation," according to the Attorney's Office. These appointments included acting as an "overseas expert" for the PRC government "at the request of the PRC Consulate Office in New York" and serving as a member of "at least two PRC Talent Programs."The Office pointed to a February 2016 email Chen sent to himself from his MIT account, alleging that it "partially detailed" his "efforts to promote the PRC's scientific and economic development."According to the Attorney's Office, excerpts from the email read "'1. promote chinese collaboration... 3. our economy is no. 2, but from technology (structure of economy) and human resources, we are far from no. 2... 4. we are paying big price in environment, not sustainable, as well as from labor cost ... We must count on technology, cannot grow as past ... We realize not just independent innovation; but also internationalize to plan for and facilitate.'"Chen's lawyers say that this email contained notes of somebody else's statements at a lecture he attended, not his own thoughts, and that the press release omitted the conclusion of the email, which made it clear that he was summarizing the comments.Many of Chen's appointments from PRC government officials, as well as numerous undisclosed contracts, are "expressly intended to further the PRC's scientific and technological goals," said Matthew McCarthy, one of the Homeland Security Investigations Special Agents assigned to Chen's case, in an affidavit.McCarthy stated that he was "aware that the general subject matter of Chen's research at MIT - nanotechnology - was specifically identified" as an "area of interest to the PRC government." Lelling also said that he thought it was no coincidence the Chinese government publicly identified nanotechnology as a priority.McCarthy identified several contracts that "entitled Chen to receive hundreds of thousands of dollars in direct payments and millions of dollars in funding" for his research from the PRC. Among these were a five-year contract with the Zhongguancun Development Group ("ZDG"), a PRC state-owned enterprise funded by the Beijing Municipal Government; a consultant position for the "Outstanding Talent Plan" at a state-owned school managed by local PRC officials, for which Chen agreed to "identify and recommend students for admission to top-tier universities" in the U.S; and an appointment to the Southern University of Science and Technology (SUSTech) Advisory Board, for which Chen and his research group "benefitted from approximately $19 million in funding."MIT established a collaboration with SUSTech in 2018, and while "Chen is its inaugural MIT faculty director, this is not an individual collaboration; it is a departmental one, supported by the Institute," Reif clarified in a second email to the MIT community Jan. 22.U.S. Customs and Border Protection conducted a border search of Chen and his baggage upon his return from a trip to the PRC in January 2020. When CBP asked about the purpose of Chen's trip, he responded that his meetings in China "were 'a collaboration,'" and when asked what the focus of the collaboration was, Chen replied "'a collaboration is a collaboration,' or words to that effect," according to McCarthy. When CBP asked if Chen "did any research or just held meetings during these collaborations," Chen responded that all of his "'research is conducted in the [U.S.],' or words to that effect." McCarthy noted that the CBP officers who questioned Chen claimed his answers were "short and curt, and he appeared evasive."Chen "failed to disclose" that he was an advisor to SUSTech and four other PRC appointments on a grant renewal proposal to the Department of Energy in March 2017, McCarthy wrote; McCarthy "confirmed with DOE officials that, at a minimum, Chen was required to disclose these activities" in the appendices of the proposal. McCarthy added that "Chen failed to disclose the above-listed PRC appointments and activities" in a March 2019 progress report.Chen also failed to file an FBAR for the 2018 Tax Year, and "answered 'no' to the question of whether he had" a financial interest in or authority over a financial account in a foreign country, which McCarthy believes is "false" because "Chen appears to have owned or had an interest in multiple bank accounts at the Bank of China in 2017 and 2018."Lelling told reporters that it "is not illegal to collaborate with foreign researchers. It is illegal to lie about it."Chen's lawyers asked a federal judge to sanction Lelling Feb. 4 for his "attempt to gin up Chen's charges" and making his activity sound "far more nefarious" than the reality. Lawyers Brian Kelly and Robert Fisher said that the charges "represent the dying gasp of blatant anti-Chinese bias in 'the waning hours of the Trump Administration'" and that Lelling's public statements would interfere with a fair trial.In their request for sanctions, Kelly and Fisher argue that Lelling held a press conference a few hours after the complaint was unsealed, in which he made "numerous false, highly inflammatory statements," claiming that the allegations were "not just about greed, but loyalty to China"; they stated that there is "nothing in the Complaint to suggest that Chen is not loyal" to the U.S.Over 170 MIT professors signed a Jan. 21 letter defending Chen against the allegations. "We stand in solidarity with our colleague ... We feel that he deserves full support and commitment from MIT," the letter wrote.It added that the professors were "baffled" by many parts of the official complaint and public statements against Chen, stating that the complaint "represents a deep misunderstanding of how research is conducted or funded" at MIT.The letter addresses various allegations in the complaint, suggesting that the complaints are "flawed and misleading." In response to the wire fraud allegation, the letter states that "Chen's scientific collaborations and broader connections to China are a matter of extensive disclosure and public record," and are "anything but hidden" from DOE grant reviewers. Chen's arrest comes nearly a year after the arrest of Harvard Professor Charles Lieber, who was a "contractual participant in China's Thousand Talents Plan" from 2012 to 2017; the Thousand Talents Plan is a prominent talent program that "seeks to lure Chinese overseas talent and foreign experts to bring their knowledge and experience to China and reward individuals for stealing proprietary information," according to the Department of Justice's Office of Public Affairs. While Harvard did not pay for Lieber's legal defense, MIT will fund Chen's legal defense. An independent GoFundMe, organized by Chen's daughter to cover "expenses beyond this agreement" raised $401,387 as of Jan. 25.Load-Date: February 11, 2021End of Document

Institute for Energy Research: Auto Manufacturers Are Putting Profits Into Electric Vehicles That Consumers May Not WantTargeted News ServiceFebruary 20, 2021 Saturday 9:40 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1447 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Institute for Energy Research issued the following statement:* * *Despite electric vehicle sales making up a little more than 4 percent of global auto sales, they totaled just 1.9 percent of retail sales in the United States in 2020. Some analysts expect the U.S. sales number to grow to 2.5 percent in 2021 because of more diversity and availability. Edmunds analysts expect 30 electric vehicles from 21 brands to be available for sale this year vs. the 17 electric vehicles from 12 brands that were available in 2020. Automotive manufacturers are putting their profits into more electric vehicle models, with General Motors promising to go all electric by 2035. Yet, there are many impediments to electric vehicle adoption by consumers, including cost, lack of electric charging infrastructure, availability of parts (e.g., batteries and semiconductor chips) and range, to name a few. A study by the National Bureau of Economic Research found electric vehicles in California drove 5,300 miles in a year--less than half the miles of gasoline-powered cars, probably due to some of these cost and convenience issues.General MotorsGeneral Motors made over $6 billion last year--one of its highest profit totals ever as the pandemic drove personal vehicle travel over mass transit. Recently, GM said it hoped to end production of petroleum-powered cars and trucks by 2035 for an all-electric model lineup in about 15 years. It has set interim targets of introducing 30 new electric cars and trucks in the next four years, and selling a million of them a year in the United States and a million more in China by 2025. China is GM's largest market, and has been for years, although most of the vehicles sold there are made in plants in China. GM plans to spend $27 billion on electric and autonomous cars by 2025, and over $7 billion this year. The most profitable vehicles that GM makes are pick-ups and SUVs and those profits will be put toward electric vehicle development.GM earned $6.4 billion in 2020, down from $6.7 billion a year earlier, as sales of pickup trucks and S.U.V.s in the second half of the year offset the low sales in the spring due to the pandemic. Revenue declined 11 percent, to $122 billion.GM's electric Chevy Bolt has been on the market for several years, but sales have been low. Last year GM sold fewer than 21,000 Bolts in the United States--0.8 percent of GM's 2.5 million U.S. sales for the year. GM will introduce an updated version of its Chevrolet Bolt compact hatchback and a roomier version called the Bolt E.U.V., or electric utility vehicle, in the coming weeks. An electric Hummer pickup and an electric Cadillac S.U.V. are to follow later this year and in 2022.Other AutomakersGM is not the only automaker spending heavily on electric cars. Ford Motor Company doubled its electric vehicle development budget to $22 billion over the next five years, and Volkswagen earmarked more than $80 billion over the same period. Ford recently began selling its Mustang Mach-E, an electric S.U.V. styled to resemble the company's sports car. Volkswagen plans to begin delivering an electric S.U.V., the ID.4, to customers next month. Ford has plans to bring the all-electric Ford F-150 to market in mid-2022, which is a top priority for the company.Daimler, which makes Mercedes-Benz cars, indicated it would have an electric or hybrid version of each of its models by 2022, and Volkswagen has promised an electric version for each of its models by 2030. Nissan plans to have all its "new vehicle offerings" in key markets be electrified by the early 2030s, as part of its efforts to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.Last fall, California's Governor Gavin Newson inked an executive order stating all new passenger cars and trucks sold in the state would have to be emission-free by 2035. Just three months ago, Chinese policymakers ordered that most vehicles sold in China also must be electric by 2035. Several countries in Europe also have similar edicts.Issues to Electric Vehicle ProductionPrice parity with gasoline-powered vehicles remains years away. That obstacle is highly related to the availability and cost of battery packs. Making the battery pack can cost as little as $1,500 for the simplest Chinese-brand electric micro subcompacts, but they are not suitable for highway driving because of their slowness and modest range. The cost of battery packs is as much as $12,000 for a high-performance car, like a Tesla. Gasoline engines in each category of car size and performance typically cost less than half as much.Supply chains will need to be established to support key components such as batteries and power systems. The availability of battery packs and raw materials like lithium and cobalt is dominated by China. Of the 142-lithium ion battery mega factories that are under construction, 107 are in China. Only nine are in the United States.In 2011, GM agreed to transfer battery technology and other electric car technology to a joint venture in China with the country's largest state-owned automaker, Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation. At the time, the Chinese government was putting heavy pressure on foreign automakers to transfer electric car technology to joint ventures in China. Such technology transfers -- which foreign companies sometimes complain they are forced to make to gain access to the big Chinese market -- had become a major issue between Washington and Beijing. The transfers were cited by officials under President Trump as one reason for launching a trade war against China.Also, a dire shortage of computer chips has disrupted production at auto plants around the world and is expected to last well into this year. GM is extending what was supposed to be a weeklong shutdown at three North American factories into the middle of March because of the shortage. According to GM, the paucity of chips would lower its operating profit this year by $1.5 billion to $2 billion. Computer chips are needed for touch screens, engine controls and transmissions. New cars can have dozens of semiconductors. Ford has also closed factories. On February 11, 2021, President Biden announced he was directing a 100 day study to determine how to strengthen U.S. semiconductor production.Significant electric vehicle growth will be dependent on infrastructure such as recharging stations. A recent report from Deloitte found U.S. consumers' biggest concern regarding all-electric vehicles is range and a lack of charging infrastructure, which is most likely why electric vehicles are driven half as many miles as gasoline vehicles. President Biden is pushing for a new economic recovery package to include funding to build 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations, and to create a system of rebates and incentives for purchasing electric vehicles to make these vehicles more palatable to U.S. consumers. The President recognizes that their adoption will not be based solely on the market and consumer choices.Americans, who treasure the range, cost, and fueling infrastructure of gasoline and diesel vehicles will, however, continue to buy them. Those new cars will have a long road life and improved fuel efficiency, mandated by Corporate Average Fuel Economy Standards, which means new gasoline-powered vehicles will require less fuel than in the past.Even if GM and other automakers are able to move to an all-electric fleet by 2035 or 2040, combustion engine cars and trucks are likely to be on the roads for at least several decades to come in the absence of a huge government program designed to encourage people to replace them more quickly. There are more than 250 million vehicles on U.S. roads; the vast majority burn gasoline or diesel, and are on average about 11 years old.ConclusionPresident Biden clearly does not believe in the free market and consumer choice with his executive orders and push to transition Americans to electric vehicles that cost more, do not have the range and fueling infrastructure, and are more dependent on China's batteries and raw materials than gasoline or diesel vehicles, where America has achieved its independence from foreign oil. U.S. automakers are following Biden's lead with GM indicating that it will only produce electric vehicles by 2035. GM and other auto producers are pouring their profits into producing electric vehicles. Americans, however, will continue to buy gasoline vehicles due to their cost, range and ease of refueling, and those vehicles will be on the roads for decades despite Biden's plans. Convenience and choice along with utility have always driven America's car buyers.[Category: Energy]Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7391449 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: February 20, 2021End of Document

Acacia Communications Scraps $2.6 Billion Takeover Deal by Cisco Systems Over Chinese Regulatory ApprovalMT Newswires Live Briefs PROJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 9:55 AM ESTCopyright 2021 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 377 wordsBody Acacia Communications (ACIA) said it was scrapping its $2.6 billion takeover agreement with Cisco Systems (CSCO) after it said the deal didn't receive approval from Chinese regulators by a deadline on Friday, although Cisco said it was told by the country's authorities that it had addressed competition concerns. In a statement, Acacia said it was terminating the agreement with immediate effect. The company said that the deal was conditioned on receiving regulatory approvals within a timeline set out in the agreement."Because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the Jan. 8, 2021 extended end date," Acacia said in a statement.In July 2019, Cisco said it would pay $70 per share in cash for Acacia, the Maynard, Massachusetts-based maker of optical interconnect products that the company said brings faster connection speeds and lower power consumption.At the time, Cisco said acquiring Acacia would "allow us to build on the strength of our switching, routing and optical networking portfolio to address our customers' most demanding requirements." The deal was originally set for a closing date in the second half of Cisco's fiscal 2020 year, a period that ended in July. Later, Cisco said the closing was expected in the first half of fiscal 2021.Acacia said that Cisco has told the company it might "dispute Acacia's right to have terminated the merger agreement," according to Friday's statement. "Acacia intends to defend any such claims."In a separate statement, Cisco said it was notified on Thursday by China's State Administration for Market Regulation that its submission was "sufficient to address the relevant competition concerns." Cisco said it's seeking confirmation from the Delaware Court of Chancery that it has met closing conditions for the takeover of Acacia."Cisco is also seeking a court mandate that the agreement may not be terminated until the court resolves these matters, and an order from the court requiring Acacia to close the transaction," San Jose, California-based Cisco said.Price: 79.00, Change: +6.55, Percent Change: +9.04Load-Date: January 8, 2021End of Document

Right Wing Extremism and The Epoch Times in Atlantic CanadaThe Brunswickan: University of New BrunswickFebruary 3, 2021 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 567 wordsByline: Andrew McCulloughBodyIn recent weeks, many residents in Atlantic Canada discovered free copies of The Epoch Times in their mailbox. The Epoch Times is a far-right newspaper based in New York, which publishes articles about conspiracy theories, often addressing concerns about the Chinese Government.It is unclear why this American publication is being distributed in Atlantic Canada, though it is evident that right-wing extremism surged in Atlantic Canada following the 2016 American election of Donald Trump.  According to UNB sociologist David Hofmann, 2016 was a turning point which saw right-wing extremist movements grow around the world. A research team working with Hofmann identified 29 active right-wing extremist groups in Atlantic Canada, including the Proud Boys and the Northern Guard.Hofmann's research shows that from 2016 on, right-wing extremist activity increased each year, culminating in 40 incidents in 2019. The research identifies activities including protests, vandalism, and violence. According to Hofmann, many of these groups brand themselves as "good old Canadian boys," yet, "in private circles, they're virulent, hateful and so on, so forth."In April 2020, CBC reported that postal carriers were being forced to deliver The Epoch Times paper to Canadians in several provinces, despite the paper containing headlines falsely claiming that COVID-19 was a biological weapon with links to the Chinese Communist Party.The Epoch Times was created in May 2000 and now publishes in 21 languages. Today it publishes video content catering to a conservative audience, addressing issues regarding Trump, China, the Falun Gong religious movement, and what they see as a rise in socialism in the United States.According to a report by NBC News, The Epoch Times has amassed over 3 billion views across a variety of streaming platforms, ranks 11th in views among video creators across major platforms, and outranks all traditional publishers in video content.The creator of The Epoch Times, John Tang, is a member of Falun Gong, a Chinese new religious movement founded in the early '90s. The publication has drawn significant media criticism for publishing what has been called "propaganda" for the Falun Gong.Falun Gong believes the moral decay of the Chinese Communist Party will culminate in a "Dharma-ending period" akin to a religious judgement day during which those who Falun Gong believes to be "communists" are punished.In 1999, the Chinese Government initiated a crackdown on Falun Gong, calling it an "evil cult" in the country's largest official newspaper People's Daily. Due to perceived persecution from the Chinese Government, many Falun Gong members immigrated to the United States, forming ex-patriot communities. The Epoch Times management has denied direct association with the religious movement. "The paper's not owned by Falun Gong. It doesn't speak for Falun Gong," stated the publication. In recent years, the paper focused its attention on articles portraying U.S. President Donald Trump in a positive light. Jasper Fakkert, the Editor-in-Chief of The Epoch Times and former Republican Party candidate, stated that Donald Trump frequently reads the paper and believes it to be "a truthful and correct paper.""We see the Trump administration's efforts to change socialist policies in America...[and] if fully realized, will benefit America and the world as a whole," stated Fakkert.  Load-Date: February 3, 2021End of Document

Huawei has revenue sway outside China after offside to run appsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 31, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 687 wordsBodyPressure from the United States government on Huawei, a Chinese manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, impacted the company's revenue around the globe. The company had a fall in revenue in all markets outside China. The highest drop was in the Americas (-24.5%), followed by Europe, the Middle East and Africa (-12.2%) and Asia (-8.7%), according to balance sheet data, published on Wednesday, 31.According to Huawei, the fall in revenue in these regions is concentrated in the division of equipment for end consumers, such as mobile phones, tablets and computers, which have been banned from running Google applications such as YouTube, Gmail, Maps and PlayStore, which are very popular with users.The United States has included Huawei since mid-2019 in a kind of 'blacklist' of companies that pose potential threats in the field of cybersecurity, according to the government's view there. As a result, any U.S. group was prevented from doing business with the Chinese multinational - which led to a veto for Google applications."We are facing a challenging situation with the restrictions of the United States. They are unfair and unreasonable oppositions," corporate communications director Karl Song said at a press conference.The executive admitted that the veto weighed on the balance sheet, since the division of equipment for final consumers accounts for 54% of the consolidated revenue of the group. The company's other segments are network infrastructures (34%) and information technology (12%)."But we are very happy that we have other growth engines," Song added, referring to the development of 5G in several countries, artificial intelligence solutions, cloud computing and the internet of things. As a more specific example, the director cited that Huawei is working in partnership with assemblers to provide digital solutions for smart and autonomous cars.Huawei closes 2020 with profit despite U.S. pressureDespite the fall in revenue on other continents, Huawei closed the year with growth in its consolidated numbers. Huawei made a net profit of 64.6 billion yuan ($9.9 billion) in 2020, up 3.1 percent from 2019.The group's total revenue grew 3.8 percent in this period, totaling 891 billion yuan ($137 billion). The advance was driven by the 15.4% increase in revenues in China itself, which is not only the company's homeland, but also its most representative market.Huawei called 2020 challenging by the effect of the pandemic, which negatively impacted countries' economy on all continents. On the other hand, it pointed to a clear trend of greater digitization of activities around the world, reinforcing the demand for infrastructure and telecommunications solutions.The director of cybersecurity, Marcelo Motta, added that other effects also reached the company's results, such as the reduction in gross domestic product in Latin America, added to the devaluation of the exchange rate in countries such as Brazil and Argentina.Huawei plans to expand 5G presence in BrazilHuawei reached the end of 2020 with 140 commercial 5G networks implemented in 59 countries and regions. According to the company, there is plenty of room for the development of new technology in Latin America in 2021 and 2022, considering the holding of the 5G auction recently in Chile, and the proximity of the same type of event in Brazil, Argentina and Mexico."We are pleased that the Brazilian government has addressed the auction and supports the free market," Motta said, referring to the lack of a veto for equipment suppliers to meet the teles in the 5G sign.Motta reiterated the expectation that the 5G auction in Brazil will take place around half of the year and said huawei will be ready to meet the demand of operators with the supply of networks."Considering that this auction happens on the scheduled date, we expect more investments in 5G and are ready to work with local operators, both for current and next frequencies that will be auctioned," said the executive.He added that he also sees the potential to work on projects aimed at serving the agriculture, mining and industry sectors, among others.Load-Date: April 1, 2021End of Document

We're Adding Alibaba to Our BullpenJim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUSJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 1:35 PM EDTCopyright 2021 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 909 wordsByline: Jim Cramer and the AAP TeamHighlight: We're increasingly intrigued thanks to the quality of the company and business segments, and the size of the Chinese market.BodyAs we close out the first week of the new year, we are adding one more name to our Bullpen, Chinese tech juggernaut Alibaba  . "As a reminder you can find more information about why we keep a bullpen on the page . Additionally, our full bullpen list can be found on the page .With shares falling nearly $100 from recent all-time highs after the Chinese government halted the ANT Financial IPO, and on the back of news that the Chinese government was investigating the name for monopolistic practices (not unlike the probe the U.S. government is doing on names like Alphabet  and Amazon  ), not to mention the recent disappearance of founder Jack Ma (though we have now learned that he was simply laying low), we are increasingly intrigued thanks to the quality of the company and business segments and the size of the Chinese market.While there are too many brands under the Alibaba umbrella to discuss each in detail in this post, the company reports in four main segments: Core Commerce, Cloud Computing, Digital Media & Entertainment, and Innovation Initiatives & Others. The two primary segments to focus on are Core Commerce, which accounts for ~84% of sales and is growing at 29% per year (as of the September quarter) and Cloud Computing, which accounts for ~10% of revenue and is growing at an incredible 60% annually (as of the September quarter). Digital Media & Entertainment remains small at ~5% and is growing at 8% per year, while Innovation Initiatives & Others is growing at 10%.As for profitability, as of the September quarter, commerce was the only EBITA profitable segment with a 35% margin, cloud is approaching breakeven with a -1% margin, entertainment had a -9% margin while innovation, a segment not unlike Alphabet's money losing (but future-proofing) Other Bets segment, saw a -203% EBITA margin.One other noteworthy business not reflected is ANT Financial, the finance juggernaut whose IPO was recently delayed, though we would not be surprised to see it make another attempt once regulatory concerns are addressed. We call this out because as members know, we absolutely love the fintech space and Alibaba happens to own ~33% of the business so the recent negative news has been reflected via Alibaba's recent decline and any good news in the future should certainly serve to support shares.Now, while we love the business and as members know we think the e-commerce, cloud computing, digital entertainment and fintech end markets are some of the strongest growing secular markets in the world, we would be remiss not to discuss the risks. The primary risk we believe must be mindful of is that this is a Chinese company and as a result, at risk of the whims of the People's Republic of China (PRC) which has much more authority over companies and can act without question should they desire, as current shareholders have been painfully reminded of these past few weeks. The other risk often brought up is that when a U.S. investor buys shares of BABA, the ownership structure is not the same as when one purchases a U.S. company. While a purchase of U.S. securities in a U.S. company represents ownership in the company, in the case of BABA purchasers of the security are actually buying shares in what is known as a variable interest entity (VIE) based in the Cayman Islands which has in turn established an agreement with Alibaba the company for the rights to the profits generated by the company -- i.e., BABA owners own rights to the profits, but do not technically own shares in the company or its assets. Essentially this is a loop hole designed to address foreign ownership restrictions.So, why take this risk? As noted above we find the business incredibly attractive and our interest in this name, despite the risk posed by the PRC, is heavily predicated on the belief that a Biden administration will smooth over relations with China. Moreover, we believe that Alibaba's size and the stock's presence in so many foreign (outside of China) portfolios adds an element of security as the PRC must consider the implications of its actions on BABA or the VIE relationship as anything done to greatly harm the investment case can cause global investors to seriously reconsider investments in China. And while the PRC can act as it pleases given a lack of checks and balances, they must still consider what their actions will mean for future fun flows into the region, and given their desire to increase access to their markets, we believe much of this risk will mitigated. The other factor is the size of the Chinese market, with ~1.4 billion people and one of the fastest growing middle classes in the world, we believe the addressable market opportunity so great that it justifies the these exogenous risks, which again, are noteworthy but in our view, less of a concern than the headlines would have you believe.Lastly, we believe much of the risk is reflected in the significant valuation discount shares of BABA tend to trade at versus its U.S. peers. Whereas Amazon trades at ~70x CY2021E earnings per share and Alphabet trades at ~29x CY2021E earnings per share, Alibaba trades at ~19x CY2021E earnings per share, a very attractive multiple given the rapid growth in commerce and cloud, the growing middle class population, our belief in an easing of tensions with a Biden administration and, importantly, a multiple that appropriately reflects the risks associated with investing in even the best of Chinese stocks.Load-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

In their first face-to-face meeting of the Biden era, the U.S. and China crossed hard with mutual reproachCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 19, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 744 wordsBodyIn his first head-to-head meeting since Joe Biden's arrival at the White House, Chinese diplomatic officials and U.S. government representatives crossed paths in harsh terms on Thursday at a meeting in Anchorage, Alaska. The talks will continue this Friday with a closed session, in what is expected to be a round of even more tense discussions.Practically from the outings, the two sides exchanged reproaches:the United States accused the Chinese delegation of 'grandiloquence'' for domestic consumption in China, and Beijing responded Friday by saying that there was a "strong smell of gunpowder and drama"' in the room and that it was only the fault of the Americans.In unusually harsh statements at a high-profile diplomatic meeting, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Chinese Communist Party for Foreign Affairs manager Yang Jiechi attacked each other's policies.The Anchorage summit, which will continue with a closed-door session on Friday, was a new test in the increasingly conflicting relations between the two nations, which are confronted by a number of issues,from trade to human rights in Tibet, Hong Kong and in China's Xinjiang region, Taiwan, Beijing's claims in the East China Sea and the coronavirus pandemic.Blinken said Biden's government is united with its allies in rejecting China's growing authoritarianism and aggressiveness both on its territory and abroad. Yang later filed a list of Beijing's complaints about the United States and accused Washington of hypocrisy for criticizing his country for human rights and other issues."Each of these actions threatens the rules-based order that maintains global stability," Blinken said of China's actions in Xinjiang, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, and cyberattacks on the United States and economic coercion against U.S. allies. National security adviser Jake Sullivan expanded criticism, saying China has embarked on an "assault on core values." "We don't seek conflict, but we welcome tough competition," he said. Yang responded angrily by demanding that the United States stop pushing its own version of democracy at a time when the country itself has been shaken by domestic discontent. He also accused the United States of not addressing its own human rights issues and was opposed to what it called "condescension" by Blinken, Sullivan, and other U.S. officials. "We think it's important for America to change its own image and stop promoting its own democracy in the rest of the world," he said. "A lot of people within America have really little confidence in America's democracy." "China will not accept unwarranted accusations from the United States," he said, adding that the latest developments had plunged relations "in a period of unprecedented difficulty" that "has damaged the interests of our two peoples." "There's no way to strangle China," he said. Blinken seemed annoyed by the tenor and duration of the comments, which lasted for more than 15 minutes. He said his impressions when talking to world leaders and on his newly concluded trip to Japan and South Korea were totally different from the Chinese position. "I am hearing deep satisfaction at America's return, for our new commitment," Blinken replied. "I also hear a deep concern about some of the actions that yourgovernment is carrying out."Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian later said in Beijing that Blinken and Sullivan had provoked Chinese officials to give a "solemn response" after U.S. officials made "unfounded attacks" on China. "It was the American side that (...) provoked the dispute in the first place, so the two sides had a strong smell of gunpowder and drama from the beginning in the opening remarks. It was not the original intention of the Chinese side," Zhao told reporters at a daily briefing. A senior Biden administration official said that, despite sour public exposure to differences, the initial closed-door discussions had been "substantial, serious and straightforward" and lasted well over two hours. U.S.-China ties have been strainedfor years, and Biden's administration has not yet pointed out whether it is prepared or willing to move away from hard-line stances adopted under Donald Trump.Trump had prided himself on forging what he considered a strong relationship with Chinese leader Xi Jinping. But the relationship disintionrated after the coronavirus pandemic spread from Wuhan Province to the world and unseededan economic and public health disaster.Source: APLoad-Date: March 20, 2021End of Document

GB withdraws transmission license to China TV channelCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 4, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 324 wordsBodyLONDON (AP) — British regulators stripped China's state television channel of its national broadcast license on Thursday, after an investigation cited a lack of editorial control and ties to China's ruling Communist Party.The communications control body, Ofcom, reported that it revoked the UK license for China Global Television Network (CGTN) an international satellite news channel in English.CGTN did not respond Thursday to requests for comment.Regulators began investigating the station after receiving a complaint from human rights group Safeguard Defenders asking for an investigation into their property.Ofcom continues to investigate other complaints that the TV violated the rules on fairness and accuracy.In Thursday's decision, the regulator said it found that the station's licensed entity, Star China Media Limited, did not have editorial responsibility for the production of CGTN, which is a licensing requirement. Star China was simply the distributor of the channel and none of the employees involved in day-to-day operations or decision-making were its employees.The agency said it gave CGTN "significant time" to meet, but that those efforts "have now been exhausted."In a separate case, Ofcom said it hopes to decide soon on sanctions for CGTN for violating impartiality rules in the coverage of protests for democracy in Hong Kong.Losing the British transmission license is a major setback for CGTN, which has been a key element of the Chinese government's drive to expand its soft power and polish its image abroad. The channel had established a European hub in west London and was on a wave of hiring journalists.This is not the first time Ofcom has revoked a state channel's streaming license. In 2012, he removed iranian Press TV's license after a complaint that he issued a previously prepared interview with a journalist arrested and conducted under threat of execution.___Follow Kelvin Chan on www.twitter.com/chanmanLoad-Date: February 5, 2021End of Document

China: detect coronavirus in ice creamCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 17, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 254 wordsBodyThe coronavirus was detected in ice cream produced in east China, forcing the removal of product packages from the same batch on the market, according to the government.Daqiaodao Food Co., Ltd., in Tianjin, near Beijing, was isolated and its employees have been tested to see if they have the infection, the city government said in a statement. There was no indication that anyone had contracted the virus by eating the ice cream.More than 29,000 packages of the lot had not been sold, according to the government. He added that 390 marketed in Tianjin were tracked and authorities elsewhere were notified of shipments to their areas.Ingredients included New Zealand milk powder and Ukrainian whey powder, according to authorities.The Chinese government has found that the disease, first detected in late 2019 in the city of Wuhan in central China, came from abroad and has highlighted what it describes as finding coronavirus in fish and other imported foods, notwithstanding the skepticism of foreign scientists.NEWSLETTER 9AM From Monday to Friday, the selection of our editors of the most relevant information for each day.  Enter your email Send Thank you for subscribing!An error has occurred, please try again later.     We have something to offer you With our digital subscription you will enjoy more than 300 exclusive items per month and ship our sites without limits. We have premium newsletters, an exclusive community for you, discounts with Club La Voz and more.  I want to subscribe from $39 Advertising       Load-Date: January 18, 2021End of Document

Cable Connector Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026); The cable connector market is expected to register a CAGR of 5. 94% during the forecast period from 2021 to 2026. The market for cable connectors is booming, owing to the global digital transition. Reliable connectivity, high performance, and efficiency are the major factors boosting the growth of the market studied.GlobeNewswireFebruary 26, 2021 Friday 3:30 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MARKET RESEARCH REPORTSLength: 1746 wordsBodyNew York, Feb.  26, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report "Cable Connector Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026)" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p06028485/?utm_source=GNW  High-performance networks are essential for business, manufacturing, security, and media. Furthermore, cables, such as USB Type-C and HDMI, are hugely popular.- The growing number of fixed broadband connections over the years has enabled the growth of the market studied. According to ITU, the number of global fixed broadband subscriptions increased by 9% annually in the last five years. This increase in broadband connections will provide an opportunity for the growth of the market studied, as the installation of these connections require connectors. Furthermore, the penetration of the internet extensively among the developing nations worldwide is expected to boost the demand for RF cable further. For instance, Latin America had 368 million internet users in 2017, which is poised to reach 465 million by 2022. Also, by 2023, APAC is expected to have 3.1 billion Internet users (72% of the regional population), an increase from 2.1 billion (52% of the local population) in 2018, as per Cisco's survey.- The use of cable connectors for miniature applications is rapidly growing. Several key markets, including mobile technology, aerospace and defense, and medical technology, drive the growth of the market. The mobile phone and TV market witnessed high growth in the past decade. As of May 2020, Times Microwave Systems, an RF/Microwave interconnect solutions developer, released a new Time Locking Miniature Push-On (TLMP) connector to cater to the increasing demand for micro-miniature interfaces for applications with high data rate or board-to-board systems in military, aerospace, and space flight applications. The smartphones and other handheld devices require smaller and lower -profile components, including micro -connectors capable of providing very high data speeds.- Most of the data and power connections use RF connectors and cables, and these trends are likely to continue with high-speed data, enterprise networking, and industrial IoT applications. Furthermore, as the adoption of the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) is increasing in Europe and APAC, the connector companies are turning to M12 cable connectors. The new IIoT equipment is expected not to use the legacy serial connectors, such as RS-232, RS-485, and other legacy and D-shell type connectors. The IIoT equipment will deploy newer connectors, such as USB, CAT 5/6/7, HDMI, and DisplayPort, to name a few. Besides, a comprehensive view of the manufacturing process under IIoT is accomplished by placing networked sensors on physical equipment to collect data. These sensor-based data is transmitted back to a central location for the decision-makers to access it.- The majority of the vendors are manufacturing edge-computing power connectors to facilitate the flow of highly sensitive data from the device to the cloud and back again. This factor is essential for manufacturing connectors for AI and augmented reality. The outbreak of COVID-19 has led China to announce a lockdown and practice social isolation in the initial months of 2020. This factor halted manufacturing, as well as the production of various equipment and machinery for several weeks. Furthermore, the country also restricted its import and export of critical raw materials and industrial equipment. This factor is impacting the supply chain. Alternatively, several retailers and distributors' closings reduced the availability of components, such as connectors, across the European and North American regions.Key Market TrendsAutomotive is Expected to Hold Significant Share- The automotive sector is projected to witness a strong demand for connectors, aided by the adoption of highly advanced electronic systems, such as audio controls, driver assistance systems, diagnostic systems, cruise control, and infotainment systems. Moreover, the increasing popularity of electric vehicles is also expected to boost the growth of the market. Some of the significant market trends in the segment include innovations and design improvements to meet the quality and reliability standards of devices, demand for versatile miniature connectors, the popularity of RoHS - compliant, UL recognized, and IP -rated connectors, as well as smart connectors with EMI/RFI suppression features.- In 2019, the Japanese motorcycle manufacturers, namely Honda, Kawasaki, Suzuki, and Yamaha, announced a new collaboration to standardize replaceable battery technology for electric motorcycles. As Motorcycles are smaller than vehicles, they use less energy. However, the high -performance models use automotive connectors with data pins and the same connectors for smart charging. This has led to connector introductions with higher pin densities for analog and digital signals and fully isolated terminals, to be placed next to power rails to optimize the use of the limited space available.- New automotive technologies have altered the ways cars are wired. The critical electrical components are required to reliably transmit power, signal, and data in certified conditions. The hybrid electric and electric vehicle has expanded the vision for applying robust connector technology from race cars to robotics in the form of autonomous vehicles. This has led to a significant development in design and material, driving the connector to reduce weight by 20 % to 30 %, in comparison to the standard models.- In January 2020, Japan Aviation Electronics (JAE) launched a new set of connectors, the MX80 Series of compact waterproof in-line connectors for automotive applications. As the need for high-performance automobiles increases, the number of built-in electronic components increases as well. This leads to limited mounting and wiring space, and the demand for smaller connectors becomes ever more evident. MX80 Series connectors support various vehicle applications such as side-view mirrors, actuating motor functions, indicator lights, blind-spot monitors, etc. They are waterproof and possess a small-form-factor for use in internal or external vehicle environments.Asia-Pacific is Expected to Witness the Fastest Growth Rate- The continuous advancements in communication technologies are the major factors boosting the growth of the cable connectors market, precisely the demand for and the production of consumer electronics in the region. Moreover, the support by IT and communications for automated processes in industrial applications facilitated the easier adoption among the manufacturers. Sensor components, faster networks, flexible interfaces with high levels of reliability and secured hierarchical access, and error-correction options added to the productivity, continued quality deliveries, and minimized manufacturing cost in the region.- For instance, according to the Chinese government, the industrial IoT (IIoT) market is expected to witness growth, accounting for around USD 65 billion by 2020. Furthermore, the Japanese government approved a plan, known as the -Rebirth of Japan,' which outlines the route towards strengthening the manufacturing sector by targeting the development of USD 1.3 trillion. It is expected that, by 2023, the revenue of the companies in the industrial area are expected to increase by USD 490 billion, as a result of the adoption of the standards of Industry 4.0.- On the domestic front, India has significant plans for smart cities. This factor is facilitating the approval of the smart home. Furthermore, Jio's policies and prices for JioFiber and a couple of individual Jio IoT devices would aid the affordability of smart homes in the country. The telecom operator has provided details about some of the personal IoT devices that will promote smart home ecosystems in most homes. The advancements such as these are expected to boost the demand for connectors in the region.- The industrial expansions in China resulted in a significant improvement in the standard of living. These factors boosted the demand from the home and industrial markets for modern goods and services. This factor is expected to have a positive impact on the growth of the cable connectors market. For instance, the Chinese government and the local vendors are actively promoting the plans for the development of 5G, with the deployment of the same expected by the end of 2020. This initiative is expected to develop upgrades across communication infrastructure while installing better cable connectors and other equipment.Competitive LandscapeThe cable connector market is highly fragmented, as the players can quickly enter the market, owing to the rising demand and low capital investment required. Moreover, the acquisitions have been a key trend observed across the years in the market. For instance, Amphenol made about 49 deals between 1999 and 2017. Some of the key players include Amphenol Corporation, Molex Inc. (Acquired by Koch Industries), Fujitsu Limited, TE Connectivity Limited,3M Company, Prysmian SpA, among others.- March 2020 - TE Connectivity (TE) launched STRADA Whisper cable receptacles, which can allow engineers to start designing for up to 112G PAM-4 data rates in servers, switches, and routers. These cable receptacles incorporate STRADA Whisper connectors on one end and connect to a variety of other high-speed solutions on the other, including backplane, mid-board, or input/output (I/O) products, bypassing the printed circuit board (PCB) and minimizing insertion loss and crosstalk.- February 2020 - Prysmian Group has launched its 288-fiber ezMICRODUCT cable. With the use of 200-micron fiber, the cable has an outer diameter of only 8 mm. The cable's design includes 24 fibers per tube, making the fibers easier to identify and fit into standard splicing trays. The fiber cable will operate in the -40°F to 158°F temperature range.Reasons to Purchase this report:- The market estimate (ME) sheet in Excel format- 3 months of analyst supportRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p06028485/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001Load-Date: February 26, 2021End of Document

US distances itself from Trump attempts to ban WeChatAssociated Press Financial WireFebruary 11, 2021 Thursday 5:36 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 299 wordsByline: TALI ARBEL, AP Technology WriterBodyA day after it put a hold on a proposed ban of TikTok, the Biden administration is distancing itself from attempts by former President Donald Trump to ban the Chinese messaging app WeChat.The Commerce Department is reviewing recent actions, such as the rules undermining TikTok and WeChat, to ensure that efforts by the Trump administration to ban them based on claimed national-security threats were justified, according to a Thursday government filing in a suit by WeChat users challenging the ban.Courts have blocked Trump's attempted ban of WeChat from going into effect, saying it would affect affect the First Amendment rights of users.WeChat is a messaging app with other features like social media and payments that is dominant in China, where many American social media and messaging apps are banned. It is also popular with many Chinese speakers in the U.S., with millions of users, since it allows them to connect with friends, family and business contacts in China. It’s owned by Chinese tech giant Tencent.Within China, WeChat is censored and expected to adhere to content restrictions set by authorities. The Citizen Lab internet watchdog group, based in Toronto, has said WeChat monitors files and images shared abroad to aid its censorship in China.The Trump administration targeted WeChat and TikTok because of their Chinese ownership, saying that U.S. user data could be shared with the Chinese government. TikTok has denied it does or would do this. Tencent has said it incorporates the highest standards of user privacy and data security.The attempted bans were part of the administration's ratcheting up of tensions with China, which included a trade war, blocking mergers involving Chinese companies and stifling the business of Huawei, a maker of phones and telecom equipment.Load-Date: February 11, 2021End of Document

US distances itself from Trump attempts to ban WeChatAssociated Press InternationalFebruary 11, 2021 Thursday 5:36 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 299 wordsByline: TALI ARBEL, AP Technology WriterBodyA day after it put a hold on a proposed ban of TikTok, the Biden administration is distancing itself from attempts by former President Donald Trump to ban the Chinese messaging app WeChat.The Commerce Department is reviewing recent actions, such as the rules undermining TikTok and WeChat, to ensure that efforts by the Trump administration to ban them based on claimed national-security threats were justified, according to a Thursday government filing in a suit by WeChat users challenging the ban.Courts have blocked Trump's attempted ban of WeChat from going into effect, saying it would affect affect the First Amendment rights of users.WeChat is a messaging app with other features like social media and payments that is dominant in China, where many American social media and messaging apps are banned. It is also popular with many Chinese speakers in the U.S., with millions of users, since it allows them to connect with friends, family and business contacts in China. It’s owned by Chinese tech giant Tencent.Within China, WeChat is censored and expected to adhere to content restrictions set by authorities. The Citizen Lab internet watchdog group, based in Toronto, has said WeChat monitors files and images shared abroad to aid its censorship in China.The Trump administration targeted WeChat and TikTok because of their Chinese ownership, saying that U.S. user data could be shared with the Chinese government. TikTok has denied it does or would do this. Tencent has said it incorporates the highest standards of user privacy and data security.The attempted bans were part of the administration's ratcheting up of tensions with China, which included a trade war, blocking mergers involving Chinese companies and stifling the business of Huawei, a maker of phones and telecom equipment.Load-Date: February 11, 2021End of Document

ZK International's Subsidiary, Xsigma Secures an Industry Leader CEO for its Xsigma Trading Division, Getting Ready to Launch Its Crypto, Crypto Derivative and CFDs Trading Platform.PR NewswireMarch 25, 2021 Thursday 1:43 PM ESTCopyright 2021 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1220 wordsDateline: WENZHOU, China, March 25, 2021 BodyPR Newswire ZK International GroupCo., Ltd. (Nasdaq: ZKIN) ("ZKIN", "ZK International" or the "Company"), is pleased that, xSigma Corporation, a subsidiary of the Company and a blockchain R&D lab, announced that following its highly successful launch of xSigma DEX, in an effort to expeditiously develop and deploy its latest trading product xSigma Trader, the company has engaged and appointed Mr. Arpan Sood as the new CEO of xSigma Trader, a Crypto, Crypto Derivative and CFDs trading platform. The platform's website is now open to the community at:https://xsigma-trading.comMr. Sood has over 20 years of experience in the finance industry, during which he has served various leadership and management roles. His experience includes overseeing the development of new trading technologies, the development of research and analytical trading tools, managing trading operations and trading desks at numerous financial institutions, and trading various global financial products.The market for new derivative trading platform continues to heat up, indicating that the bitcoin-based derivatives markets have seen continuous transaction and growth. In the second quarter of 2020, TokenInsight calculated based on 42 exchanges that the trading volume of the cryptocurrency derivatives market was $2.159 trillion, with an increase of 2.57% from the previous quarter and a year-on-year increase of 165.56% from the second quarter of 2019.1Mr. Arpan Sood, CEO of xSigma Trader stated, "I am very excited to become a part of the xSigma team and help the firm in its efforts to redefine the crypto financial products space. I believe that with our unique business model and commitment to the crypto community we will pioneer the way and set the standards for the industry to follow."1 https://tokeninsight.com/report/1174?lang=en&title=2020-Q2-Cryptocurrency-Derivatives-Exchange-Industry-ReportAbout ZK International Group Co., Ltd.ZK International Group Co., Ltd. is a China-based designer, engineer, manufacturer and supplier of patented high-performance stainless steel and carbon steel pipe products that require sophisticated water or gas pipeline systems. The Company owns 28 patents, 21 trademarks, 2 Technical Achievement Awards, and 10 National and Industry Standard Awards.  ZK International is preparing to capitalize on the $850 Billion commitment made by the Chinese Government to improve the quality of water, which in its current supply state is 70% unfit for human contact.  ZK International is Quality Management System Certified (ISO9001), Environmental Management System Certified (ISO1401), and a National Industrial Stainless Steel Production Licensee that is focused on supplying steel piping for the multi-billion dollar industries of Gas and Water sectors.  ZK has supplied stainless steel pipelines for over 2,000 projects, which include the Beijing National Airport, the "Water Cube" and "Bird's Nest", which were venues for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.  Emphasizing superior properties and durability of its steel piping, ZK International is providing a solution for the delivery of high quality, highly sustainable, environmentally sound drinkable water to not only to the China market but to international markets such as Europe, East Asia and Southeast Asia.  For more information please visit http://www.ZKInternationalGroup.com. Additionally, please follow the Company on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and Weibo. For further information on the Company's SEC filings please visit http://www.sec.gov.About XSigma CorporationXSigma Corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZK International Group Co., Ltd. Together with ZK International, has launched xSigma as a research and development lab back in 2018 to solve real-world infrastructure challenges. Its mandate was to explore new opportunities in smart contracts, supply chain management and other blockchain-based solutions. XSigma has since pivoted to decentralized finance, focusing on decentralized exchanges, stablecoins and lending protocols. The research lab is now actively working on its ecosystem of products beginning with its DeFi protocol. The ultimate objective is to build a range of financial tools and products for the flourishing decentralized finance industry.  The xSigma team that are being assembled are on the leading edge of blockchain research and development that intersects decentralized finance, supply chain management, IoT, and infrastructure. The DeFi protocol is one of many decentralized finance projects xSigma plans to launch over the next 12 months. It will feed into a growing network of DeFi products for enterprise and consumer markets. Any blockchain protocol is subject to a degree of risk; xSigma's DeFi protocol has implemented tamper-resistant programming, but is still subject to potential hacks.For further information about xSigma, please visit its website at http://www.xsigma." http://www.xsigma.com  andhttp://www.xsigma.fi Safe Harbor Statement This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "estimate" or "continue" or the negative or other variations thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of ZK International.  Actual results may differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties, as well as other risk factors that are included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Although ZK International believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in forward-looking statements will be realized.  In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by ZK International or any other person that their objectives or plans will be achieved. ZK International does not undertake any obligation to revise the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Investor Contact:Sherry ZhengWeitian Group LLCEmail:shunyu.zheng@weitian-ir.comPhone: +1 718-213-7386 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zk-internationals-subsidiary-xsigma-secures-an-industry-leader-ceo-for-its-xsigma-trading-division-getting-ready-to-launch-its-crypto-crypto-derivative-and-cfds-trading-platform-301256248.htmlSOURCE ZK International Group Co., Ltd.Load-Date: March 25, 2021End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page  of White House National Security Advisor O'Brien Issues Statement on Executive Order Addressing Chinese Software Applications  Page 27 of 381China eradicates extreme poverty on eve of Communist Party centenary  Page 32 of 381[JOINT STATEMENT] HRC46 STATEMENT: NGO END OF SESSION  Page  of Market Chatter: China Takes Down 120 Apps Amid Crackdown on Data Gathering  Page 35 of 381Chinese Shares Rebound at Close; Anhui Huaqi, YJK Building Software Post Triple-Digit Gains on Shenzhen Debut  Page 37 of 381Market Chatter: China Orders Local Media to Censor Reporting of Alibaba Antitrust Investigation  Page  of Google commemorates the birth of Wu Lien-teh, the forerunner of the N95 mask  Page 40 of 381Who was Wu Lien-teh, the doctor Google remembers today with a special Doodle  Page 43 of 381CHINA COVERED UP PANDEMIC, CONTINUES CRACKDOWN ON COVID-19 'RUMORS'  Page 45 of 381US blacklists Xiaomi, CNOOC, Skyrizon, raising heat on China  Page 47 of 381US blacklists Xiaomi, CNOOC, Skyrizon, raising heat on China  Page 49 of 381China's dilemmas, an unpredictable market and Mercosur's largest customer  Page  of Chinese state newspaper leaves Jack Ma off the list of business leaders  Page 52 of 381Trump seeks to ban eight Chinese apps in the US, including WeChat Pay  Page 54 of 381China Cracks Down on Fake Divorces That Let People Buy More Properties  Page 56 of 381The global smart manufacturing market was valued at USD 194.63 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach USD 314.39 billion by 2026 and grow at a CAGR of 8.4% ov....  Page 58 of 381ALG TO BIDEN: STAND UP FOR AMERICAN JOBS  Page 60 of 381WHO Experts Leave Wuhan Quarantine To Start Coronavirus Probe  Page  of Tomorrow's prisons are in thought. China has blocked access to the Clubhouse social network  Page 63 of 381Nike Under Pressure  Page 65 of 381Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreak  Page 67 of 381CHINA'S RICHEST MAN MAKES FIRST PUBLIC APPEARANCE SINCE OCTOBER  Page 70 of 381World Scientific Publishing: A New Foundation Toward Achieving the Next Generation of Artificial Intelligence  Page 74 of 381Jack Ma's Ant Group was the next big thing. Now it may become just a boring bank  Page 76 of 381Bolsonaro announces deal with China to receive inputs to make vaccines  Page 78 of 381Sen. Rubio to Twitter: Explain Content Moderation Process  Page 80 of 381Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreak  Page 82 of 381Decadent Humanity  Page  of Johnson calls traditional Chinese medicine "insmente"  Page  of STATEMENT FROM NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR ROBERT C. O'BRIEN ON THE EXECUTIVE ORDER ADDRESSING CHINESE SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS  Page  of STATEMENT FROM NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR ROBERT C. O'BRIEN ON THE EXECUTIVE ORDER ADDRESSING CHINESE SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS  Page  of US trade representative recommends Biden not withdraw tariffs on China  Page 88 of 381Air Purifier Sales Show Slow Growth in China Despite Pandemic  Page 90 of 381RUBIO TO TWITTER: EXPLAIN CONTENT MODERATION PROCESS  Page  of Finland identifies hackers who spied on Parliament  Page  of Market Chatter: Ant Group Said to Yield to Chinese Pressure to Become Financial Holding Company  Page 94 of 381Takeaways: AP investigation of China COVID-19 disinformation  Page 96 of 381Takeaways: AP investigation of China COVID-19 disinformation  Page 98 of 381City Surveillance Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2020 - 2025); The global city surveillance market is expected to register a CAGR of 5....  Page  of Ant Group reaches agreement with Chinese authorities and IPO may come out in 2 years  Page 101 of 381Two films about Wuhan arrive for the anniversary of the outbreak  Page 105 of 381Global High Density Packaging Market (2021 to 2026) - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page 117 of 381A tornado touches down in Florida and damages an airport; Jack Ma restructures Ant Group after disappearance; Former Google CEO Schmidt says China is surging to....  Page 220 of 381Teradyne Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Results  Page 222 of 381How could China control the pandemic?  Page 242 of 381Stock Weekly: American CryoStem (CRYO:68.0c) falls for a fourth consecutive week, a four-week fall of 28%  Page 245 of 381Dow Jones Today, Stocks Rally Toward Biden Inauguration; Netflix Boosts Disney; China Stocks Rally As Jack Ma Returns  Page  of Donald Trump bans transactions with Chinese apps  Page 248 of 381Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grant  Page 250 of 381Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grant  Page 252 of 381NATO. - NATO points to Russia and China and warns that they "try to rewrite the rules" to their advantage  Page 255 of 381Global Toys Market (2021 to 2027) - by Product Type, Age Group, Sales Channel and Region - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page 259 of 381Post-Covid-19 globalization  Page 261 of 381Sinovac Files for Conditional Market Authorization of COVID-19 Vaccine in China  Page 264 of 381'Mega' hacking against Microsoft affects at least 60,000 customers worldwide  Page 267 of 381Rosenworcel Statement: FCC Seeks Comment on Open Radio Access Networks  Page 269 of 381Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grant  Page 271 of 381Former UF professor charged with fraud in $1.8M grant  Page 273 of 381China's Huawei backtracks after filing for patent to identify Uyghur faces  Page 276 of 381Rosenworcel Statement: FCC Seeks Comment on Open Radio Access Networks  Page 293 of 381LIZHI INC. Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Unaudited Financial Results  Page 296 of 381High Speed Connector Industry in Asia Pacific to 2027 - Surging Developments in Network Services Presents Opportunities  Page  of USA blacklists Xiaomi and other Chinese companies  Page  of USA blacklists Xiaomi and other Chinese companies  Page 300 of 381After nearly three months of mystery, Chinese billionaire Jack Ma reappeared  Page 302 of 381Rights groups and Olympic leaders in Beijing Games stalemate  Page 304 of 381Machines that learn: The origin story of artificial intelligence; AI may have had a slow start, but companies like Google and Facebook are pursuing it like a mo....  Page 306 of 381Why Analysts See More Upside To Baidu Stock Over The 200% Surge In Past Year  Page 308 of 381Frank Biden's actions already testing Joe Biden's ethics claims  Page 310 of 381Frank Biden's actions already testing Joe Biden's ethics claims  Page 312 of 381Chinese regime prevents talk of Covid-19 with WHO researchers  Page 314 of 381Sinovac vaccine to begin to be applied from this Saturday, confirmed Marcelo Ebrard  Page 316 of 381Wuhan's photography  Page 318 of 381Biden curbs plan to force sale of TikTok in U.S.  Page 320 of 381CasperLabs to Join China's BSN as a Blockchain Partner; The partnership will introduce BSN's global developer network to Casper's future-proof blockchain  Page 322 of 381The origin of covid-19, an unsolved mystery in the midst of the crisis  Page 325 of 381CHINA DAILY: SPIRIT OF SHARED ENDEAVOR  Page 327 of 381Clubhouse "can become an easy target for cybercriminals"  Page 329 of 381MURPHY, BLUMENTHAL SCOTT REINTRODUCE AMERICAN SECURITY DRONE ACT  Page 331 of 381SEN. RICK SCOTT REINTRODUCES AMERICAN SECURITY DRONE ACT  Page 333 of 381Sen. Scott Reintroduces American Security Drone Act  Page 335 of 381Sens. Murphy, Blumenthal Scott Reintroduce American Security Drone Act  Page  of Tactical Rabbit Illuminates National Security Issue Inside the U.S.  Page 339 of 381Cable Connector Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026); The cable connector market is expected to register a CAGR of 5. 94% durin....  Page 346 of 381Alliance for Safe Online Pharmacies Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative Notice  Page 354 of 381House Homeland Security Committee Issues Testimony From Cyber Threat Alliance President Daniel  Page  of China donates 14 respirators and 53,000 COVID-19 tests to Bolivia  Page 358 of 381Mechanical engineering professor Gang Chen arrested on grant fraud charge  Page 361 of 381Institute for Energy Research: Auto Manufacturers Are Putting Profits Into Electric Vehicles That Consumers May Not Want  Page 363 of 381Acacia Communications Scraps $2.6 Billion Takeover Deal by Cisco Systems Over Chinese Regulatory Approval  Page 365 of 381Right Wing Extremism and The Epoch Times in Atlantic Canada  Page 367 of 381Huawei has revenue sway outside China after offside to run apps  Page 369 of 381We're Adding Alibaba to Our Bullpen  Page 371 of 381In their first face-to-face meeting of the Biden era, the U.S. and China crossed hard with mutual reproach  Page  of GB withdraws transmission license to China TV channel  Page  of China: detect coronavirus in ice cream  Page 376 of 381Cable Connector Market - Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and Forecasts (2021 - 2026); The cable connector market is expected to register a CAGR of 5. 94% durin....  Page  of US distances itself from Trump attempts to ban WeChat  Page  of US distances itself from Trump attempts to ban WeChat  Page 381 of 381ZK International's Subsidiary, Xsigma Secures an Industry Leader CEO for its Xsigma Trading Division, Getting Ready to Launch Its Crypto, Crypto Derivative and ....  