Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 2:37:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142630009Documents (79)1. AI Infrastructure Market 2021-2027 Potential Growth, Current Trends And Future Aspect Analysis | Top Companies - Intel, NVIDIA, IBM, Google, Microsoft, Amazon Web Services, and Dell - The CourierClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20212. Pimco is positioned in 'Cycle 2.0': robotics, electrification, renewable energy and semiconductorsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20213. Asian stock markets close without a single signal, with Alibaba standing out in Hong KongClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20214. The Fifth Sino-U.S. Cultural Industry Summit Was Held in Macau;Chinese and American film producers, directors and scholars discussed the future of world film under this Pandemic.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20215. Harris speaks with Trudeau in first foreign leader callClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20216. Significance Of Having A Protected VPN Services in CanadaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20217. U.S. leads race in artificial intelligence developmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20218. U.S. leads race in artificial intelligence developmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20219. Global Smartphone Production Expected to Reach 1.36 Billion Units in 2021 as Huawei Drops Out of Top-Six Ranking, Says TrendForceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202110. Tik Tok ban and other Chinese apps continue in IndiaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202111. Internet giants grow out of controlClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202112. Global Drone Analytics Market (2020 to 2025) - Growth, Trends, and Forecast - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202113. News RoundUpClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202114. European Industry for Audio Products to 2027 - Expansion of Online Sales Channels Presents OpportunitiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202115. Europe Audio Products Market (2020 to 2027) - by Type, Technology, and Distribution Channel - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202116. Outlook on the Audio Products European Market to 2027 - Key Opportunity Analysis and Industry ForecastClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202117. Podcast deals with the effects of Brazilian foreign policy on the acquisition of vaccinesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202118. $9 Billion Worldwide Conveyor Systems Industry to 2025 - Impact of COVID-19 on the MarketClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202119. Insights on the Conveyor Systems Global Market to 2025 - Featuring Caterpillar, Daifuku and Dematic Among OthersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202120. Worldwide Drone Analytics Industry to 2025 - Asia-Pacific to Experience the Highest GrowthClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202121. Monday March 15, 2021 XPeng (XPEV:$35.37) increasesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202122. Global Conveyor Systems Industry (2020 to 2025) - Need for Secure Environment in Industries Drives Large Scale Installation of Conveyor Systems - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202123. Alibaba and Tencent go public after report that the Trump administration will blacklist them for investorsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202124. ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Announces its ETF-like Decentralized Fund and PlatformClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202125. Acacia Says It’s Ending $2.6 Billion Merger Deal With CiscoClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202126. Joe Biden renews support for WHO, which Donald Trump had withdrawnClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202127. Should Big Tech Be Treated As State Actors? This CEO Thinks SoClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202128. ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Releases the Whitepaper for its DeFi ProtocolClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202129. Biscay: Increase in contagions was due to the reopening of the economy at 100%Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202130. Hong Kong police arrest nearly 50 activists and politiciansClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202131. General AFP forecasts for 12H00 GMTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202132. ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Gets Commitments from Institutional Investors for its DeFi project, while Bitcoin reaches an All-Time-High price of $34,000Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202133. US blacklists Xiaomi and tech stocks fallClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202134. Marcelo Ebrard appreciates the work of Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs Julian VenturaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202135. University of Pennsylvania: Why the Semiconductor Shortage Won't End SoonClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202136. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202137. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202138. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202139. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202140. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202141. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202142. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202143. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202144. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202145. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202146. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202147. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202148. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202149. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202150. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202151. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202152. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202153. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202154. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202155. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202156. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202157. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202158. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202159. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202160. Briefing.com: Tech StocksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202161. HONG KONG POLICE ARREST 11 IN PRO-DEMOCRACY ACTIVISTS' ESCAPE ATTEMPTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202162. Orange Juice: Mexico, country 13 in the world in vaccine administrationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202163. Moore Law and PobrismClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202164. Bay Street Seen Opening LowerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202165. Bay Street Seen Opening LowerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202166. WHY THE SEMICONDUCTOR SHORTAGE WON'T END SOONClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202167. Crude Oil Futures Settle Sharply Lower On Demand ConcernsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202168. Crude Oil Futures Settle Sharply Lower On Demand ConcernsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202169. Oil Prices Tumble On Demand WorriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202170. Oil Prices Tumble On Demand WorriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202171. Market Chatter: Huawei Unveils Biggest Overseas Flagship Store in Saudi ArabiaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202172. The two pandemicsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202173. Tiktok announces closure of business in IndiaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202174. Apple Stock, Chipotle Headline 5 Top Stocks Flashing Buy SignalsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202175. U.S. Stocks May Move Back To The Upside After Last Week's PullbackClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202176. U.S. Stocks May Move Back To The Upside After Last Week's PullbackClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202177. Asian Shares Rise Ahead Of Yellen TestimonyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202178. Asian Shares Rise Ahead Of Yellen TestimonyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202179. The abominable tricks of organized crime to take advantage of people's desperation for COVID-19Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 2021

AI Infrastructure Market 2021-2027 Potential Growth, Current Trends And Future Aspect Analysis | Top Companies - Intel, NVIDIA, IBM, Google, Microsoft, Amazon Web Services, and Dell - The CourierThe Courier: Monmouth UniversityJanuary 13, 2021 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 2623 wordsBodyLatest added AI Infrastructure Market research study by MarketDigits offers detailed product outlook and elaborates market review till 2026. The market Study is segmented by key regions that is accelerating the marketization. At present, the market is sharping its presence and some of the key players in the study areIntel, NVIDIA, IBM, Samsung Electronics, Google, Microsoft, Micron Technology, Amazon Web Services, CISCO, and Dell. The study is a perfect mix of qualitative and quantitative Market data collected and validated majorly through primary data and secondary sources.This report studies the AI Infrastructure Market size, industry status and forecast, competition landscape and growth opportunity. This research report categorizes the AI Infrastructure Market by companies, region, type and end-use industry.Request for Sample Copy of This Report @ https://marketdigits.com/ai-infrastructure-market/sample/Scroll down 100s of data Tables, charts and graphs spread through Pages and in-depth Table of Content on "AI Infrastructure Market, By Offering (Hardware, Software), By Deployment Mode (On-premise, Cloud Based, Hybrid), Technology (Machine learning, Deep learning), End-user and Geography - Global Forecast to 2026". Early buyers will get 10% customization on study.To Avail deep insights of AI Infrastructure Market Size, competition landscape is provided i.e. Revenue Analysis (M $US) by Company (2018-2020), Segment Revenue Market Share (%) by Players (2018-2020) and further a qualitative analysis is made towards market concentration rate, product/service differences, new entrants and the technological trends in future.Unlock new opportunities in AI Infrastructure Market; the latest release from MarketDigits highlights the key market trends significant to the growth prospects, Let us know if any specific players or list of players needs to consider to gain better insights.Purchase Full Report @ https://marketdigits.com/ai-infrastructure-market/buy/The AI infrastructure market size is projected to reach USD 63.7 Billion by 2026, from USD 16.5 Billion in 2020 growing at a CAGR of 25.2% during 2021-2026. Major factors driving the market for AI infrastructure include increasing adoption of cloud machine learning platform, escalating demand for AI hardware in high-performance computing data centers, rising focus on parallel computing in AI data centers, growing volume of data generated in industries such as automotive and healthcare, improving computing power and declining hardware cost, growing number of cross-industry partnerships and collaborations, and expanding AI applications in industries such as healthcare, automotive, finance, and tourism. The markets in North America and Europe is one of the key factors restraining the growth of the AI infrastructure market.AI Infrastructure Market for Deep Learning Technology is Estimated to Grow at Higher CAGR During Forecast PeriodAI infrastructure for deep learning technology enables a machine to build a hierarchical representation. For instance, the first layer of the captured image could scan for simple edges, followed by a layer that collects edge-forming shapes (such as rectangle or circle). The final layer could identify machine parts. After scanning several layers to identify the required data, the neural network can collate the features into an algorithm that can recognize the overall image. The growing adoption of robots, cybersecurity applications, IoT, industrial automation, and machine vision technology has created a large volume of data. This data serves as a training module in deep learning technology, which helps in testing and diagnosis processes. Deep learning technology helps to manage data consistently. The deep learning platform learns from different sources and creates a consolidated data environment. Moreover, this platform reduces the workload of end-user industries such as semiconductor and electronics, energy & power, pharmaceuticals, automotive, heavy metals and machine manufacturing, and food & beverages. The extensive use of big data, industrial IoT (IIoT), and robotics is fueling the growth of the AI infrastructure market for deep learning technology.AI Infrastructure Market for Cloud Service Providers in APAC is Estimated to Grow at Highest CAGR During Forecast PeriodCloud service providers (CSPs) offer network services, infrastructure, or business applications in the cloud to various companies from industries such as automotive, healthcare, retail, and manufacturing.  The cloud mainly addresses 3 areas of operations: software-as-a-service (SaaS), infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS), and platform-as-a-service (PaaS). The number of data center providers and cloud companies is likely to increase owing to the high efficiency and economies of scale offered by cloud computing. Cloud service providers offer services to several customers from a common shared infrastructure (i.e., equipment for operations, networking, data storage, and hardware) and help companies to save their IT infrastructure cost.China Is Expected to Grow at Highest CAGR in AI Infrastructure Market During Forecast PeriodThe AI infrastructure market in China is growing rapidly. As multinational and domestic enterprises increasingly transit to cloud services providers (CSPs) and colocation solutions, the AI data center growth in China continues to evolve. The demand for AI data centers in the country has exceeded the available supply as organizations seek enhanced connectivity and scalable solutions for their growing businesses. Investments by the Chinese government for stimulating technological developments have led to an increase in the adoption of cloud-based services such as Big Data Analytics and Internet of Things (IoT). Various government reforms, such as the establishment of free trade in Shanghai, are attracting international investors. The growing demand for high-density, redundant facilities is triggering a shift in the design and development of the country's data centers.North America is Projected to Hold Largest Market Share During Forecast PeriodAt present, North America accounts for the largest share of the global AI infrastructure market, and a similar trend is likely to continue in the near future. The US and Canada are expected to adopt AI-based servers at a high rate. These countries are technologically developed economies in North America because of their strong focus on investing in R&D activities for the development of new technologies. The North American AI infrastructure is further segmented into the US, Canada, and Mexico. The US is one of the major contributors to the North American AI market. The US is one of the leading countries in the world to adopt AI technology. In addition, the presence of prominent AI technology providers in the country, such as IBM, Google, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Intel, Facebook, MetaMind, Tute Genomics, and Amazon.com, is boosting the growth of the AI infrastructure market in this region.Key Market PlayersKey players operating in the AI infrastructure market are Intel Corporation , NVIDIA Corporation , IBM , Samsung Electronics (South Korea), Google , Microsoft , Micron Technology , Amazon Web Services , CISCO , Oracle , ARM , Xilinx , Advanced Micro Devices , Dell , HPE , Habana Labs (Israel), and Synopsys Inc. .Intel CorporationIntel is a leading designer and manufacturer of advanced integrated digital technology platforms. The company has robust market presence, especially in the PC and data center market, and invests significantly in R&D, which has resulted in its strong position in the AI infrastructure market. In the past 2 years, Intel significantly adopted inorganic strategies such as acquisitions and partnerships. The acquisition of companies such as Saffron Technology, Altera, Nervana Systems, Movidius, and Mobileye has further improved its AI product portfolio. Moreover, Intel's partnership with AI software solution and service providers, such as C3 IoT, Inc., JianPei Tech Ltd., and Mphasis, is expected to remain a vital growth strategy of the company in the coming years as these solutions will lead to mainstream AI adoption that will drive improvements in efficiency, responsiveness, and personalization.NVIDIA CorporationNVIDIA has 2 reportable segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The GPU segment provides products under several brands, including GeForce, Quadro, GeForce NOW, Quadro, Tesla, and GRID. GeForce is used for visual computing in PC gaming. Quadro is used for computer-aided design, video editing, and other applications. GeForce NOW is for cloud-based game-streaming service. Quadro is for designers in the field of computer-aided design, special effects, video editing, and other applications. Tesla is designed to meet deep learning and accelerated computing applications, and GRID is used to power NVIDIA graphics through the cloud and data centers. The company has significantly invested in R&D; for instance, it increased its investment from USD 1.33 billion in 2017 to USD 1.80 billion in 2018. Since its inception, it has made a total R&D investment of over USD 15 billion. Moreover, it has more than 7,300 patents with inventions pertaining to modern computing. This has resulted in its strong organic growth and robust market position in terms of hardware product development in the AI market.Samsung Electronics (South Korea)Samsung has been a leader in the memory segment with product offerings such as dynamic random-access memory , NAND flash solutions, and advanced solid-state drive products. DRAM solutions include components and modules for PC, server, and mobile applications. Samsung offers a broad portfolio of high-performance, high-density NAND flash solutions combined with its preceding controller technologies that encompass embedded and non-embedded memory storage solutions, as well as SSDs that can be used as data storage devices for PCs and enterprise systems. Samsung's advanced SSD products offer the next-generation storage solutions that overcome the shortcomings of conventional hard disk drives, suggest attractive alternatives for server applications, and improve the stability and performance of systems in which they are used.Based on Offering, the AI infrastructure market has been segmented as follows:• Hardware• Processor• CPU• GPU• FPGA• ASIC• Memory• Storage• Networking• Server SoftwareBased on Technology, the AI infrastructure market has been segmented as follows:• Machine learning• Deep learningBased on Function, the AI infrastructure market has been segmented as follows:• Training• InferenceBased on Deployment type, the AI infrastructure market has been segmented as follows:• On-premises• Cloud• HybridBased on End-user, the AI infrastructure market has been segmented as follows:• Enterprises• Government organizations• Cloud service providersBased on Region, the AI infrastructure market has been segmented as follows:• North America• Europe• Asia Pacific• Rest of the WorldRecent Developments• In February 2019, IBM launched a new portfolio of IoT solutions that team AI and advanced analytics to help asset-intensive organizations, such as the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority , to improve maintenance strategies. The solution is designed to help organizations to lower costs and reduce the risk of failure from physical assets such as vehicles, manufacturing robots, turbines, mining equipment, elevators, and electrical transformers.• In April 2019, AMD and HOSTKEY (Moscow), an equipment leasing and reliable cloud solution provider, announced the release of AMD EPYC processor-based servers across HOSTKEY's infrastructure. The deployment of AMD EPYC CPUs offers differentiated features, such as core-count, connectivity, and memory bandwidth, to HOSTKEY customers running virtualized environments and high-performance computing workloads.• In October 2018, Xilinx launched Alveo, a portfolio of powerful accelerator cards designed to dramatically increase performance in industry-standard servers across cloud and on-premise data centers. With Alveo, customers can expect breakthrough performance improvement at low latency when running critical data center applications such as real-time machine learning inference, video processing, genomics, and data analytics.• In March 2019, Micron Technology launched the portfolio of Micron 2200 PCIe NVMe SSDs. These drives are available in capacities ranging from 256 GB through 1 TB in an M.2 22×80 mm form factor. This portfolio of SSDs brings increased bandwidth and reduced latency to client computing markets by addressing growing needs across original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and other clients.Key Questions Addressed by the Report• Where will all these developments take the industry in the mid to long term?• What will be the upcoming industries for AI infrastructure?• What are the drivers, challenges, and restraints impacting the AI infrastructure market growth?• Which hardware components and software solutions are expected to be used widely to build AI infrastructure in the mid to long term?• Which region is expected to witness significant demand for AI infrastructure?Latest published market study on Global AI Infrastructure Market Size, Share & Industry Report with Pie Chart, data Tables, high level qualitative chapters & Graphs is available now to provide complete assessment of the Market highlighting evolving trends, Measures taken up by players, current-to-future scenario analysis & growth factors validated with Viewpoints extracted via Industry experts and Consultants. AI Infrastructure market research report has been produced by including highly developed insight and analysis which furnishes maximum benefits to the industry. This market report makes use of most modern tools & techniques for collecting, researching, analyzing and estimating market data. The AI Infrastructure report brings into light key industry trends, market size, market share estimates, and sales volume that assist industry to speculate the strategies to enhance return on investment .Table of Contents-Snapshot- Executive SummaryChapter 1 Industry OverviewChapter 2 Industry Competition by ManufacturersChapter 3 Industry Production Market Share by RegionsChapter 4 Industry Consumption by RegionsChapter 5 Industry Production, Revenue, Price Trend by TypeChapter 6 Industry Analysis by ApplicationsChapter 7 Company Profiles and Key Figures in Industry BusinessChapter 8 Industry Manufacturing Cost AnalysisChapter 9 Marketing Channel, Distributors and CustomersChapter 10 Market DynamicsChapter 11 Industry ForecastChapter 12 Research Findings and ConclusionChapter 13 Methodology and Data SourceAny Questions? Inquire Here Before Buying @ https://marketdigits.com/ai-infrastructure-market/analyst/About MarketDigits:MarketDigits is one of the leading business research and consulting companies that helps clients to tap new and emerging opportunities and revenue areas, thereby assisting them in operational and strategic decision-making. We at MarketDigits believe that market is a small place and an interface between the supplier and the consumer, thus our focus remains mainly on business research that includes the entire value chain and not only the markets.We offer services that are most relevant and beneficial to the users, which help businesses to sustain in this competitive market. Our detailed and in-depth analysis of the markets catering to strategic, tactical, and operational data analysis & reporting needs of various industries utilize advanced technology so that our clients get better insights into the markets and identify lucrative opportunities and areas of incremental revenues.Contact Us :MarketDigitsPhone : +91-9822485644Email : sales@marketdigits.comLoad-Date: January 13, 2021End of Document

Pimco is positioned in 'Cycle 2.0': robotics, electrification, renewable energy and semiconductorsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 3, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 734 wordsBodyPimco, the world's largest fixed income investor, has presented its economic outlook for 2021 and the investment strategy it will carry out, in line with these outlooks. The manager brings to light a new approach to the cyclical sector, which she has called 'Cycle 2.0', which includes sectors such as robotics, electrification, renewable energy and semiconductors.Geraldine Sundstrom, Pimco's fund manager, highlights the firm's good macro outlook for 2021. "There's reason to smile," he says. "It is true that there is short-term uncertainty, especially in Europe with the return of the pandemic, and in some areas where vaccinations are developing slowly, but we look at 2021 as the year of recovery, especially in the second half," Sundstrom explains. This context of economic growth recovery, however, would still take some time to move to inflation in the world's major economies. "It's true that there's a lot of liquidity, but we think inflation is going to take more time to grow, and certainly beyond 2021," she says. This will allow "central bank support" to be maintained, which qualifies as "good news," as they "will continue to buy assets by 2021" and, especially in Europe, believe that central bank support will "be further extended."At the same time, and similar to monetary policy, the manager hopes that fiscal policy will continue to be a support leg for the economy and markets in 2021. "We continue to see generous fiscal policies in 2021, not at the level of 2020, but many of these measures come somewhat late, such as Europe's recovery package," Sundstrom explains.  The main risksWhile the context is positive and the outlook remains good, the 2021 scenario is not without certain dangers that could materialize, and affect recovery. "The first is fiscal fatigue. Governments, in the face of the rebound in expected growth, could reduce tax support too quickly," Sundstrom explains.The second risk to growth is similar: "There is a possibility that China will perform too strong a tightening of its policies. It has good growth prospects and has already done so by 2020, and we could see the Chinese government withdraw support faster than expected," she says.Third, the great danger to the recovery scenario is the possibility that "as economies reopen and the dust that has been generated is dissipated, we will have to see what damage has occurred and how fiscal support for small businesses has worked," Sundstrom explains.Investment implicationsPimco fits its investment strategy with these perspectives by focusing on what the 'Cycle 2.0' sectors have called, a new approach to industries that will be more closely glued to the economic growth of the future, and which will focus on four specific segments. "Robotics and automation; electrification and electric vehicles; renewable energy and semiconductors," Sundstrom says."As active managers it is important for us to choose the companies in which we continue to see potential, in a context where markets have already largely put the good prospects priced for 2021," she says."Traditional cyclical sectors expect them to do well as recovery occurs, but when we look in more detail, you need to choose companies that have the clearest future," sundstrom says. "Geographically speaking, these mean that we overlay the US, but also Asia, with Japan and countriesChina, Korea and Taiwan, which are well positioned for a cyclical and digital recovery," he recalls."There are some sectors that are going to have very strong growth in the coming years," Sundstrom explains, highlighting how "the recovery in this cycle is going to be green and digital, with the weather at the center. We have to reinvent transport, energy, packaging, some parts of the health sector... and there are some sectors of the economy that are going to grow very fast," he says."Recovery in this cycle is going to be green and digital, with the weather in the center"In fixed income, Pimco is now constructive with corporate credit, but, as in equities, they consider it necessary to "be very selective, in sectors and emissions, since we consider that the market as a whole is at its fair price", it warns.To protect portfolios from a possible uptick in inflation, even if it's not their base scenario, they recommend gaining some exposure to "inflation-protected U.S. bonds," known as TIPS.commentsforum0WhatsApp  Facebook  Twitter  Linkedin       Load-Date: February 4, 2021End of Document

Asian stock markets close without a single signal, with Alibaba standing out in Hong KongCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 20, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 340 wordsBodyAsia's major stock markets had no single signal, with Tokyo down but gains in Shanghai. In Hong Kong, Alibaba's stock stood out after the company's founder, Jack Ma, made his first public appearance in three months. In China, the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed up 0.47%, at 3,853.09 points, and shenzhen's smaller stock market rose 1.43 percent to 2,524.73 points.In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index gained 1.08%, to 29,962.47 points, with Alibaba's paper up 8.5%, at a two-month high. The company's action benefited after Jack Ma's first public appearance in three months, in a video appearance at a philanthropic event. The fact that it went public was interpreted by investors as a sign that there are minor risks to the company, the target of recent beijing investigations into the technology sector. Chinese regulators turned against Alibaba after Jack Ma gave a critical speech to the Chinese government in late October.On the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Nikkei index closed down 0.38%, at 28,523.26 points. Actions related to e-commerce and transportation were among the biggest falls. Of the first sector mentioned, MonotaRO retreated 3.7%, while railway operator Keio fell 3.9%. The Japanese stock market was also pressured by the persistence of a high number of deaths this local winter by covid-19.In South Korea, the Kospi index ended up 0.71% in Seoul at 3,114.55 points. Shares in the electronics and automakers sector stood out, and sentiment was supported by the prospect of more fiscal stimulus in the U.S., with the inauguration on Wednesday of President-elect Joe Biden. LG Electronics rose 13%, after South Korean media reported that it plans to restructure its smartphone business. Samsung Electronics advanced 0.2%. In Taiwan, the Taiex index was down 0.45%, at 15,806.18 points.In Oceania, the S&P;/ASX 200 index closed up 0.41 per cent at 6,770.40 points on the Sydney Stock Exchange. Technology, energy and industry stocks offset bank losses in the Australian trading session. (With information from Dow Jones Newswires).Load-Date: January 21, 2021End of Document

The Fifth Sino-U.S. Cultural Industry Summit Was Held in Macau; Chinese and American film producers, directors and scholars discussed the future of world film under this Pandemic.Business WireJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 11:51 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 490 wordsDateline: MACAU BodyOn December 28, 2020, the fifth Sino-U.S. Cultural Industry Summit was held at MGM Cotai, Macau, China. The theme of this summit is "The Future of the Sino-U.S. Film Industry under this Pandemic." There were three panels: "The Future of the Global Film Industry under this Pandemic," "The Future of China-U.S. Co-production Films under the Current Trade War," and "What kind of role does Chinese film play in the global film industry after the Pandemic?" The American panelists talked with Chinese panelists online. This cultural industry summit was hosted by GTMG and Aollywood Producers Association, and co-organized by Lotus TV, Macau Daily and MGM.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210108005582/en/In the first panel "The Future of the Global Film Industry under this Pandemic," the panelists: Stanley Rosen, Professor of Political Science and International Relations at USC; Andre Morgan, Oscar producer; Yang Buting, Chairman of China Film Promotion International; Li Jian, chairman and CEO of Perfect World Pictures; Sherwood Hu, famous director. (Photo: Business Wire)In the first panel, Stanley Rosen, Professor of Political Science and International Relations at USC, believed that "After the epidemic, the influence of Hollywood blockbusters in China has weakened, but the influence of Chinese local movies has been increasing in the Chinese market."Yang Buting, Chairman of China Film Promotion International, mainly explained his views from two aspects: first, film is a combination of art and technology; second, the pandemic has accelerated the change of marketing and distribution, and streaming media became the mainstream of watching movies.Oscar producer Andre Morgan said that "The Chinese film industry is still very healthy even under this pandemic."Li Jian, chairman and CEO of Perfect World Pictures, believed that "The pandemic has increased the attractiveness of streaming media. The traditional film production companies should think about building their own online channels and the new distribution ways."The famous director Sherwood Hu stated that "Even the way of watching film has been changing. Filmmakers still need to focus on how to tell a good story. This story is not only about China, but also about all human beings."About the Sino-US Cultural Industry Summit:Founded in 2016, the Sino-U.S. Cultural Industry Summit is a non-profit organization that promotes culture, film, art, travel, trade, cuisine and investor relations between China and the U.S. It co-operates with relevant departments of the Chinese and U.S. governments, enterprises, and communities to engage in cultural and economic activities. The annual Sino-U.S. Cultural Industry Summit effectively builds a bridge to propel relations between Chinese and Americans.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210108005582/en/CONTACT: GTMGPR Manager: Sofia DingE: sofiading@gtmg1996.comhttp://www.businesswire.comGraphic In the first panel "The Future of the Global Film Industry under this Pandemic," the panelists: Stanley Rosen, Professor of Political Science and International Relations at USC; Andre Morgan, Oscar producer; Yang Buting, Chairman of China Film Promotion International; Li Jian, chairman and CEO of Perfect World Pictures; Sherwood Hu, famous director. (Photo: Business Wire)Load-Date: January 8, 2021End of Document

Harris speaks with Trudeau in first foreign leader callAssociated Press InternationalFebruary 2, 2021 Tuesday 1:14 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICAL NEWSLength: 453 wordsByline: ALEXANDRA JAFFE, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) — Vice President Kamala Harris spoke with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Monday, marking her first call to a foreign leader since entering the White House.During the call, Harris offered assurances that the Biden administration would “do everything it can” to secure the release of two Canadian citizens detained by China, according to a readout from the White House.Beijing imprisoned Canadians Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor in apparent retaliation for Canada's arrest of Huawei executive Meng Wanzhou in 2018 on a United States warrant. The U.S. wants her extradited to face fraud charges.Her arrest infuriated Beijing, and the Chinese government has made moves to punish Canada since then, including banning imports of some Canadian goods.The detained Canadians are a top priority for Trudeau, and Canada has pushed Washington to apply pressure on Beijing to release them.A senior official familiar with the call said Harris proactively brought up the two detained Canadians herself — something that was appreciated by Trudeau and Canadian officials. The official was not authorized to speak publicly about the call and spoke on condition of anonymity.The two also discussed Canada’s contact tracing smartphone app that notifies Canadians of exposure to the new coronavirus. The app is voluntary and that if someone tests positive, other users who have the app and have been in proximity will are alerted they’ve been exposed to someone who has tested positive.According to a readout from Trudeau’s office, Harris “recalled fondly” her years as a high school student in Montreal, and the two also discussed trade policies between the nations and “avoiding the unintended consequences of Buy America policies.” President Joe Biden signed an executive order last week focused on strengthening compliance with laws requiring the federal government to use domestic materials and products.Neither readout mentions the disagreement between the two nations surrounding the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. Biden signed an executive order revoking a permit for the pipeline, which carries oil from Canada to the U.S. but has faced fierce opposition from climate change activists and Indigenous advocacy groups.But Trudeau’s office notes that they spoke about a planned meeting between the two leaders set for this month. Canada has traditionally been the first foreign stop for new U.S. presidents, and Biden's first call to a foreign leader was to Trudeau, made the Friday after he was sworn in.It's unclear whether the two will meet in person or whether the coronavirus pandemic will force them to meet virtually.___Associated Press writer Rob Gillies in Toronto contributed to this report.Load-Date: February 1, 2021End of Document

Significance Of Having A Protected VPN Services in CanadaThe Cowley Press: Cowley County Community CollegeFebruary 2, 2021 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 432 wordsBodyWhether or not you are at home, all over town, or in the working environment, admittance to a virtual private framework is something wonderful to have. Keep those sneaking around ISP and government eyes off of your web meetings. Whether or not you essentially wish to be related with as secure a framework as possible while using Wi-Fi benefits so you can lead your budgetary trades and diverse business tasks settled, it merits placing assets into a VPN organization. However much nobody seizes the opportunity to leave it alone known, the actual web is naturally precarious. There should reliably be extra wellbeing estimates taken at whatever guide significant toward ensure 100% security and confirmation while using the web. Undoubtedly, even switches themselves can be hacked or sullied with some sort of contamination.In the event that you are clueless of how abest vpn canada, a direct technique to put it would be that it engages the customer to get and send data while remaining secretive and secure on the web. You can pick a worker from another piece of the country - or even the world and partner with it without being truly present. If you are cooperating in China, for instance, and need to connect with US objections that are precluded by the Chinese government, a VPN organization will allow you to do thusly. Those drew in with P2P sharing much of the time use VPN sorts out so they can't be followed. If you actually use downpour programs, by then this is the best methodology for staying secure and obscure. Virtual private frameworks are central for associations as well especially organizations and attempts. Such an organization will ensure that the data is securely communicated between the starting point and end point, regardless, when an agent is driving business while traveling and away from the working environment or headquarters.Ought not something be said about a free VPN organization all the experts agree: free organizations should be avoided this is because the structure to work a game plan of virtual private frameworks is costly, and should be paid for by somehow if, despite everything that the customer isn't being charged, by then how is the provider getting the money to keep the framework completely operational Most probably by suggests we overall detest, for instance, data social event, promotions, and other bothering reasons. This doesn't mean you need to spend a fortune on a VPN plan, nonetheless. There are some incredible ones that keep the costs moderate. Ordinarily, different plans are offered as month to month or yearly participations. Load-Date: February 4, 2021End of Document

U.S. leads race in artificial intelligence developmentCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 25, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 393 wordsBodyThe United States leads the race in the development and use of artificial intelligence (AI), while China is advancing rapidly and the European Union (EU) is lagging behind, according to a report published on Monday (25).This study by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation compared situations using 30 parameters, including human talent, research activity, commercial development and investments.The United States is at the top of the podium, according to this 2020 data-based report, with an overall score of 44.6 points on a 100-point scale.They are leading especially in key areas such as investment in start-ups and funding for research and development.Then comes China, which, with 32 points, advanced in several areas and last year had 214 of the 500 most powerful supercomputers in the world, more than any other country – 113 for the United States and 91 for the EU.The European Union scored only 23.3 points due to a delay mainly in the level of venture capital financing and private capital financing, but does better in terms of research publications."The Chinese government has made AI a top priority and the results are visible," said Daniel Castro, director of the Data Innovation Center for this think tank and lead author of the report. "The United States and the European Union must pay attention and respond to what China is doing, as countries that lead the development and use of AI will shape their future and significantly improve their economic competitiveness, while those left behind risk losing their competitiveness in key sectors," he said. China published 24,929 Research Articles on AI in 2018, according to the most recent data, compared with 20,418 for the European Union and 16,233 for the United States, the report said.However, "the average quality of American research is still higher than that of China and the European Union," castro says, adding that the United States "continues to be world leaders in designing chips for AI systems."To remain competitive, Europe must, according to the report, strengthen tax incentives for research and develop public research institutes in this area.As for the United States, to maintain its leadership, they must strengthen support for research and the deployment of AI, and redouble their efforts to develop talent in the country, attracting people from around the world.Load-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

U.S. leads race in artificial intelligence developmentCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 25, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 393 wordsBodyThe United States leads the race in the development and use of artificial intelligence (AI), while China is advancing rapidly and the European Union (EU) is lagging behind, according to a report published on Monday (25).This study by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation compared situations using 30 parameters, including human talent, research activity, commercial development and investments.The United States is at the top of the podium, according to this 2020 data-based report, with an overall score of 44.6 points on a 100-point scale.They are leading especially in key areas such as investment in start-ups and funding for research and development.Then comes China, which, with 32 points, advanced in several areas and last year had 214 of the 500 most powerful supercomputers in the world, more than any other country – 113 for the United States and 91 for the EU.The European Union scored only 23.3 points due to a delay mainly in the level of venture capital financing and private capital financing, but does better in terms of research publications."The Chinese government has made AI a top priority and the results are visible," said Daniel Castro, director of the Data Innovation Center for this think tank and lead author of the report. "The United States and the European Union must pay attention and respond to what China is doing, as countries that lead the development and use of AI will shape their future and significantly improve their economic competitiveness, while those left behind risk losing their competitiveness in key sectors," he said. China published 24,929 Research Articles on AI in 2018, according to the most recent data, compared with 20,418 for the European Union and 16,233 for the United States, the report said.However, "the average quality of American research is still higher than that of China and the European Union," castro says, adding that the United States "continues to be world leaders in designing chips for AI systems."To remain competitive, Europe must, according to the report, strengthen tax incentives for research and develop public research institutes in this area.As for the United States, to maintain its leadership, they must strengthen support for research and the deployment of AI, and redouble their efforts to develop talent in the country, attracting people from around the world.Load-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

Global Smartphone Production Expected to Reach 1.36 Billion Units in 2021 as Huawei Drops Out of Top-Six Ranking, Says TrendForceBusiness WireJanuary 5, 2021 Tuesday 11:00 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 974 wordsDateline: TAIPEI, Taiwan BodyOwing to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, global smartphone production reached a mere 1.25 billion units in 2020, a record-breaking 11% YoY decrease, according to TrendForce 's latest investigations. The top six smartphone brands ranked by production volume for 2020, in order, are Samsung, Apple, Huawei, Xiaomi, OPPO, and Vivo. The most glaring change from the previous year is Huawei's market share.TrendForce indicates that Honor will formally separate from Huawei and operate as an independent smartphone maker at the start of 2021. The aim behind this spin-off is to ensure the survival of Honor, which has become a major brand in the global smartphone market after years of labor. However, it remains to be seen whether the "new" Honor can capture consumers' attention without the support from Huawei. Also, Huawei and the new Honor will be directly competing against each other in the future, especially if the former is somehow freed from the U.S. trade sanctions at a later time. With the new Honor seeking to ramp up production, Huawei will have more difficulty in regaining market share for smartphones.Looking ahead to the rest of 2021, TrendForce believes that the global smartphone market will gradually recover as people become accustomed to the "new normal" resulting from the pandemic. Moreover, this year will likely see a relatively strong wave of device replacement demand as well as demand growth in the emerging markets. Assuming that these conditions will materialize, the annual global smartphone production for 2021 is forecasted to increase by 9% to 1.36 billion units. Regarding the annual global ranking of smartphone brands for 2021, Huawei will experience a further and significant decline in its device production. This is because of the effects of the U.S. export restrictions and the spin-off of Honor as a separate entity operating in the smartphone market. Huawei is currently projected to tumble from third place in 2020 to seventh place in 2021. The top six for 2021, in order, will be Samsung, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, Vivo, and Transsion. Together, they will account for almost 80% of the global smartphone market. Nevertheless, the pandemic will remain the central variable (or the biggest uncertainty) in the production projection because it will continue to exert significant influence on the global economy. Besides the pandemic, the performance of smartphone brands during 2021 could also be affected by geopolitical instabilities and the lack of available production capacity in the semiconductor foundry market.Penetration rate of 5G smartphones is likely to rise to 37% in 2021, while production will still be constrained by limited foundry capacitiesThanks to the Chinese government's aggressive push for 5G commercialization in 2020, global 5G smartphone production for the year reached about 240 million units, a 19% penetration rate, with Chinese brands accounting for almost a 60% market share. While 5G will remain a major topic in the smartphone market this year, various countries will also resume their 5G infrastructure build-out, and mobile processor manufacturers will continue to release entry-level and mid-range 5G chips. As such, the penetration rate of 5G smartphones is expected to undergo a rapid increase to 37% in 2021, for a yearly production of about 500 million units.It should be noted that, under the optimistic assumption that the pandemic can be resolved within the year, shipment for various end-products, including servers, smartphones, and notebook computers, will undergo a YoY increase compared to 2020. Case in point, the number of PMICs and CIS (CMOS image sensors) contained per handset will each double in order to meet increased smartphone specifications. On the other hand, major Chinese foundry SMIC has recently been added to the Entity List once again. This is expected to exacerbate the foundry industry's already-strained production capacity.TrendForce indicates that smartphone brands' recent bullish outlook towards the 2021 market and their attempt to secure more semiconductor supplies by increasing their smartphone production targets can potentially lead these brands to overbook certain components at foundries. However, smartphone brands may adjust their component inventories from 2Q21 to 3Q21 and reduce their semiconductor procurement activities if actual sales performances fall short of expectations, or if component bottlenecks remain unresolved, leading to a widening inventory gap between bottlenecked and non-bottlenecked parts. Even so, TrendForce still forecasts an above-90% capacity utilization rate for foundries in 2021.For further details of this press release, along with figures showing global smartphone production by year and the top-seven ranking of smartphone manufacturers, please visit:http://www.trendforce.com/presscenter/news/20210105-10630.htmlFor more information on reports and market data from TrendForce's Department of Semiconductor Research, please click here , or email Ms. Latte Chung from the Sales Department at lattechung@trendforce.comAbout TrendForce ( www.trendforce.com )TrendForce is a global provider of market intelligence on the technology industries. Having served businesses for over a decade, the company has built up a strong membership base of 500,000 subscribers residing the technology and financial services sectors. TrendForce has established a reputation as an organization that offers insightful and accurate analysis of the technology industry through five major research divisions: DRAMeXchange, WitsView, LEDinside, EnergyTrend and Topology Research Institute. Founded in Taipei, Taiwan in 2000, TrendForce has extended its presence in China since 2004 with offices in Shenzhen and Beijing.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210105005408/en/CONTACT: Ms. Esther FengTel: +886-2-8978-6488 ext. 667estherfeng@trendforce.com Ms. Pinchun ChouTel: +886-2-8978-6488 ext.669pinchunchou@trendforce.comhttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: January 5, 2021End of Document

Tik Tok ban and other Chinese apps continue in IndiaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 25, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 536 wordsBodyThe ban on Tik Tok and other Chinese applications in India will remain in force, as reported by India's Ministry of Electronics and Technology.It was reported that the Ministry made its decision and sent these notices after reviewing responses received from blocked Chinese applications, including the popular short video platform.In June, the Indian government temporarily banned 59 Chinese-born mobile apps, including TikTok, citing national security concerns.This decision was made two weeks after a tough armed confrontation between China and India over a disputed border area in the Galwan Valley in the western Himalayas. In that confrontation, the largest in 45 years in that conflict zone, at least 20 soldiers were killed and 76 wounded.The disputed 3,500-kilometre border between India and China runs from Ladakh in the north to the Indian state of Sikkim. The two Asian giants waged a war in 1962 that also splashed Ladakh. The two nations have been trying to settle their border dispute since the early 1990s, without success.In September 2020, the blockade was expanded to 118 apps, including the popular mobile video game PUBG. The Ministry stated at the time that these applications were stealing and transmitting data from Indian users to servers outside India in an unauthorized manner.As explained at the time, data extraction and collection posed a risk to India's national security, which would ultimately affect India's overnity and integrity.This is not the first time that doubts have been made on this issue. In recent times, several cybersecurity analysts have warned of the risks that Chinese applications and telecommunications companies may pose, citing the country's National Intelligence Act, a regulation that requires Chinese companies to provide access, cooperation or support for the collection of information that could be used to do intelligence work.Prior to its ban, TikTok was one of the 10 most popular apps on the Google Play Store and Apple App Store in India, with up to 119 million active users in the country. It is estimated that up to one third of TikTok's global users resided in India.Tik Tok's situation in the United StatesIn the first week of January and a few days after leaving office, Donald Trump signed an executive order banning transactions, for 45 days, with companies behind eight Chinese apps, including Alipay of Ant Group and QQ and WeChat Pay of Tencent.This measure is in addition to two executive orders issued by Trump in August that also tried to prohibit, albeit unsuccessfully, transactions with ByteDance, TikTok's parent company, and WeChat. However, some time later a judge blocked weChat's ban in September and again in October. A magistrate then granted a preliminary court order to stop TikTok's ban in December.On that occasion Trump also claimed that these measures sought to protect national security from the potential risks of data leakage that, according to the then president, involved the use of those platforms.MORE ON THIS TOPIC: Italy ordered TikTok to block users from reporting their age after the death of a 10-year-old girl in a challengeGoogle would be testing a feature to show TikTok and Instagram videos in search resultsLoad-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

Internet giants grow out of controlCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 1, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 475 wordsBodyThe Covid-19 pandemic, which accelerated the digital transition, has envisioned the power of technological giants but has also put them at the peak of states for their growing influence.Zoom meetings, Google searches, Amazon purchases, Whatsapp exchanges and Netflix evenings. Although they already had a dominant position before the pandemic, the American Gafam (Google, Amazon, Facebook, Apple, and Microsoft) and the Chinese Batx (Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent, and Xiamo) have become hegemonic by 2020.These "superstars" of digital capitalism "have given the impression in this world where so many things that seemed solid are collapsing today, of having taken off the ground and even (being) invincible," sums up the economist Joélle Toledano, a professor at Paris-Dauphine University.More than economic, its success is financial.While states spend millions and millions to avoid serial bankruptcies and mass unemployment, The prices of glasses' stocks continue to rise since January: Facebook (+35%), Amazon (+67%), Apple (+68%).And what about Zoom, created in 2011 by a Californian engineer, whose stock increased 600% in 2020? Or Airbnb that has doubled its value since the day of its I.D.?For their part, long cantoned in the local market, Chinese applications begin to spread around the world: TikTok, but also SHEIN (clothes) or Likee (videos).The pandemic has not only strengthened the tech giants, but has also raised awareness of the need to regulate these 2.0 conglomerates, the expansion of which continues, at the stroke of acquisitions."Until 2017, it was thought that the advantages they brought, particularly in terms of innovation, were superior to the damage they caused," but the wind is now blowing in a different direction," explains Joélle Toledano, author of "Glasses: Let's Regain Power!"In addition to effectively controlling access to the digital world, the Google search engine controls 93% of the market. These quasi-monopolies lock users into "blocked ecosystems," according to the economist.Following past failures - long and late processes, unsuasive fines - Brussels has generated artillery of new rules ranging from competition to online hatred through the transparency of algorithms.Proceedings also multiply in the United States against Google and Facebook for abuse of a dominant position. Forced to account, the big big tech bosses, as the industry is known, have had to appear several times before Congress.In China, the authorities have been tightening the regulation of multi-platform containers for several months. They have also announced a new regulation of online commerce.The extremis suspension of online payment giant Ant Group's stockbroker's stockbroker was interpreted by many observers as a warning from the Chinese government to a sector that has become extremely powerful and generated colossal fortunes.Load-Date: January 2, 2021End of Document

Global Drone Analytics Market (2020 to 2025) - Growth, Trends, and Forecast - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireJanuary 21, 2021 Thursday 1:10 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 868 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "Drone Analytics Market - Growth, Trends, and Forecast (2020 - 2025)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The Drone Analytics Market is anticipated to register a CAGR of over 15% during the forecast period.Companies Mentioned• AeroVironment Inc.• Kespry Inc.• DroneDeploy Inc.• Delta Drone• PrecisionHawk Inc.• Pix4D SA• Dronifi• Sentera LLC• AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc.• optelos• DroneSense Inc.• Neurala Inc.• Scale AI Inc.Key Market TrendsIncreasing Investments Toward Developing Sophisticated Drone SoftwareSince drone analytics is an emerging field with a range of potential applications, industrial conglomerates, chip companies, and IT consulting firms have pumped in significant financial resources to incubate and develop envisioned capabilities in the current generation of drones, both via a hardware and software upgrade. It is estimated that in the last 7 years, investments of about USD 2 billion have been attracted by the drone startups including OEMs and related companies in the supply chain. Also, with the market trends becoming clearer, both in terms of technology and the end-user, the investors have started focusing their investments on selected companies that seem to have higher growth potential.Typical examples include areas such as drone delivery, security, and mining. For instance, the medical drone delivery company Zipline announced new funding that brought the company valuation to USD 1.2 billion. Also, the automated drone-in-a-box solution Percepto announced a new round of funding amounting to USD 15 million. Besides, drone analytics companies are collaborating to address the specific requirements of the plethora of drone applications. For instance, in January 2020, AI-powered visual inspections pioneer Neurala announced a collaboration with drone service provider AviSight to provide end-to-end service to inspection customers who require a complete solution for drone-based inspections of critical infrastructure, including Beyond Visual Line of Sight (BVLOS) operations.Similarly, in February 2020, Neurala collaborated with Optelos, the developer of the drone industry's first patented enterprise SaaS platform designed to fully operationalize digital asset inspection and management. Optelos' platform is integrated with Neurala's vision AI platform, Brain Builder, to improve the efficacy and efficiency of the defect and object identification. Similar collaborative efforts are envisioned to drive the business prospects of the drone analytics market during the forecast period.Asia-Pacific to Experience the Highest Growth During the Forecast PeriodThe recent changes in drone regulations in several countries across the region are expected to support the growth of the market. China became the global hub for drone manufacturing in the past six years. About 70% of the global civilian drone market is supported by China, which had about 1,200 drone manufacturers at the beginning of 2019 (up from 130 manufacturers in 2013). The Chinese government is providing various subsidy schemes and other favorable domestic policies for drone purchases to promote the adoption of drones in various industrial sectors. The growing application areas of drones are simultaneously propelling the demand for these UAVs in China.The increasing demand for drones for monitoring, inspection, surveying, and surveillance applications in the construction, agriculture, infrastructure, energy, telecommunications, mining, and insurance industries is propelling the growth of the drone analytics market in China. Also, Australia has emerged as a major industrial hub in Asia-Pacific, which is witnessing the rising importance of BVLOS testing. As of July 2019, there were more than 1,200 drone operators in Australia. These operators are rapidly developing technologies and services to support the large drone ecosystem. The supportive drone regulations in Australia introduced by the Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA), in support of many domestic and international players, are helping the penetration of drones into many applications.Key Topics Covered:1 INTRODUCTION2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Market Overview4.2 Market Drivers4.3 Market Restraints4.4 Porter's Five Forces Analysis5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 Industry5.1.1 Construction5.1.2 Agriculture5.1.3 Energy5.1.4 Law Enforcement5.1.5 Mining5.1.6 Other Industries5.2 Geography5.2.1 North America5.2.1.1 United States5.2.1.2 Canada5.2.2 Europe5.2.2.1 Germany5.2.2.2 United Kingdom5.2.2.3 France5.2.2.4 Rest of Europe5.2.3 Asia-Pacific5.2.3.1 India5.2.3.2 China5.2.3.3 Japan5.2.3.4 Rest of Asia-Pacific5.2.4 Rest of the World6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Vendor Market Share6.2 Company Profiles6.2.1 AeroVironment Inc.6.2.2 Kespry Inc.6.2.3 DroneDeploy Inc.6.2.4 Delta Drone6.2.5 PrecisionHawk Inc.6.2.6 Pix4D SA6.2.7 Dronifi6.2.8 Sentera LLC6.2.9 AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc.6.2.10 optelos6.2.11 DroneSense Inc.6.2.12 Neurala Inc.6.2.13 Scale AI Inc.7 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDSFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/ubdkm5View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210121005520/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: January 21, 2021End of Document

News RoundUpThe Defender: St. Michael's CollegeJanuary 20, 2021 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 6321 wordsBodyBy Hannah McKelveyExecutive EditorDon't have time to read the thousands of news articles coming out each day? Just don't want to read the news? Every other day, we'll summarize a batch of the most important daily news for you. News RoundUp:May 2, 2020Today marks the first day of finals for St. Mikes. Today will also be the last news roundup that I will be doing. Thank you for following along with me during our unexpected transition to a strictly online publication. I hope that this has brought you loads of helpful information and that you are all staying healthy and sane.Now back to the news:A while back, the SMC mailroom made the call to stop accepting all mail for residents who were no longer living on campus. If you had things sent to your SMC mailbox during the quarantine time, the mailroom either forwarded it to the address on hand or sent it back to the original mailer because it was not forwardable.SMC will be holding a virtual graduation ceremony for the Class of 2020 on May 10, at 10 a.m. It will be about 40 minutes long and have speakers from the undergrad class as well as the graduate class. The link will be added to the SMC website the morning of.With May 1 behind us, stay at home orders are beginning to be lifted across America. To see what states are lifting the ban and what states aren't, check out the link below.https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/states-reopen-map-coronavirus.html?action=click&module=RelatedLinks&pgtype=ArticleThe Good News: Pakistan has recently hired thousands of newly unemployed residents in hopes to replant trees around the nation. Read more using the link: https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/pakistan-hires-laborers-for-planting-10-billion-tree/News RoundUp:April 30, 2020On Monday the Pentagon released three videos that were shot by the U.S. Navy capturing footage of U.F.O.s. To see the videos, click the link: https://www.cnn.com/2020/04/27/politics/pentagon-ufo-videos/index.htmlAs of May 1, the day most students have to decide on what college they will attend in the fall, colleges around the country are worried. According to the American Council of Education, which represents more than 1,700 institutions and amongst other organizations, colleges around the country are estimating that a total of $8 billion are being refunded to students across the country.St. Mike's has extended their commitment day to June 1st. This gives students the opportunity to figure out financial logistics and also gives the school the chance to bring in more students for the class of 2024.The Good News: One scuba diving company is making a big impact by helping out with two causes. The scuba company is making and selling face masks out of recycled plastic they found in the ocean. Read the full article here: https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/scuba-group-making-face-masks-from-recycled-ocean-plastic/https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/scuba-group-making-face-masks-from-recycled-ocean-plastic/News RoundUp:April 27, 2020Headache, sore throat, a new loss of taste or smell, muscle pain, chills, and repeated shaking with chills are all new symptoms the Center for Disease Control and Prevention have added to the COVID-19 list.See what states will begin lessening restriction in the near future and which states are sticking to the stay at home orders: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/states-reopen-map-coronavirus.htmlGlobally, 2,995,456 people have tested positive to COVID-19 and the death toll has surpassed 200,000, the exact number coming in at 207,583.The Good News: Need some bright colorful street art to brighten your day? Check out the link to see how artists around the world are reacting to COVID-19.https://www.smithsonianmag.com/travel/how-street-artists-around-world-are-reacting-to-life-with-covid-19-180974712/?utm_source=smithsoniandaily&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=20200423-daily-responsive&spMailingID=42342156&spUserID=ODcyNjc0Njc2MDg4S0&spJobID=1742516608&spReportId=MTc0MjUxNjYwOAS2News RoundUp:April 23, 2020As of last week, an additional 4.4 million people filed for unemployment, bringing the total to 26 million people filing for unemployment within the last five weeks.New York City has started random testing for antibodies within people. Around 3,000 people have been tested and around 14 percent have come back positive. This means that if you were to take that number and project it onto a statewide scale, about 2.4 million people statewide have already been infected with COVID-19, making the 250,000 cases currently on record under-reported.Additional money for the small business relief package passed in the House this morning. They have come to an agreement of $484 billion extra being added to the package.The Good News: In honor of the 50 year anniversary of Earth Day yesterday, please enjoy these stunning images of our earth. Use the link to view the photos: https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/volcano-lightning-storm-won-perfect-moment-photography-contest/News RoundUp:April 21, 2020In a tweet last night President Trump said that he plans to "temporarily suspend immigration into the United States" to create less competition for the job market as the economy begins to open up. If done this would mean that people from other countries who are coming for job opportunities would miss out on the opportunities or people would not be able to come live or visit with family.Additional federal money for the small business funds, which ran out last week, will most likely not pass Congress until Thursday. Discussion about how much will be added has slowed down the process but lawmakers and Trumps Administration are saying around $500 billion will be added to the fund.The Good News: While the US census is currently not the first thing on everyone's mind it is important to fill out, and it's required by the law to do so. I know for me personally, I was having a tough time figuring out what state I should fill it out in now that I am no longer living at college in Vermont. According to the census, if you would have regularly lived on campus as of April 1, you can fill it out in the state that you go to school in. For more information use the link: https://www.burlingtonfreepress.com/story/news/2020/04/16/heres-how-college-students-can-complete-u-s-census-vermont/5148949002/News RoundUp:April 19, 2020For people who are venturing out to stores occasionally and practicing social distancing, it is not to change clothes once they return home. An aerosol scientist from Virginia Tech Linsey Marr told the New York Times, "A droplet that is small enough to float in air for a while also is unlikely to deposit on clothing because of aerodynamics."In the United States, there have been 722,761 confirmed cases of COVID-19. While 64,840 people have recovered from the virus, 33,903 people have died.Governors around the country are feeling the pressure to reopen the country in order to get the economy back up and running. Many governors want better access to more testing to know the extent of who is infected versus who is not. Trump administration officials say that the testing that is in place now is adequate.The Good News: St. Mike's Study Abroad photo contest winners are announced tomorrow! Use this link to see beautiful photos from around the world: https://www.smcvt.edu/academics/study-abroad/global-eyes-photography/News RoundUp:April 17, 2020Graduation for the SMC class of 2020 has been officially postponed until June 2021. Students will receive their diplomas in May of this year, but the ceremony will take place next summer. More updates to come.Flareups of COVID-19 could last until 2022, according to the American Association for the Advancement of Science. More information here: https://science.sciencemag.org/content/early/2020/04/14/science.abb5793On Thursday the $349 billion relief program that was made to help the small businesses stay afloat during these hard times had run out of money. However, this does not mean that there is no more money for those businesses that have not received relief money yet. Congress and the Trump administration have been talking about adding hundreds of billions to the relief package to help but have not come to a decision yet.The Good News: Switzerland has been projecting different countries' flags onto the famous mountain, the Matterhorn, in solidarity because of the pandemic. To view pictures click on the link: https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/swiss-village-projects-flags-onto-matterhorn/News RoundUp:April 15, 2020Vermont Governor Phil Scott last week extended the stay home order and only allowed essential travel within the state of Vermont until May 15. This means that some students' move out dates have shifted. Students whose last names start with A - H's move out dates have been moved to May 29 through June 1. Starting May 15, people who have I or J as the first letter of their last name can begin to move out. For people who had asked permission to move out earlier between the dates of May 8-10 and earlier than that have been dismissed and the school can no longer honor them.In recent election news, former President Obama and Senator Elizabeth Warren have endorsed Joe Biden as the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.NYC Mayor de Blasio announced today that New York City will be spending upwards of $170 million to feed residents affected by COVID-19 over the next four months. In a news briefing, Mayor de Blasio said, "I pledge to you and I'm very confident making this pledge: We will not allow any New Yorker to go hungry."President Trump today cut funding to the World Health Organization while a review is conducted on how the WHO handled, managed, and covered the spread of coronavirus.The Good News: If you focus on the upsetting things happening all around us here's a bunch of good things that can ease your mind, such as Dolly Parton reading you a story, cute animal videos, and the Getty Museum holding a recreation of famous artwork contest. https://www.cnn.com/2020/04/03/us/the-good-stuff-040420/index.htmlNews RoundUp:April 13, 2020As of this morning, there have been 1,870,076 confirmed cases of COVID-19 globally. The U.S. has reported 547,627 confirmed cases of COVID-19 and 21,662 deaths because of the virus.Texas, Lousiana, Mississippi, Georgia experienced more than 34 tornadoes Monday morning. The severe weather killed 11 people in Mississippi, six in Georgia, and one in Arkansas. More tornadoes and severe weather are projected to span from Florida all the way up to parts of New York through Monday.Between May 4-13, the United States Supreme Court will be hearing cases via telephone conference.A pork processing facility in South Dakota., one of the largest in the nation, has closed indefinitely because workers have fallen ill with COVID-19. The plant produces five percent of America's pork. The FDA says "Currently there is no evidence of food or food packaging being associated with transmission of COVID-19. Unlike foodborne gastrointestinal viruses like norovirus and hepatitis A that often make people ill through contaminated food, SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19, is a virus that causes respiratory illness. Foodborne exposure to this virus is not known to be a route of transmission."Q: Can I get the coronavirus from food, food packaging, or food containers and preparation area?A: Currently there is no evidence of food, food containers, or food packaging being associated with the transmission of COVID-19. Like other viruses, it is possible that the virus that causes COVID-19 can survive on surfaces or objects. For that reason, it is critical to follow the 4 key steps of food safety-clean, separate, cook, and chill.If you are concerned about contamination of food or food packaging, wash your hands after handling food packaging, after removing food from the packaging, before you prepare food for eating and before you eat. Consumers can follow CDC guidelines on frequent hand washing with soap and water for at least 20 seconds; and frequent cleaning and disinfecting of surfaces.The Good News: As air pollution plummets because of India's lockdown, the Himalayas are being seen in places that haven't seen them in years. To read more about it, click on the link: https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/himalayan-mountaintops-visible-for-first-time-in-30-years/News RoundUp: April 11, 2020The United States passed Italy in its number of deaths affiliated to COVID-19. The death toll has surpassed 20,000 in the U.s. as of yesterday.Farmers around the country are destroying thousands of pounds of food because of restaurants closing and slowing down nationwide. Restaurant opportunities for take out for those who are choosing to partake does not make up for the sales and food products that were planted weeks in advance. The consequences: food rotting and farmers destroying crops.With Easter this Sunday, churches around the country plan to hold in-person services for Easter. According to the New York Times, pastors in Mississippi and Michigan plan to hold in-person services and expect over 2,000 people to attend on Sunday.The Good News: Need some good news with a broadway surprise in your life? Watch this episode of "Some Good News" with John Krasinski.Click on the link to watch the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oilZ1hNZPRMNews RoundUp:April 9, 2020Nearly 6.6 million people filed for unemployment last week, bringing the total number of people who have filed for unemployment since the of COVID-19 quarantine began to more than 16 million.Between April 1 to April 5 only 69 percent of renters within America paid their rent, according to the National Multifamily Housing Council. Last year, between those dates, 82 percent of people paid rent.The Good News: Feeling anxious about this pandemic? Listen to this podcast on a few ways to make things a little less anxious. Click the link to listen: https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/dr-brene-brown-on-ffts/News RoundUp:April 8, 2020Bernie Sanders dropped out of the 2020 presidential election today, leaving Joe Biden the presumptive nominee to challenge President Trump.As of today, two SMC employees have tested positive for COVID-19.The National Academy of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine sent a public report to the White House stating that we should not get our hopes of COVID-19 diminishing during the summer, reports the New York Times. Through research reports, the panelist a panelist wrote this? Might just say the Academy concluded that there is no clear sign of it diminishing in the summer, as they initially hoped.The Good News: Two pandas from the Hong Kong Zoo, who have never been interested in one another, finally mate after 13 years.Click on the link to read the full article: https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/giant-pandas-mate-amidst-covid-zoo-closures/News RoundUp:April 7, 2020As of today, there are 1,365,004 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in 184 countries/ regions, with 76,507 deaths globally, according to Johns Hopkins.Boris Johnson, Britain's prime minister, has been moved into the ICU because of COVID-19.Today is the first day in which China reports there have been no deaths in the country because of COVID-19.The Good News: Every time at 7 p.m., people around NYC lean out of their windows, go on their balconies, and head down to the sidewalks to cheer and show gratitude towards the medical officials that are working hard to help COVID-19 patients. Click on the link to view: https://www.nydailynews.com/coronavirus/ny-coronavirus-apartment-applause-20200401-krgylnadfferrgqqp5tlm6vnay-story.htmlNews RoundUp:April 6, 2020More than 10 thousand people have died from COVID-19 in the United States, but the New York Times reports that medical officials or coroners from around the country suspect that the deaths from the coronavirus are under-reported because of failed protocols and an inadequate number of tests to accurately test everyone. Coroners are saying that they do not have the test to determine if COVID-19 rather than influenza or pneumonia caused deaths. Medical professionals are now looking back at records from January through early March to see if any patient with coronavirus symptoms might have been misdiagnosed."We have to get back to work," President Trump said in a briefing on Saturday. "We have to open our country again. We don't want to be doing this for months and months and months. We're going to open our country again. This country wasn't meant for this." Despite all this, economists are now saying that we will not have a normal functioning economy until people feel as if they can go about their business without catching the virus.The Good News: As we slow down our lives, scientists and researchers who monitor the planet's seismic activity, which detects earthquakes and volcanic activity, have realized that with our slower paced lives they can now detect a 5.5 magnitude earthquake that is on the other side of the earth. During our everyday lives, they would not be able to detect these because of how many vibrations are caused by cars, trains and other human activity.News RoundUp:April 5, 2020According to CNN, yesterday marked the most reported deaths in one day because of COVID-19. What this means is that the United States could be nearing the peak. "The next two weeks ar extraordinarily important," said Deborah Brix, the White House coronavirus response coordinator. "This is the moment to not be going to the grocery store, not going to the pharmacy, but doing everything you can to keep your family and your friends safe, and that means everybody doing the six feet distancing, washing your hands."As the Democratic convention was postponed by a month, former Vice President Joe Biden offered up the idea of holding a virtual convention during an interview with ABC. "We may have to do a virtual convention. I think we should be thinking about that right now. The idea of holding the convention is going to be necessary. But we may not be able to put ten, twenty, thirty thousand people in one place."The Good News: No need to fear anymore when leaving the house if you do not have an n95 mask or a medical facemask, make your own from home. The New York Times identified the best household items to make makeshift face masks.Click the photo below to bring you to the article:News RoundUp:April 4, 2020New York City continues to be the epicenter of the United States. With more than 113, 700 COVID- 19 cases and deaths surpassing 3,500, the govern Andrew Cuomo predicts the peak for New York is just shy of a week. According to the New York Times, the Chinese government is planning on donating 1,000 ventilators to NYC.With Italy being under lockdown for weeks at this point, they are starting to see a decline in the number of positive COVID-19 cases. What's the next step? Well, the government hopes to slowly allow people out of lockdowns and start getting them back to work. But how does a country do this without setting bringing the numbers back up? According to the New York Times, scientists are going to begin testing people to see if they have the correct antibodies from coronavirus which would make them immune, at least that's the theory. Scientists aren't one hundred percent if the antibodies are a true way to show if you are immune but are hopeful.A COVID-19 vaccine made by the University of Pittsburg Medical Center is ready for clinical trial as soon as the Food and Drug Administration gives permission. As of March 15, another vaccine entered clinical trials and a dozen more are being developed. While vaccines usually take a year in human clinical trials, because of the situations things may be able to get sped up.1.1 million people have confirmed cases of the coronavirus and at least 62,000 people have died from the virus globally.The Good News: Reading the news can be stressful. Heck, living during a pandemic can be stressful, so here is a list of the 75 best movies on Netflix. Sit back, relax, take some time to forget about the pandemic around you, and indulge in one of these awesome movies.https://collider.com/best-movies-on-netflix-streaming/#the-perks-of-being-a-wallflowerNews RoundUp:April 3, 2020Wednesday night a scientific panelist at the White House told the press that they now believe through new research that the coronavirus can be spread through talking and breathing also, not just through sneezing and coughing. The CDC is now recommending that all people should wear nonmedical masks when they venture outside of their homes. "I'm not going to wear a surgical mask, because clinicians need those," Harvey Fineberg, former dean of the Harvard School of Public Health told CNN. "But I have a nice western-style bandana I might wear. Or I have a balaclava. I have some pretty nice options."The FBI has put out a warning on "Zoom bombing." Schools, in particular, are supposed to watch out because they are most targeted. "Zoom bombing" is when people pop into random zoom calls and share pornographic videos and images in place of people's video icons, and racial slurs and offensive language in place of people's names.The U.S. Navy hospital boat in New York City Habor that has 1,000 beds dedicated to COVID-19 patients only has 22 patients as of Friday afternoon.Two months before COVID-19 was believed to start infecting people, President Trump pulled a $200 million dollar program at the Agency for International Development that was in charge of researching potential pandemic diseases. According to the Los Angeles Times, when the program was up and running it helped identify 1,200 different viruses that have the potential to become pandemics. The main duties of this program were to identify these diseases, train scientists around the world to respond to these diseases if they ever became a pandemic.The Good News: Youtube and the internet are notorious for making jokes and parodies about super serious current events. As you can imagine, just because we're in a pandemic doesn't mean people are going to stop now.Check out the videos below to watch popular songs transformed into COVID-19 themed songs.News RoundUp:April 2, 2020More than 6.6 million people filed for unemployment claims last week. With last week's claims coming in around 3 million, that means these past two weeks have set unprecedented records. To put things into perspective, during the recession of '08 the number of people who filed for unemployment claims in one given week all stayed well under a million people.Some reminders and information about COVID-19:Symptoms:• People usually start to show symptoms five to seven days after exposure, but symptoms can also appear after two days all the way up to 14 days.• The most common symptoms people are showing when they have Covid-19 are fever, dry cough, difficulty breathing or shortness of breath, and fatigue.What should you do?:• Stay home and keep your distance from the people with whom you live.• If you have symptoms that make it hard to breathe, persistent pain or pressure in your chest, confusion, or bluish lips or face, seek medical help.How does the virus spread?• The virus spreads through droplets in the air or on surfaces from people coughing or sneezing.• Clean and disinfect commonly used surfaces regularly.• Wash your hands for at least 20 seconds with disinfecting soap every time you enter your home and regularly throughout the day.• Never touch your face with unwashed hands.The Good News: Enjoy watching one of our executive editors, Leanne Hamilton '20, dancing her way through quarantine.Check out the video below to watch some stylish dance moves from a safe distance.News RoundUp:April 1, 2020Before we begin today's News RoundUp, The Defender has an important and urgent announcement. We as a publication have come to the hard decision that we will no longer produce news for the remainder of the semester. It is just too hard with everything going on to report in a pandemic and with everyone being stuck inside there's simply no news to report. We hope you understand. Please stay sane.APRIL FOOLS!!!! Starting tomorrow The Defender will be putting out two-three articles each day from our third issue. The articles will run from April 2 to April 10. We have articles spanning all topics, so if you want coronavirus coverage, come our way, if you are tired of hearing about coronavirus, come our way.Now back to the News:New numbers came out according to the leading infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony S. Fauci and Dr. Deborah L. Birx, the White House coronavirus response coordinator During a briefing yesterday, they said that the number of deaths expected in the United States from the coronavirus will be 100,000- 240,000 people. The two experts pledged they will try to do everything they can to make that number lower.The stock market continues to plummet each day. S&P fell almost four percent in early trading this morning and the stock market had its worst month since 2008."'Covid-19 is the greatest test that we have faced together since the formation of the United Nations," said the secretary general of the United Nations, António Guterres on Wednesday. The world has now entered a global recession according to the International Monetary Fund and it will be unlikely to resolve until 2021. During this time, 25 million jobs could be entirely lost in the United States, meaning $1.3 trillion would be lost on labor income.The Good News: For some uplifting news John Krasinski put together entries from the internet of good and uplifting news that has been happening in all the chaos.Click on the link to check out "Some Good News with John Krasinski" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5pgG1M_h_UNews RoundUp:March 31, 2020With hospital beds popping up in Central Park, two other temporary hospitals made an appearance yesterday. A U.S. Navy ship arrived in the New York City Harbor with 1,000 extra hospital beds onboard. In Manhattan, the Javits Center was also converted into a makeshift hospital, opening up even more beds throughout the city. All of this is a part of Gov. Andrew Cuomo's plan to have a makeshift hospital in every borough.According to Johns Hopkins University, coronavirus cases worldwide have surpassed 788,522.Thousands of retired doctors and nurses are returning to the medical field to help in the Covid-19 battle. According to the Wall Street Journal, medical schools around the country are allowing their students to graduate a couple of months early in order to fill the demand of doctors and nurse's needs within hospitals around the country.A new model, according to the White House coronavirus response coordinator Dr. Deborah Birx, says that by mid-April, when coronavirus is supposed to reach peak cases for the U.S. up to 2,000 people here in the U.S. could be dying every single day. That number relates to the prediction of around 82,000 people dying from the coronavirus by August. This was the same model that President Trump based his extension of social distancing and quarantine policies on, according to CNN.According to Politico, seed sales have been seeing record high sales. As the coronavirus becomes worse, people are becoming warier of food security and the hygiene of where their food is coming from.The Good News: Need a couple of minutes to forget all the things going wrong in the world? Watch this live feed of jellyfish floating around their enclosure at the Monterey Bay Aquarium.News RoundUp:March 30, 2020Last week, on the Fox News Channel President Trump said, "I would love to have the country opened back up and just raring to go by Easter." But in his press conference Sunday, he postponed nonessential travel and social distancing for at least another month until April 30. If needed, the postponement could go until the beginning of June.The Summer Olympics have been officially postponed from this summer until July 2021. The new dates are planned for July 23-August 8, 2021.With around 60,000 cases of coronavirus alone in New York City, gov. Andrew Cuomo has taken drastic precautions, including the creation of makeshift hospitals in Central Park, and plans to create temporary hospitals in all NYC boroughs. According to CNN, NYC is now enforcing social distancing by fining people $250-$500 if they break the policies.In a recent video interview on CNN Business, Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which does significant philanthropic work to empower the poorest and combat infectious diseases, said he predicts that the peak of coronavirus infections will be late April.The Good News: Haven't left your house in a week? Check out these hilarious coronavirus tweets to lighten your mood. Click on the link below:https://ruinmyweek.com/tweets/coronavirus-tweets/News RoundUp:March 29, 2020According to the New York Times, New York postponed its presidential primary election to June 23. In total this now makes 14 states that have moved the date for their primary election. Alaska, Hawaii, and Wyoming have all chosen to do their primaries entirely by mail. The new dates span April all the way through July. What this could mean for the general election is unknown.Yesterday evening, tornadoes popped up around Iowa and Arkansas. The worst one hit at 5 p.m. Saturday in Jonesboro, AR injuring 22 people. There were no life-threatening injuries reported.As the death toll from coronavirus reaches 2,000 in the U.S., the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention yesterday put out a travel advisory warning in New York, Connecticut, and New Jersey urging people to not participate in nonessential domestic travel.The Good News: Being stuck inside can really make a person crave adventure and the outdoors. How does one quench this desire? For nocturnal adventures, click on the link below for a live stream of the aurora borealis from the comforts of your own home.https://explore.org/livecams/aurora-borealis-northern-lights/northern-lights-camNews RoundUp:March 28, 2020Covid updates:There are now 600,000 cases of coronavirus infection around the world. The United States currently has the most reported cases with more than 104,000.Friday afternoon President Trump signed the $2 billion Stimulus Package to help relieve economic collapse triggered by the pandemic.President Trump is discussing an "enforceable" quarantine on the state of New York, and parts of Connecticut and New Jersey. The Washington Post said President Trump might make a decision later today.Severe storms are predicted to hit portions of the midwest sometime Saturday. The severe storms include a high chance of hail and tornados. The further you go south the less likely the severe storms, but the southeast is experiencing record-breaking warmth with highs in the 90s.The Good News: Click on the link to watch a Spanish man sharing a drink with neighbors in a unique way amidst quarantine. https://www.goodnewsnetwork.org/watch-spanish-man-share-drink-with-neighbors-two-floors-below/News RoundUp:March 27, 2020Yesterday Saint Michael's College canceled l in-person classes for the remainder of the semester. They have also decided to postpone graduation, to a later, as yet undetermined date. As for moving-out your belongings from campus, the schedule went up this morning. Starting May 8 people with the last name starting with A and B have from until 7 a.m. - 8 p.m. The schedule follows two letters in alphabetical order for each day expect M, R, and S. T through Z last names will be the final day of pick up on May 24. If you are an international student or live more than 8 hours away, contact Melissa Holzman at mholzman@smcvt.edu to plan a day when you can move out.While the stock market was up the past three days, this morning the S&P 500, Dow, and NASDAQ all fell more than 3 percent.While initial thoughts were that the Stimulus Package would get through the House with flying colors, it has taken a sudden halt. One Congressional representative, Thomas Massie (R-Kentucky), is threatening to vote no on the Stimulus package. The votes planned on being done virtually to stay under quarantine and lockdown guidelines. However, if Massie or anyone else votes no on this legislation, that would result in at least 216 members flying to D.C. to cast a revote in person.A $1 billion deal was pulled off the table by the Trump Administration sometime yesterday that could supply America with 80,000 additional ventilators. The deal proposed that General Motors use their car parts, while a company called Ventec uses their technology to make the Ventilators. The bill was pulled off of the table because General Motors was asking for large sums of money upfront. The New York Times says that government officials are still talking about the $1 Billion deal but other deals are being discussed as well.The GOOD News: In spite of a Pandemic, the African Black Rhino has made a significant spike in the population by several hundred through the help of conservation efforts, such as moving individual animals to new areas, protecting them with stricter law enforcement, and guaranteeing to breed. While the coronavirus may have more harmful impacts than good, with the virus raging through the world, it is thought to put a decline in big game hunting said The Guardian. With this decline, it might give the Black Rhino and other endangered species a chance for at least a few months.News RoundUp :March 26, 2020A record breaking number of more than 3.2 million people in America filed for unemployment last week.According to the New York Times, people could be receiving their Stimulus package within three weeks.An economics professor from the University of Louisiana conducted a recent study that showed that Louisiana may be experiencing the fastest growing rate of new cases of coronavirus in the world.As India enters its second day of lockdown, people are still heading to the streets looking for work. The BCC reports that people know the risks of the Coronavirus and the fact not many people would be hiring these days, but they are more fearful of watching their families go hungry.The Good News: Hotels in New York City and the UK are opening up free rooms for hospital workers putting in 18-hour shifts helping to combat COVID-19. The hope is to give those workers a place to sleep that is closer to work than their home.Click on the link below to view how COVID- 19 has affected popular areas around the country:https://www.bbc.com/news/world-51948578News RoundUp:March 25, 2020:Congress has finally come to an agreement on a $2 Trillion Stimulus package that will send money to the Americas during these pandemic times. The package has many stages to it but on an individual level, the first phase is taxpayers who make less than $75,000 will receive $1,200 with an additional $500 per kid. The second phase on the individual level will be taxpayers who make more than $99,000. The other money within the package goes to bailing out small businesses, helping businesses keep employees on the payroll, lending money to businesses, extending unemployment packages, and money that goes to hospitals and medical facilities. The legislation is likely to be passed over from Congress to the White House to make final changes late Wednesday.New York City and the surrounding suburbs now account for 5 percent of the global cases of Coronavirus.President Trump said yesterday he hopes to have the "U.S. opened up" by Easter, April 12, 2020. What this means for the country and the world is unknown. According to the New York Times, many public health officials say that if this happens, people will return to normal interactions around the peak of the virus. President Trump, on the other hand, says that the outcome of social isolation and a crippled economy will have worse outcomes than the virus.As of 5 p.m. March 25, Vermont will have a "Stay Home, Stay Safe" ordinance, ordered by Gov. Phil Scott. All nonessential businesses such as grocery stores, pharmacies, and gas stations, etc. will be closed until April 15.Today was the first day of India's Lockdown, becoming the world's largest lockdown with 1.3 billion people. The lockdown will last 21 days, but health officials in India said they believe it will last longer. Good news? Yale's most popular class, all about happiness, is now online for free: https://www.businessinsider.com/coursera-yale-science-of-wellbeing-free-course-review-overviewNews RoundUp:March 24, 2020What is a "shelter in place"? Shelter in place or "stay home" is a less strict way to urge people to stop leaving their homes unless it is for essentials, such as groceries, pharmacies, etc.What is a lockdown? A lockdown is much stricter than a shelter in place. Lockdowns usually come with a curfew and consequences following if you are caught without a valid reason.The following states have either declared a lockdown and/ or shelter in place for certain areas within the state or the whole state itself: California, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Texas, West Virginia, WisconsinThe 2020 Summer Olympics taking place in Tokyo, Japan has been postponed until the summer of 2021 by the International Olympics Committee and the Prime Minister of Japan.Italy remains at the epicenter on COVID-19 with 6,077 deaths and 63,928 active cases. New York City now has 26,000 cases.According to banking investment firm Goldman Sachs 2.25 million people are predicted to file for unemployment claims as coronavirus cases worsen around the country.The deadline to file federal taxes, usually on April 15, has been postponed until July 15.The Good News: According to Johns Hopkins research more than 100,000 people have fully recovered from the COVID-19 infection.Click on the link to view 20 hilarious TikToks about COVID-19https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/stephaniemcneal/coronavirus-quarantine-funny-tiktoksLoad-Date: January 23, 2021End of Document

European Industry for Audio Products to 2027 - Expansion of Online Sales Channels Presents OpportunitiesPR NewswireJanuary 13, 2021 Wednesday 4:00 PM ESTCopyright 2021 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1959 wordsDateline: DUBLIN, Jan. 13, 2021 BodyPR NewswireThe"Europe Audio Products Market by Type, Technology, and Distribution Channel: Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2020-2027"report has been added toResearchAndMarkets.com'soffering.Audio products often termed as transducers, facilitate the conversion of electric audio signals into sound waves. They enhance the volume and quality of the sound produced by utilizing speaker drivers, which boosts sound reproduction quality. Soundbar & home cinema, Hi-Fi or audio systems, radio, and smart speakers integrate the latest technologies such as virtual assistance, Bluetooth connectivity, integration of Wi-Fi, and portability. Speakers are constantly upgraded to enhance battery backup, portability, water resistance, Bluetooth, and Wi-fi connectivity. The major players in the speaker industry are inclined toward the development of new products complying with changes in consumer demands and to provide high-quality audio output.Products such as smart speakers, true wireless stereo (TWS), smart soundbars, and few portable speakers can work with virtual assistants, which function on artificial intelligent technologies. Virtual assistants such as Alexa by Amazon, Siri by Apple, Cortana by Microsoft, and Google Assistant by Alphabet, Inc. provide a user-friendly platform and can perform multiple functions from playing radio to integrating with home automation products. Virtual assistant technology developers constantly focus on upgrading the features of virtual assistant devices, which enable smart speakers to perform more functions. These rapid advancements promote the demand for speakers with AI virtual assistant technologies, thereby boosting the growth of the audio product's market. Moreover, batteries are an integral part of portable speakers and wireless audio products. Development in battery technologies aid in enhancing product quality as well as reducing the price of the overall product.Portable speakers majorly include rechargeable lithium-ion batteries with an average battery backup of up to eight hours. However, with advancements in battery technologies, major players in the industry are focused on developing high-end products with superior battery life. These battery-related product upgrades foster the demand for portable speakers and wireless audio products, which propels the growth of the European audio products market.However, artificial technologies, such as voice assistants, capture data for analysis and render it into information. This data is stored on cloud storage, which is prone to cyberattacks and creates a threat of data thefts. Such instances hinder the adoption of smart speakers, which hampers the market growth. In addition, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has directly impacted the audio product's market. This is attributed to the fact that the pandemic originated in China and China being the largest exporter of electronic goods globally, production and sale of audio products were directly impacted. Furthermore, due to the lockdown imposed by the Chinese Government, the production of electronics components was halted. To maintain social distancing, unavailability of workforce further delayed the production of audio products, thereby hampering the growth of the market.The European audio products market is segmented into type, technology, distribution channel, and country. By type, the market is categorized into soundbar & home cinema, Hi-Fi or audio systems, radio, and speakers. Depending on the technology, it is segregated into Dolby Atmos; DTS-X; DTS Play-Fi; built-in Google, Siri, or Alexa; multiroom; and others. On the basis of the distribution channel, it is fragmented into specialty electronic stores, e-commerce, hypermarkets, and others. Country wise, it is classified into Germany, the UK, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, and rest of Europe.The key market players profiled in the report include Samsung Electronics Co., LTD, Sonos, Inc., Blaupunkt GMBH, Bose Corporation, Koninklijke Philips N. V., Sony Corporation, LG, Alphabet Inc., Amazon, Inc., and Panasonic.Key BenefitsThe report provides a quantitative analysis of the current market trends, estimations, and dynamics of the market size from 2020 to 2027 to identify the prevailing market opportunities. The key countries in all the major regions are mapped on the basis of audio products market share. Porter's five forces analysis highlights the potency of buyers and suppliers to enable stakeholders to make profit-oriented business decisions and strengthen their supplier-buyer network. In-depth analysis and market size and segmentation assist to determine the prevailing market opportunities. Market player positioning segment facilitates benchmarking and provides a clear understanding of the present position of the market players. The audio products market report includes the market analysis at the country level, key players, market segment, application areas, and growth strategies. Competitive intelligence of the industry highlights the business practices followed by key players across European region and the prevailing market opportunities.Key Topics Covered:Chapter 1: Introduction1.1. Report Description1.2. Key Benefits for Stakeholders1.3. Key Market Segments1.4. Research Methodology1.4.1. Primary Research1.4.2. Secondary Research1.4.3. Analyst Tools and ModelsChapter 2: Executive Summary2.1. Key Findings of the Study2.2. CXO PerspectiveChapter 3: Market Overview3.1. Market Definition and Scope3.2. Key Findings3.2.1. Top Investment Pockets3.3. Porter'S Five Forces Analysis3.4. Market Share Analysis/Top Player Positioning 20193.4.1. Share Analysis in Europe Audio Products Market, 2019 (%)3.5. Market Dynamics3.5.1. Drivers3.5.1.1. Surge in Demand for Wireless Audio Devices3.5.1.2. Increase in Demand for Smart Speakers3.5.2. Restraints3.5.2.1. Government Regulation for Audio Products Market3.5.2.2. Data Privacy and Security Concerns3.5.3. Opportunity3.5.3.1. Expansion of Online Sales Channel3.6. Pricing Analysis, 2019 ($)3.7. Value Chain Analysis3.8. Hitlists by Territory (Top Selling Models)3.8.1. Audio Products Top Selling Models: Germany3.8.2. Audio Products Top Selling Models: UK3.8.3. Audio Products Top Selling Models: Spain3.8.4. Audio Products Top Selling Models: Italy3.8.5. Audio Products Top Selling Models: Poland3.9. Covid-19 Impact AnalysisChapter 4: Europe Audio Products Market, by Type4.1. Overview4.1.1. Market Size and Forecast4.2. Soundbar & Home Cinema4.2.1. Overview4.2.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities4.2.3. Market Size and Forecast4.3. Hi-Fi or Audio Systems4.3.1. Overview4.3.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities4.3.3. Market Size and Forecast4.4. Radio4.4.1. Overview4.4.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities4.4.3. Market Size and Forecast4.5. Speakers4.5.1. Overview4.5.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities4.5.3. Market Size and ForecastChapter 5: Europe Audio Products Market, by Technology5.1. Overview5.1.1. Market Size and Forecast5.2. Dolby Atmos5.2.1. Overview5.2.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.2.3. Market Size and Forecast5.3. Dts-X5.3.1. Overview5.3.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.3.3. Market Size and Forecast5.4. Dts Play-Fi5.4.1. Overview5.4.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.4.3. Market Size and Forecast5.5. Built-in Google, Siri, or Alexa5.5.1. Overview5.5.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.5.3. Market Size and Forecast5.6. Multiroom5.6.1. Overview5.6.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.6.3. Market Size and Forecast5.7. Others5.7.1. Overview'5.7.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.7.3. Market Size and ForecastChapter 6: Europe Audio Products Market, by Distribution Channel6.1. Overview6.1.1. Market Size and Forecast6.2. Specialty Electronic Stores6.2.1. Overview6.2.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities6.2.3. Market Size and Forecast6.3. E-Commerce6.3.1. Overview6.3.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities6.3.3. Market Size and Forecast6.4. Hypermarkets6.4.1. Overview6.4.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities6.4.3. Market Size and Forecast6.5. Others6.5.1. Overview6.5.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities6.5.3. Market Size and ForecastChapter 7: Europe Audio Products Market, by Country7.1. Overview7.1.1. Market Size and Forecast7.1.1.1. Germany7.1.1.2. UK7.1.1.3. France7.1.1.4. Italy7.1.1.5. Spain7.1.1.6. Poland7.1.1.7. Rest of EuropeChapter 8: Competition Landscape8.1. Top Winning Strategies8.2. Product Mapping8.3. Competitive Dashboard8.4. Competitive Heat Map8.5. Key Developments8.5.1. Acquisition8.5.2. Agreement8.5.3. Business Expansion8.5.4. Collaboration8.5.5. Partnership8.5.6. Product LaunchChapter 9: Company Profiles9.1. Alphabet, Inc.9.1.1. Company Overview9.1.2. Key Executive9.1.3. Company Snapshot9.1.4. Operating Business Segments9.1.5. Product Portfolio9.1.6. R&D Expenditure9.1.7. Business Performance9.1.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.2. Amazon, Inc.9.2.1. Company Overview9.2.2. Key Executive9.2.3. Company Snapshot9.2.4. Operating Business Segments9.2.5. Product Portfolio9.2.6. Business Performance9.2.7. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.3. Blaupunkt International GmbH & Co Kg9.3.1. Company Overview9.3.2. Key Executive9.3.3. Company Snapshot9.3.4. Product Portfolio9.4. Bose Corporation9.4.1. Company Overview9.4.2. Key Executive9.4.3. Company Snapshot9.4.4. Product Portfolio9.5. B&W Group Ltd9.5.1. Company Overview9.5.2. Key Executive9.5.3. Company Snapshot9.5.4. Product Portfolio9.6. Koninklijke Philips N. V.9.6.1. Company Overview9.6.2. Key Executive9.6.3. Company Snapshot9.6.4. Operating Business Segments9.6.5. Product Portfolio9.6.6. R&D Expenditure9.6.7. Business Performance9.6.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.7. LG Electronics9.7.1. Company Overview9.7.2. Key Executive9.7.3. Company Snapshot9.7.4. Operating Business Segments9.7.5. Product Portfolio9.7.6. Business Performance9.7.7. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.8. Panasonic Corporation9.8.1. Company Overview9.8.2. Key Executive9.8.3. Company Snapshot9.8.4. Operating Business Segments9.8.5. Product Portfolio9.8.6. R&D Expenditure9.8.7. Business Performance9.8.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.9. Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.9.9.1. Company Overview9.9.2. Key Executive9.9.3. Company Snapshot9.9.4. Operating Business Segments9.9.5. Product Portfolio9.9.6. R&D Expenditure9.9.7. Business Performance9.9.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.10. Sonos, Inc.9.10.1. Company Overview9.10.2. Key Executive9.10.3. Company Snapshot9.10.4. Product Portfolio9.10.5. R&D Expenditure9.10.6. Business Performance9.10.7. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.11. Sony Corporation9.11.1. Company Overview9.11.2. Key Executive9.11.3. Company Snapshot9.11.4. Operating Business Segments9.11.5. Product Portfolio9.11.6. R&D Expenditure9.11.7. Business Performance9.11.8. Key Strategic Moves and DevelopmentsFor more information about this report visithttps://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/o7dhjfResearch and Markets also offersCustom Researchservices providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.Media Contact:Research and MarketsLaura Wood, Senior Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/european-industry-for-audio-products-to-2027---expansion-of-online-sales-channels-presents-opportunities-301207487.htmlSOURCE Research and MarketsLoad-Date: January 13, 2021End of Document

Europe Audio Products Market (2020 to 2027) - by Type, Technology, and Distribution Channel - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireJanuary 12, 2021 Tuesday 4:43 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 926 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "Europe Audio Products Market by Type, Technology, and Distribution Channel: Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2020-2027" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.Audio products often termed as transducers, facilitate the conversion of electric audio signals into sound waves. They enhance the volume and quality of the sound produced by utilizing speaker drivers, which boosts sound reproduction quality. Soundbar & home cinema, Hi-Fi or audio systems, radio, and smart speakers integrate the latest technologies such as virtual assistance, Bluetooth connectivity, integration of Wi-Fi, and portability. Speakers are constantly upgraded to enhance battery backup, portability, water resistance, Bluetooth, and Wi-fi connectivity. The major players in the speaker industry are inclined toward the development of new products complying with changes in consumer demands and to provide high-quality audio output.Products such as smart speakers, true wireless stereo (TWS), smart soundbars, and few portable speakers can work with virtual assistants, which function on artificial intelligent technologies. Virtual assistants such as Alexa by Amazon, Siri by Apple, Cortana by Microsoft, and Google Assistant by Alphabet, Inc. provide a user-friendly platform and can perform multiple functions from playing radio to integrating with home automation products. Virtual assistant technology developers constantly focus on upgrading the features of virtual assistant devices, which enable smart speakers to perform more functions. These rapid advancements promote the demand for speakers with AI virtual assistant technologies, thereby boosting the growth of the audio product's market. Moreover, batteries are an integral part of portable speakers and wireless audio products. Development in battery technologies aid in enhancing product quality as well as reducing the price of the overall product.Portable speakers majorly include rechargeable lithium-ion batteries with an average battery backup of up to eight hours. However, with advancements in battery technologies, major players in the industry are focused on developing high-end products with superior battery life. These battery-related product upgrades foster the demand for portable speakers and wireless audio products, which propels the growth of the European audio products market.However, artificial technologies, such as voice assistants, capture data for analysis and render it into information. This data is stored on cloud storage, which is prone to cyberattacks and creates a threat of data thefts. Such instances hinder the adoption of smart speakers, which hampers the market growth. In addition, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has directly impacted the audio product's market. This is attributed to the fact that the pandemic originated in China and China being the largest exporter of electronic goods globally, production and sale of audio products were directly impacted. Furthermore, due to the lockdown imposed by the Chinese Government, the production of electronics components was halted. To maintain social distancing, unavailability of workforce further delayed the production of audio products, thereby hampering the growth of the market.The European audio products market is segmented into type, technology, distribution channel, and country. By type, the market is categorized into soundbar & home cinema, Hi-Fi or audio systems, radio, and speakers. Depending on the technology, it is segregated into Dolby Atmos; DTS-X; DTS Play-Fi; built-in Google, Siri, or Alexa; multiroom; and others. On the basis of the distribution channel, it is fragmented into specialty electronic stores, e-commerce, hypermarkets, and others. Country wise, it is classified into Germany, the UK, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, and rest of Europe.Key Benefits• The report provides a quantitative analysis of the current market trends, estimations, and dynamics of the market size from 2020 to 2027 to identify the prevailing market opportunities.• The key countries in all the major regions are mapped on the basis of audio products market share.• Porter's five forces analysis highlights the potency of buyers and suppliers to enable stakeholders to make profit-oriented business decisions and strengthen their supplier-buyer network.• In-depth analysis and market size and segmentation assist to determine the prevailing market opportunities.• Market player positioning segment facilitates benchmarking and provides a clear understanding of the present position of the market players.• The audio products market report includes the market analysis at the country level, key players, market segment, application areas, and growth strategies.• Competitive intelligence of the industry highlights the business practices followed by key players across European region and the prevailing market opportunities.Market DynamicsDrivers• Surge in Demand for Wireless Audio Devices• Increase in Demand for Smart SpeakersRestraints• Government Regulation for Audio Products Market• Data Privacy and Security ConcernsOpportunity• Expansion of Online Sales ChannelCompanies Profiled• Alphabet, Inc.• Amazon, Inc.• Blaupunkt International GmbH & Co Kg• Bose Corporation• B&W Group Ltd• Koninklijke Philips N. V.• LG Electronics• Panasonic Corporation• Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.• Sonos, Inc.• Sony CorporationFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/mm13n8View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210112005843/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: January 12, 2021End of Document

Outlook on the Audio Products European Market to 2027 - Key Opportunity Analysis and Industry ForecastGlobeNewswireJanuary 12, 2021 Tuesday 5:33 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1887 wordsBodyDublin, Jan.  12, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Europe Audio Products Market by Type, Technology, and Distribution Channel: Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2020-2027" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.  Audio products often termed as transducers, facilitate the conversion of electric audio signals into sound waves. They enhance the volume and quality of the sound produced by utilizing speaker drivers, which boosts sound reproduction quality. Soundbar & home cinema, Hi-Fi or audio systems, radio, and smart speakers integrate the latest technologies such as virtual assistance, Bluetooth connectivity, integration of Wi-Fi, and portability. Speakers are constantly upgraded to enhance battery backup, portability, water resistance, Bluetooth, and Wi-fi connectivity. The major players in the speaker industry are inclined toward the development of new products complying with changes in consumer demands and to provide high-quality audio output.Products such as smart speakers, true wireless stereo (TWS), smart soundbars, and few portable speakers can work with virtual assistants, which function on artificial intelligent technologies. Virtual assistants such as Alexa by Amazon, Siri by Apple, Cortana by Microsoft, and Google Assistant by Alphabet, Inc. provide a user-friendly platform and can perform multiple functions from playing radio to integrating with home automation products. Virtual assistant technology developers constantly focus on upgrading the features of virtual assistant devices, which enable smart speakers to perform more functions. These rapid advancements promote the demand for speakers with AI virtual assistant technologies, thereby boosting the growth of the audio product's market. Moreover, batteries are an integral part of portable speakers and wireless audio products. Development in battery technologies aid in enhancing product quality as well as reducing the price of the overall product.Portable speakers majorly include rechargeable lithium-ion batteries with an average battery backup of up to eight hours. However, with advancements in battery technologies, major players in the industry are focused on developing high-end products with superior battery life. These battery-related product upgrades foster the demand for portable speakers and wireless audio products, which propels the growth of the European audio products market.However, artificial technologies, such as voice assistants, capture data for analysis and render it into information. This data is stored on cloud storage, which is prone to cyberattacks and creates a threat of data thefts. Such instances hinder the adoption of smart speakers, which hampers the market growth. In addition, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has directly impacted the audio product's market. This is attributed to the fact that the pandemic originated in China and China being the largest exporter of electronic goods globally, production and sale of audio products were directly impacted. Furthermore, due to the lockdown imposed by the Chinese Government, the production of electronics components was halted. To maintain social distancing, unavailability of workforce further delayed the production of audio products, thereby hampering the growth of the market.The European audio products market is segmented into type, technology, distribution channel, and country. By type, the market is categorized into soundbar & home cinema, Hi-Fi or audio systems, radio, and speakers. Depending on the technology, it is segregated into Dolby Atmos; DTS-X; DTS Play-Fi; built-in Google, Siri, or Alexa; multiroom; and others. On the basis of the distribution channel, it is fragmented into specialty electronic stores, e-commerce, hypermarkets, and others. Country wise, it is classified into Germany, the UK, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, and rest of Europe.The key market players profiled in the report include Samsung Electronics Co., LTD, Sonos, Inc., Blaupunkt GMBH, Bose Corporation, Koninklijke Philips N. V., Sony Corporation, LG, Alphabet Inc., Amazon, Inc., and Panasonic.Key Benefits• The report provides a quantitative analysis of the current market trends, estimations, and dynamics of the market size from 2020 to 2027 to identify the prevailing market opportunities.• The key countries in all the major regions are mapped on the basis of audio products market share.• Porter's five forces analysis highlights the potency of buyers and suppliers to enable stakeholders to make profit-oriented business decisions and strengthen their supplier-buyer network.• In-depth analysis and market size and segmentation assist to determine the prevailing market opportunities.• Market player positioning segment facilitates benchmarking and provides a clear understanding of the present position of the market players.• The audio products market report includes the market analysis at the country level, key players, market segment, application areas, and growth strategies.• Competitive intelligence of the industry highlights the business practices followed by key players across European region and the prevailing market opportunities.Key Topics Covered:  Chapter 1: Introduction1.1. Report Description1.2. Key Benefits for Stakeholders1.3. Key Market Segments1.4. Research Methodology1.4.1. Primary Research1.4.2. Secondary Research1.4.3. Analyst Tools and ModelsChapter 2: Executive Summary2.1. Key Findings of the Study2.2. CXO PerspectiveChapter 3: Market Overview3.1. Market Definition and Scope3.2. Key Findings3.2.1. Top Investment Pockets3.3. Porter'S Five Forces Analysis3.4. Market Share Analysis/Top Player Positioning 20193.4.1. Share Analysis in Europe Audio Products Market, 2019 (%)3.5. Market Dynamics3.5.1. Drivers3.5.1.1. Surge in Demand for Wireless Audio Devices3.5.1.2. Increase in Demand for Smart Speakers3.5.2. Restraints3.5.2.1. Government Regulation for Audio Products Market3.5.2.2. Data Privacy and Security Concerns3.5.3. Opportunity3.5.3.1. Expansion of Online Sales Channel3.6. Pricing Analysis, 2019 ($)3.7. Value Chain Analysis3.8. Hitlists by Territory (Top Selling Models)3.8.1. Audio Products Top Selling Models: Germany3.8.2. Audio Products Top Selling Models: UK3.8.3. Audio Products Top Selling Models: Spain3.8.4. Audio Products Top Selling Models: Italy3.8.5. Audio Products Top Selling Models: Poland3.9. Covid-19 Impact AnalysisChapter 4: Europe Audio Products Market, by Type4.1. Overview4.1.1. Market Size and Forecast4.2. Soundbar & Home Cinema4.2.1. Overview4.2.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities4.2.3. Market Size and Forecast4.3. Hi-Fi or Audio Systems4.3.1. Overview4.3.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities4.3.3. Market Size and Forecast4.4. Radio4.4.1. Overview4.4.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities4.4.3. Market Size and Forecast4.5. Speakers4.5.1. Overview4.5.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities4.5.3. Market Size and ForecastChapter 5: Europe Audio Products Market, by Technology5.1. Overview5.1.1. Market Size and Forecast5.2. Dolby Atmos5.2.1. Overview5.2.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.2.3. Market Size and Forecast5.3. Dts-X5.3.1. Overview5.3.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.3.3. Market Size and Forecast5.4. Dts Play-Fi5.4.1. Overview5.4.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.4.3. Market Size and Forecast5.5. Built-in Google, Siri, or Alexa5.5.1. Overview5.5.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.5.3. Market Size and Forecast5.6. Multiroom5.6.1. Overview5.6.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.6.3. Market Size and Forecast5.7. Others5.7.1. Overview'5.7.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities5.7.3. Market Size and ForecastChapter 6: Europe Audio Products Market, by Distribution Channel6.1. Overview6.1.1. Market Size and Forecast6.2. Specialty Electronic Stores6.2.1. Overview6.2.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities6.2.3. Market Size and Forecast6.3. E-Commerce6.3.1. Overview6.3.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities6.3.3. Market Size and Forecast6.4. Hypermarkets6.4.1. Overview6.4.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities6.4.3. Market Size and Forecast6.5. Others6.5.1. Overview6.5.2. Key Market Trends, Growth Factors, and Opportunities6.5.3. Market Size and ForecastChapter 7: Europe Audio Products Market, by Country7.1. Overview7.1.1. Market Size and Forecast7.1.1.1. Germany7.1.1.2. UK7.1.1.3. France7.1.1.4. Italy7.1.1.5. Spain7.1.1.6. Poland7.1.1.7. Rest of EuropeChapter 8: Competition Landscape8.1. Top Winning Strategies8.2. Product Mapping8.3. Competitive Dashboard8.4. Competitive Heat Map8.5. Key Developments8.5.1. Acquisition8.5.2. Agreement8.5.3. Business Expansion8.5.4. Collaboration8.5.5. Partnership8.5.6. Product LaunchChapter 9: Company Profiles9.1. Alphabet, Inc.9.1.1. Company Overview9.1.2. Key Executive9.1.3. Company Snapshot9.1.4. Operating Business Segments9.1.5. Product Portfolio9.1.6. R&D Expenditure9.1.7. Business Performance9.1.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.2. Amazon, Inc.9.2.1. Company Overview9.2.2. Key Executive9.2.3. Company Snapshot9.2.4. Operating Business Segments9.2.5. Product Portfolio9.2.6. Business Performance9.2.7. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.3. Blaupunkt International GmbH & Co Kg9.3.1. Company Overview9.3.2. Key Executive9.3.3. Company Snapshot9.3.4. Product Portfolio9.4. Bose Corporation9.4.1. Company Overview9.4.2. Key Executive9.4.3. Company Snapshot9.4.4. Product Portfolio9.5. B&W Group Ltd9.5.1. Company Overview9.5.2. Key Executive9.5.3. Company Snapshot9.5.4. Product Portfolio9.6. Koninklijke Philips N. V.9.6.1. Company Overview9.6.2. Key Executive9.6.3. Company Snapshot9.6.4. Operating Business Segments9.6.5. Product Portfolio9.6.6. R&D Expenditure9.6.7. Business Performance9.6.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.7. LG Electronics9.7.1. Company Overview9.7.2. Key Executive9.7.3. Company Snapshot9.7.4. Operating Business Segments9.7.5. Product Portfolio9.7.6. Business Performance9.7.7. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.8. Panasonic Corporation9.8.1. Company Overview9.8.2. Key Executive9.8.3. Company Snapshot9.8.4. Operating Business Segments9.8.5. Product Portfolio9.8.6. R&D Expenditure9.8.7. Business Performance9.8.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.9. Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.9.9.1. Company Overview9.9.2. Key Executive9.9.3. Company Snapshot9.9.4. Operating Business Segments9.9.5. Product Portfolio9.9.6. R&D Expenditure9.9.7. Business Performance9.9.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.10. Sonos, Inc.9.10.1. Company Overview9.10.2. Key Executive9.10.3. Company Snapshot9.10.4. Product Portfolio9.10.5. R&D Expenditure9.10.6. Business Performance9.10.7. Key Strategic Moves and Developments9.11. Sony Corporation9.11.1. Company Overview9.11.2. Key Executive9.11.3. Company Snapshot9.11.4. Operating Business Segments9.11.5. Product Portfolio9.11.6. R&D Expenditure9.11.7. Business Performance9.11.8. Key Strategic Moves and Developments For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/78rnzr Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research. CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Load-Date: January 12, 2021End of Document

Podcast deals with the effects of Brazilian foreign policy on the acquisition of vaccinesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 25, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 260 wordsBodyThe delay in sending vaccines and insums by India and China to Brazil has shed light on the effects that foreign policy has on the lives of Brazilians.On Friday (22), 2 million doses of the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine produced in India arrived in the country. Despite the amount received, the impoundment of the IFA (Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient) load by the Chinese government threatens the manufacture of new doses of the immunizer by Fiocruz, as well as that of the Coronavac vaccine by the Butantan Institute.The impasses affect the vaccination schedule at a critical time in pandemic management. This caused different actors of the Bolsonaro government to take the field — and even from outside it — to act diplomatically.To talk about the influence of foreign policy on the problems faced by Brazil, the Breakfast on Monday (25) interviews the columnist of Folha and researcher of the Brazilian Center for Analysis and Planning, Mathias Alencastro.The audio program is published on Spotify, Folha's partner streaming service in the initiative and which specializes in music, podcast and video. You can listen to the episode by clicking below. To access in the app just register for free.Listen to the episode:Breakfast is published monday to Friday, always at the beginning of the day. The episode is presented by journalists Jessica Maes and Magê Flores, produced by Bianka Vieira, Laila Mouallem and Victor Lacombe. The sound edition is by Thomé Granemann and Natália Silva.                                               Breakfast Podcast - Play       Load-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

$9 Billion Worldwide Conveyor Systems Industry to 2025 - Impact of COVID-19 on the MarketPR NewswireJanuary 27, 2021 Wednesday 1:45 PM ESTCopyright 2021 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1585 wordsDateline: DUBLIN, Jan. 27, 2021 BodyPR NewswireThe"Conveyor Systems - Global Market Trajectory & Analytics"report has been added toResearchAndMarkets.com'soffering.The global market for Conveyor System is projected to reach US$9 billion by 2025, driven by the strong focus shed on automation and production efficiency in the era of smart factory and industry 4.0. Automating labor intensive operations is the starting point for automation, and as the most labor intensive process in manufacturing and warehousing, material handling is at the bottom of the automation pyramid. Defined as the movement of products and materials throughout the manufacturing process, material handling is labor intensive and expensive. Benefits of automating material handling include reduced human role in unproductive, repetitive and labor intensive tasks and the ensuing freeing up of resources for other core activities; greater throughput capability; better space utilization; increased production control; inventory control; improved stock rotation; reduced operation cost; improved worker safety; reduced losses from damage; and reduction in handling costs.Benefiting from increased investments in factory automation are conveyor systems, the workhorse of every processing and manufacturing plant. Technology innovation remains crucial to growth in the market. Few of the noteworthy innovations include use of direct drive motors that eliminate gears and helps engineer simplified and compact models; active conveyor belt systems perfected for efficient positioning of load; smart conveyors with advanced motion control technology; development of vacuum conveyors for fragile products that need to be placed securely; backlit conveyor belts for improved assembly line productivity and lower error rate; flexible (adjustable-width) conveyors that can accommodate different shaped and sized objects; energy efficient designs with smarter motors and controllers.Object detection on a conveyor belt such as food-grade metal-detectable belt or magnetic conveyor belt is a huge revenue generating innovation targeted at the food end-use industry which helps identify metal contaminants in food as it travels along the processing stages. Among the application areas, manufacturing, processing, logistics and warehousing are major end-use markets. Airports are emerging as a new end-use opportunity with growing passenger traffic and increased need to reduce baggage check-in time resulting in increased deployment of baggage conveying systems.The United States and Europe represent large markets worldwide with a combined share of 56%. China ranks as the fastest growing market with a 6.5% CAGR over the analysis period supported by the Made in China (MIC) 2025 initiative that aims to bring the country's massive manufacturing and production sector into the forefront of global technology competitiveness. Inspired by Germany's "Industry 4.0", MIC 2025 will enhance adoption of automation, digital and IoT technologies. Faced with new and changing economic forces, the Chinese government through this initiative is stepping up investments in cutting edge robotics, automation and digital IT technologies to competitively integrate into the global manufacturing chain dominated by industrialized economies such as EU, Germany and the United States and move from being a low cost competitor to a direct added-value competitor. The scenario bodes well for the adoption of conveyor systems in the country.Competitors identified in this market include, among others:Allied Conveyor Systems, Inc. BEUMER Group GmbH & Co. KG Caterpillar, Inc. Daifuku Co., Ltd. Dematic Group Dorner Mfg. Corp. Durr AG Dynamic Conveyor Corporation Eisenmann AG Emerson Electric Co. Fives Group Flexlink AB Honeywell Intelligrated Hytrol Conveyor Co., Inc. Interroll Group Kardex AG Mahindra Tsubaki Conveyor Systems (MTC) Pvt. Ltd. Murata Machinery, Ltd. SSI Schaefer - Fritz Schaefer GmbH Swisslog Holding AG Vanderlande Industries B. V.Key Topics Covered:I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & REPORT SCOPEII. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY1. MARKET OVERVIEWMaterial Handling Equipment: An Introduction Percentage Breakdown of Global Material Handling Equipment Market by Segment (2019E, 2021F and 2023F) Percentage Breakdown of Global Material Handling Equipment Market by Region (2019E, 2021F and 2023F) Conveying Equipment and Conveyor System: A Prelude Types of Conveyors Overhead Conveyor Floor Conveyor Roller Conveyor Pallet Conveyor Crescent Conveyor Belt Conveyor Other Types of Conveyor System Major Uses and Applications Energy Cost: Critical Component of a Conveyor Equipment End-Use Industry Overview Global Economic Outlook Global Economic Outlook: Real GDP Growth Rates in % by Country/Region for the Years 2017 through 2020 Global Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for the Years 2012 through 2019 Conveyor System: Market Overview Belt Conveyors: The Most Dominant Segment Type Warehouse & Distribution and Food & Beverage: Leading End Markets Europe: The Largest Geographic Region Asian Economies Led by China to Spearhead Future Growth Competition Global Competitor Market Shares Conveyor System Competitor Market Share Scenario Worldwide (in %): 2019 Impact of Covid-19 and a Looming Global Recession2. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS3. MARKET TRENDS & DRIVERSConveyor Systems Market Growing with Demand Emanating from Conventional and Niche Application Markets Manufacturing and Packaging Transportation and Logistics Merchandising Factors Influencing Demand for Conveyors Need for Secure Environment in Industries Drive Large Scale Installation of Conveyor Systems Integration of Warehouse Management Technologies with Material Handling Equipment Need of the Hour Distribution Logistics Simplify Outbound Movement of Products Omnichannel Commerce Creates a Paradigm Shift Motorized Roller Conveyor Technology Improves Supply Chain Excellence Demand for Automated MHE with Conveyor Systems on the Rise Growing Importance of Automation & Technology Drive Conveyor System Usage in Food & Beverage Industry Global Sales of Processed Foods in US$ Billion for Years 2014, 2016, 2018 and 2020 Rising Demand for Processed Meat: Major Growth Driver for Conveyor System Dairy Products: Churning Out New Opportunities for Conveyor System Global Production of Butter, Cheese, Skim Milk Powder, and Whole Milk Powder (in Kilo Tons) by Developed and Developing Countries for 2017 and 2026 Strong Demand for Beverages Spurs Growth Global Beverage Market (2019): Percentage Breakdown of Sales by Beverage Type - Beer, Carbonated Soft Drinks, Coffee, Fruit & Vegetable Juices, Milk, Packaged Water, Tea and Others Ensuring Sanitation of Belt Conveyors Key to Long Term Reliability Automotive Industry: Shifting Gears to Automated Systems Strengthening Automobile Production Fuels Demand for Conveyor Systems Global Passenger Cars Production (In Million Units) by Geographic Region/Country for the Years 2017, 2019, 2022 Steady Production of Consumer Electronics Drives Demand for Automated Conveyors Growth in Conveyor Belt Market Driven by Metallurgy and Mining Industry Belt Conveyors Score over Trucking in Long Distance Scenarios Surging Demand for Air Travel Drives Need for New Airports and Infrastructure Modernization Global Air Traffic Demand: Number of Air Passengers in Billion for the Years 2011 to 2025F Baggage Conveyor Systems Critical for Operational Efficiencies at Airports Smart Airports: Opportunity for Growth Global Smart Airports Market: Annual Spending Figures in US$ Million by Geographic Region for the Years 2018 and 2024 Industrial Equipment/Machinery Manufacturing Industry Promises Bright Prospects Global Construction Equipment Market: Revenues in US$ Billion for the Years 2019, 2021, 2023 and 2025 Global Mining Equipment Market: Revenues in US$ Billion for the Years 2019, 2021, 2023 and 2025 Conveyor Belts and Industrial IoT Applications Global Market for Factory Automation: Revenues in US$ Billion for the Years 2017, 2019E and 2023F Smart Monitoring through Intelligent Conveyor Systems Demand Goes Strong for Smart Conveyor Equipment Modular Designed Conveyor Systems Add Versatility Pallet Conveyors Efficiently Transport Discreet Products Automated Conveyor Systems: Indispensable for Quality Services Growing e-Commerce Impacts Automated Conveyor Systems Pallet Conveyors Find Suitability in Automated Applications Latest Design Trends in Conveyor Systems Select Conveyor Technologies: Delivering Improved Performance in Industrial Settings Direct Drive Smart Conveyor Active Conveyor Belt Technology Flexible Purpose Conveyors Compact Design Conveyors Upgrading Gravity Roller Conveyor to Motorized Roller Conveyor Automated Conveyors Preferred Over Chain Conveyors for Smooth and Quiet Operation Challenges in Maintenance of Conveyor Belts Material Handling Industry: Common Conveyor Belt Problems and Solutions4. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVEIII. MARKET ANALYSISIV. COMPETITIONTotal Companies Profiled: 81For more information about this report visithttps://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/hhj776Media Contact:Research and MarketsLaura Wood, Senior Managerpress@researchandmarkets.com   For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900U.S. Fax: 646-607-1904Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/9-billion-worldwide-conveyor-systems-industry-to-2025---impact-of-covid-19-on-the-market-301216245.htmlSOURCE Research and MarketsLoad-Date: January 27, 2021End of Document

Insights on the Conveyor Systems Global Market to 2025 - Featuring Caterpillar, Daifuku and Dematic Among OthersGlobeNewswireJanuary 26, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1516 wordsBodyDublin, Jan.  26, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Conveyor Systems - Global Market Trajectory & Analytics" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.   The global market for Conveyor System is projected to reach US$9 billion by 2025, driven by the strong focus shed on automation and production efficiency in the era of smart factory and industry 4.0. Automating labor intensive operations is the starting point for automation, and as the most labor intensive process in manufacturing and warehousing, material handling is at the bottom of the automation pyramid. Defined as the movement of products and materials throughout the manufacturing process, material handling is labor intensive and expensive. Benefits of automating material handling include reduced human role in unproductive, repetitive and labor intensive tasks and the ensuing freeing up of resources for other core activities; greater throughput capability; better space utilization; increased production control; inventory control; improved stock rotation; reduced operation cost; improved worker safety; reduced losses from damage; and reduction in handling costs.Benefiting from increased investments in factory automation are conveyor systems, the workhorse of every processing and manufacturing plant. Technology innovation remains crucial to growth in the market. Few of the noteworthy innovations include use of direct drive motors that eliminate gears and helps engineer simplified and compact models; active conveyor belt systems perfected for efficient positioning of load; smart conveyors with advanced motion control technology; development of vacuum conveyors for fragile products that need to be placed securely; backlit conveyor belts for improved assembly line productivity and lower error rate; flexible (adjustable-width) conveyors that can accommodate different shaped and sized objects; energy efficient designs with smarter motors and controllers. Object detection on a conveyor belt such as food-grade metal-detectable belt or magnetic conveyor belt is a huge revenue generating innovation targeted at the food end-use industry which helps identify metal contaminants in food as it travels along the processing stages. Among the application areas, manufacturing, processing, logistics and warehousing are major end-use markets. Airports are emerging as a new end-use opportunity with growing passenger traffic and increased need to reduce baggage check-in time resulting in increased deployment of baggage conveying systems. The United States and Europe represent large markets worldwide with a combined share of 56%. China ranks as the fastest growing market with a 6.5% CAGR over the analysis period supported by the Made in China (MIC) 2025 initiative that aims to bring the country's massive manufacturing and production sector into the forefront of global technology competitiveness. Inspired by Germany's "Industry 4.0", MIC 2025 will enhance adoption of automation, digital and IoT technologies. Faced with new and changing economic forces, the Chinese government through this initiative is stepping up investments in cutting edge robotics, automation and digital IT technologies to competitively integrate into the global manufacturing chain dominated by industrialized economies such as EU, Germany and the United States and move from being a low cost competitor to a direct added-value competitor. The scenario bodes well for the adoption of conveyor systems in the country.Competitors identified in this market include, among others: • Allied Conveyor Systems, Inc.• BEUMER Group GmbH & Co. KG• Caterpillar, Inc.• Daifuku Co., Ltd.• Dematic Group• Dorner Mfg. Corp.• Durr AG• Dynamic Conveyor Corporation• Eisenmann AG• Emerson Electric Co.• Fives Group• Flexlink AB• Honeywell Intelligrated• Hytrol Conveyor Co., Inc.• Interroll Group• Kardex AG• Mahindra Tsubaki Conveyor Systems (MTC) Pvt. Ltd.• Murata Machinery, Ltd.• SSI Schaefer - Fritz Schaefer GmbH• Swisslog Holding AG• Vanderlande Industries B. V.Key Topics Covered:   I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & REPORT SCOPEII. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY1. MARKET OVERVIEW • Material Handling Equipment: An Introduction• Percentage Breakdown of Global Material Handling Equipment Market by Segment (2019E, 2021F and 2023F)• Percentage Breakdown of Global Material Handling Equipment Market by Region (2019E, 2021F and 2023F)• Conveying Equipment and Conveyor System: A Prelude• Types of Conveyors• Overhead Conveyor• Floor Conveyor• Roller Conveyor• Pallet Conveyor• Crescent Conveyor• Belt Conveyor• Other Types of Conveyor System• Major Uses and Applications• Energy Cost: Critical Component of a Conveyor Equipment• End-Use Industry Overview• Global Economic Outlook• Global Economic Outlook: Real GDP Growth Rates in % by Country/Region for the Years 2017 through 2020• Global Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for the Years 2012 through 2019• Conveyor System: Market Overview• Belt Conveyors: The Most Dominant Segment Type• Warehouse & Distribution and Food & Beverage: Leading End Markets• Europe: The Largest Geographic Region• Asian Economies Led by China to Spearhead Future Growth• Competition• Global Competitor Market Shares• Conveyor System Competitor Market Share Scenario Worldwide (in %): 2019• Impact of Covid-19 and a Looming Global Recession2. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS3. MARKET TRENDS & DRIVERS • Conveyor Systems Market Growing with Demand Emanating from Conventional and Niche Application Markets• Manufacturing and Packaging• Transportation and Logistics• Merchandising• Factors Influencing Demand for Conveyors• Need for Secure Environment in Industries Drive Large Scale Installation of Conveyor Systems• Integration of Warehouse Management Technologies with Material Handling Equipment Need of the Hour• Distribution Logistics Simplify Outbound Movement of Products• Omnichannel Commerce Creates a Paradigm Shift• Motorized Roller Conveyor Technology Improves Supply Chain Excellence• Demand for Automated MHE with Conveyor Systems on the Rise• Growing Importance of Automation & Technology Drive Conveyor System Usage in Food & Beverage Industry• Global Sales of Processed Foods in US$ Billion for Years 2014, 2016, 2018 and 2020• Rising Demand for Processed Meat: Major Growth Driver for Conveyor System• Dairy Products: Churning Out New Opportunities for Conveyor System• Global Production of Butter, Cheese, Skim Milk Powder, and Whole Milk Powder (in Kilo Tons) by Developed and Developing Countries for 2017 and 2026• Strong Demand for Beverages Spurs Growth• Global Beverage Market (2019): Percentage Breakdown of Sales by Beverage Type - Beer, Carbonated Soft Drinks, Coffee, Fruit & Vegetable Juices, Milk, Packaged Water, Tea and Others• Ensuring Sanitation of Belt Conveyors Key to Long Term Reliability• Automotive Industry: Shifting Gears to Automated Systems• Strengthening Automobile Production Fuels Demand for Conveyor Systems• Global Passenger Cars Production (In Million Units) by Geographic Region/Country for the Years 2017, 2019, 2022• Steady Production of Consumer Electronics Drives Demand for Automated Conveyors• Growth in Conveyor Belt Market Driven by Metallurgy and Mining Industry• Belt Conveyors Score over Trucking in Long Distance Scenarios• Surging Demand for Air Travel Drives Need for New Airports and Infrastructure Modernization• Global Air Traffic Demand: Number of Air Passengers in Billion for the Years 2011 to 2025F• Baggage Conveyor Systems Critical for Operational Efficiencies at Airports• Smart Airports: Opportunity for Growth• Global Smart Airports Market: Annual Spending Figures in US$ Million by Geographic Region for the Years 2018 and 2024• Industrial Equipment/Machinery Manufacturing Industry Promises Bright Prospects• Global Construction Equipment Market: Revenues in US$ Billion for the Years 2019, 2021, 2023 and 2025• Global Mining Equipment Market: Revenues in US$ Billion for the Years 2019, 2021, 2023 and 2025• Conveyor Belts and Industrial IoT Applications• Global Market for Factory Automation: Revenues in US$ Billion for the Years 2017, 2019E and 2023F• Smart Monitoring through Intelligent Conveyor Systems• Demand Goes Strong for Smart Conveyor Equipment• Modular Designed Conveyor Systems Add Versatility• Pallet Conveyors Efficiently Transport Discreet Products• Automated Conveyor Systems: Indispensable for Quality Services• Growing e-Commerce Impacts Automated Conveyor Systems• Pallet Conveyors Find Suitability in Automated Applications• Latest Design Trends in Conveyor Systems• Select Conveyor Technologies: Delivering Improved Performance in Industrial Settings• Direct Drive• Smart Conveyor• Active Conveyor Belt Technology• Flexible Purpose Conveyors• Compact Design Conveyors• Upgrading Gravity Roller Conveyor to Motorized Roller Conveyor• Automated Conveyors Preferred Over Chain Conveyors for Smooth and Quiet Operation• Challenges in Maintenance of Conveyor Belts• Material Handling Industry: Common Conveyor Belt Problems and Solutions4. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVEIII. MARKET ANALYSISIV. COMPETITION • Total Companies Profiled: 81 For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/ixdni CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Load-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

Worldwide Drone Analytics Industry to 2025 - Asia-Pacific to Experience the Highest GrowthGlobeNewswireJanuary 20, 2021 Wednesday 7:18 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1295 wordsBodyDublin, Jan.  20, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Drone Analytics Market - Growth, Trends, and Forecast (2020 - 2025)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.   The Drone Analytics Market is anticipated to register a CAGR of over 15% during the forecast period.Drones have redefined and enhanced the productivity of numerous industries within a short period. Drones have been deployed for security monitoring, safety inspections, asset monitoring and surveillance, storm tracking, logistics, and to broadly study the environment by scanning remote areas.However, the use of drones and their capabilities are limited by the laws and regulations of the country, the end-user is based. For instance, the FAA has imposed several stringent regulations on drones. According to the current FAA regulations, all drones in the US must have a pilot at the controls and be within the pilot's line of sight. However, the US-based companies are petitioning the FAA for waivers to the line-of-sight rule. In August 2018, the first such waiver was granted to PrecisionHawk, an aerial data analysis company, after they provided a year's worth of drone flight safety data. The existence of stringent operational regulations in other countries may impede the growth prospects of the market.The next generation of drones is envisioned to be powered by artificial intelligence. Aerial AI is capturing loads of data on a real-time basis, opening a new world for looking over complex physical structures, and analyzing the captured data for defects. For instance, automated UAVs can scan blades on wind turbines and via onboard AI models, can detect defects and provide recommendations on necessity and timescale of maintenance. The introduction of AI in drones is envisioned to have a profound positive effect on the current capabilities of a drone, and would severely augment the potential applications of the drones in several industries.Key Market TrendsIncreasing Investments Toward Developing Sophisticated Drone SoftwareSince drone analytics is an emerging field with a range of potential applications, industrial conglomerates, chip companies, and IT consulting firms have pumped in significant financial resources to incubate and develop envisioned capabilities in the current generation of drones, both via a hardware and software upgrade. It is estimated that in the last 7 years, investments of about USD 2 billion have been attracted by the drone startups including OEMs and related companies in the supply chain. Also, with the market trends becoming clearer, both in terms of technology and the end-user, the investors have started focusing their investments on selected companies that seem to have higher growth potential. Typical examples include areas such as drone delivery, security, and mining. For instance, the medical drone delivery company Zipline announced new funding that brought the company valuation to USD 1.2 billion. Also, the automated drone-in-a-box solution Percepto announced a new round of funding amounting to USD 15 million. Besides, drone analytics companies are collaborating to address the specific requirements of the plethora of drone applications. For instance, in January 2020, AI-powered visual inspections pioneer Neurala announced a collaboration with drone service provider AviSight to provide end-to-end service to inspection customers who require a complete solution for drone-based inspections of critical infrastructure, including Beyond Visual Line of Sight (BVLOS) operations.Similarly, in February 2020, Neurala collaborated with Optelos, the developer of the drone industry's first patented enterprise SaaS platform designed to fully operationalize digital asset inspection and management. Optelos' platform is integrated with Neurala's vision AI platform, Brain Builder, to improve the efficacy and efficiency of the defect and object identification. Similar collaborative efforts are envisioned to drive the business prospects of the drone analytics market during the forecast period.Asia-Pacific to Experience the Highest Growth During the Forecast PeriodThe recent changes in drone regulations in several countries across the region are expected to support the growth of the market. China became the global hub for drone manufacturing in the past six years. About 70% of the global civilian drone market is supported by China, which had about 1,200 drone manufacturers at the beginning of 2019 (up from 130 manufacturers in 2013). The Chinese government is providing various subsidy schemes and other favorable domestic policies for drone purchases to promote the adoption of drones in various industrial sectors. The growing application areas of drones are simultaneously propelling the demand for these UAVs in China. The increasing demand for drones for monitoring, inspection, surveying, and surveillance applications in the construction, agriculture, infrastructure, energy, telecommunications, mining, and insurance industries is propelling the growth of the drone analytics market in China. Also, Australia has emerged as a major industrial hub in Asia-Pacific, which is witnessing the rising importance of BVLOS testing. As of July 2019, there were more than 1,200 drone operators in Australia. These operators are rapidly developing technologies and services to support the large drone ecosystem. The supportive drone regulations in Australia introduced by the Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA), in support of many domestic and international players, are helping the penetration of drones into many applications.Competitive LandscapeThe drone analytics market is highly fragmented, thereby new market players that operate at regional and local levels are also able to enhance their market share by leveraging their products based on cost differentiation and superior technical capabilities. Thus, to retain market dominance, the prominent market players, such as DroneDeploy Inc., Kespry Inc., Neurala Inc., DroneSense Inc., and PrecisionHawk Inc., are keenly investing in the development of new technology to upgrade their existing service portfolio. Rising competition is anticipated to drive innovation in the market, thereby helping the drone analytics industry to address user compliance issues, address the service limitations, and overcome existing challenges in the field of emerging sectors, such as healthcare mobility.Reasons to Purchase this report: • The market estimate (ME) sheet in Excel format• 3 months of analyst supportKey Topics Covered:   1 INTRODUCTION1.1 Study Assumptions1.2 Scope of the Study 2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY 3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Market Overview4.2 Market Drivers4.3 Market Restraints4.4 Porter's Five Forces Analysis4.4.1 Threat of New Entrants4.4.2 Bargaining Power of Buyers/Consumers4.4.3 Bargaining Power of Suppliers4.4.4 Threat of Substitute Products4.4.5 Intensity of Competitive Rivalry 5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 Industry5.1.1 Construction5.1.2 Agriculture5.1.3 Energy5.1.4 Law Enforcement5.1.5 Mining5.1.6 Other Industries5.2 Geography5.2.1 North America5.2.1.1 United States5.2.1.2 Canada5.2.2 Europe5.2.2.1 Germany5.2.2.2 United Kingdom5.2.2.3 France5.2.2.4 Rest of Europe5.2.3 Asia-Pacific5.2.3.1 India5.2.3.2 China5.2.3.3 Japan5.2.3.4 Rest of Asia-Pacific5.2.4 Rest of the World 6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Vendor Market Share6.2 Company Profiles6.2.1 AeroVironment Inc.6.2.2 Kespry Inc.6.2.3 DroneDeploy Inc.6.2.4 Delta Drone6.2.5 PrecisionHawk Inc.6.2.6 Pix4D SA6.2.7 Dronifi6.2.8 Sentera LLC6.2.9 AgEagle Aerial Systems Inc.6.2.10 optelos6.2.11 DroneSense Inc.6.2.12 Neurala Inc.6.2.13 Scale AI Inc. 7 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDS  For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/vwpyic CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Load-Date: January 20, 2021End of Document

Monday March 15, 2021 XPeng (XPEV:$35.37) increasesNews Bites US MarketsMarch 15, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 News Bites Pty Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 1179 wordsBodyAMERICAN DAILY STOCK REPORTXPeng Inc. (NYSE:XPEV), the NYSE's 3rd largest Auto company by market cap, has increased 22.0c (0.6%) from its previous trading session to close at $35.37. Compared with the S&P 500 Index which rose 25.6 points (0.7%) in the day, the relative price change was -0.02%. Today the stock traded between its 18-day high of $36.34 and three-day low of $34.55. There were 19,608,000 shares worth $693.5 million traded today. The volume was 0.8 times the average daily trading volume of 25.7 million shares.XPEV Stock Dashboard [traded in US Dollars, USD]Mar 15 close$35.37Market Cap$50.9 billionAve Daily Volume25,696,922 sharesShares Outstanding1,439,490,000SectorAutoINDEXSECTION 1 RECENT NEWSSECTION 2 CORPORATE PROFILESECTION 3 TODAY'S BULLISH SIGNALSSECTION 4 ONGOING BULLISH PARAMETERSSECTION 5 TODAY'S BEARISH SIGNALSSECTION 6 ONGOING BEARISH PARAMETERSSECTION 7 PEER GROUP ANALYSIS & RANKINGSECTION 8 Q4/2020 INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDER ACTIVITYGLOSSARYDATA & ARCHIVE DOWNLOAD CENTERXPEV: EXCEL TABLES ARE AVAILABLE TO EXPORT DATA:click + PRICE VOLUME - 5-YEAR HISTORYclick http://www.buysellsignals.net/BuySellSignals/report/Usnyse/Stock/PDF/quarterly/xls/XPEV_Institutional_Shareholder_Activity.xls"  greater than + INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS - CATEGORISED AND COMPLETE LIST OF INSTITUTIONS:XPEV: LINKS IN HTML TO FURTHER INFORMATION:click + PRICE VOLUME CHARTS IN HTMLSECTION 1 RECENT NEWS1.1 Stock BuzzNews DateHeadlinePublisherMar 15, 2021XPeng and Guangdong Provincial Investment Arm Ink Strategic AgreementMorningstar, Inc.Mar 15, 2021Xpeng Stock Xpeng Stock Is There a Dimmer Outlook Ahead for XPeng Inc. (XPEV)? | Fintech ZoomfintechzoomMar 15, 2021Xpeng Secures $78M Funding From A Chinese Provincial GovernmentBenzinga.comMar 15, 2021XPeng Inc. (NYSE:XPEV): Stock Forecast For 2021 Still Looks Hot With A 145% Increasemarketingsentinel1.2 Analyst Recommendations: Past MonthDateBrokeragePast RatingCurrent RatingPrev TargetPrice TargetMar 11, 2021Berenberg BankHoldBuy209235Mar 09, 2021Daiwa Capital MarketsSellBuy-34SECTION 2 CORPORATE PROFILE2.1 ActivitiesXPeng Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, and markets Smart electric vehicles (EVs) in China. XPeng offers the G3 SUV and a four-door sports sedan the P7, as well as autonomous driving software system.2.2 Contact DetailsWebsitewww.xiaopeng.comPhysical AddressNO. 8 SONGGANG ROAD, CHANGXING STREET, CENCUN, TIANHE DISTRICT, GUANGZHOU, GUANGDONG 510640Phone86-020-6680-66802.3 Industry & SectorClassification LevelName of SectorBusiness SectorUtilitiesEconomic SectorUtilitiesSECTION 3 TODAY'S BULLISH SIGNALS3.1 Momentum Up 25.4% Past WeekWeek 11 of 2021: Up 25.4%; xPeng outperformed the S&P 500 index in 4 out of 5 days. The price ranged between a low of $26.92 on Mar 08 and a high of $35.15 on Mar 12.MarXPengClose price [$]Price change %Relative change % *CommentMon 08Drops 4.0% weakening below moving average price26.92-4.0-3.4Week-low of 26.92; Steepest Fall; VI*=1.6Tue 09Adds $304 million (11%) in MCap, top heavyweight rise in Auto sector29.9711.39.9VI*=1.6Wed 10Inches higher, resistance at 12-day EMA30.72.41.8VI*=1.2Thu 11Soars 13%34.8113.412.3Top Rise; VI*=1.2Fri 12Increases35.151.00.9Week-high of 35.15*  Relative change is price change of stock with respect to Benchmark Index, S&P 500 index.[Volume Index (VI); 1 is average]3.2 Rank in the top 15% by Price Performance in the NYSE marketDescriptionValueRank1-week Price Change %31.4In Top 2%Rel Strength 6 mo86In Top 15%3.3 UptrendRelative Strength (6 months) 86 percentile:- The stock has a 6-month relative strength of 86 in the NYSE market of 1,807 stocks, 265 units and 109 preference stocks which means it is beating 86% of the market. - A price rise combined with a high relative strength is a bullish signal.SECTION 4 ONGOING BULLISH PARAMETERS4.1 Rank in the top 8% by Size in the NYSE marketDescriptionValueRankAve daily Turnover$693.5 millionIn Top 3%MCap$50.9 billionIn Top 8%SECTION 5 TODAY'S BEARISH SIGNALS5.1 Rank in the bottom 8% by Price Performance in the NYSE marketDescriptionValueRankPrice/MAP500.82In Bottom 8%1-month Price Change %-21.4In Bottom 3%5.2 DowntrendPrice/Moving Average Price of 0.93 and negative MACD:- The Price/MAP 200 of 0.93 for XPeng is lower than the Price/MAP 200 for the S&P 500 Index of 1.38. - The price to 200-day MAP ratio is 0.93, a bearish indicator. In the past 200 days this ratio has been under 0.93, 12 times suggesting further downside. The 200-day MAP has decreased to $38.18. A decrease is another bearish indicator.- The Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) indicator of 12-day Exponential Moving Average (EMA) of 33.59 minus the 26-day EMA of 36.88 is negative, suggesting a bearish signal.- The price to 50-day EMAP ratio is 0.9, a bearish indicator. In the past 200 days this ratio has been under 0.9 15 times suggesting further downside. The 50-day EMAP has decreased to $39.79. A decrease is another bearish indicator.Past Month:- Falls to Rises: In the past month the number of falls outnumbered rises 13:7 or 1.9:1.SECTION 6 ONGOING BEARISH PARAMETERS6.1 Present Value of $1000 Invested in the Past 3 Months; The Worst Period with PV$1000  less than  751PV$1,0003 mo agoXPEV.NYSE$750Auto sector$1,522S&P 500 Index$1,0786.2 Past quarter: price fall of 25%3-Month price change of -25% for XPeng underperformed the change of 7.4% in the S&P 500 index for a relative price change of -32.4%. Price Change %QuarterXPeng-25Auto sector52.2S&P 500 index7.4SECTION 7 PEER GROUP ANALYSIS & RANKING7.1 Global Rank [out of 47,934 stocks] and Rank of XPeng in the American Region [out of 11,974 stocks]DescriptionValueGlobal RankIn Am RegionMCap ($)50.9B3842047.2 Rank of XPeng in the Total NYSE Market [out of 1953 stocks] and in the Auto sector [out of 18 stocks]DescriptionValueIn Total NYSE MarketIn Auto sectorMCap ($)50.9B12337.3 Long-Term Fundamental Ranking: 5 out of 5 [5 is best]XPeng is ranked number 3 out of 24 listed auto companies in the United States with a market capitalization of $50.9 billion. Stocks are scored on a set of parameters reflecting fundamental analytical tools involving valuation, size and financial performance. They are ranked according to the average values of those parameters. The highest ranking is 5 and the lowest ranking is 1.SECTION 8 Q4/2020 INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDER ACTIVITYGLOSSARYMoving Average Price (n periods): Sum of Prices for each Period/Number of PeriodsPV1000: Present value of 1000 invested 1 year/'n' years agoPrice Close/Moving Avg Price: Latest Price/Moving Average PriceRelative Price Change [RPC]: Relative price change is price change of stock with respect to Benchmark IndexRelative Strength (6 Months): Price close today/Price close 6 months ago, then ranked by percentile within the entire market.Volume Index (VI): Number of shares traded in the period/Average number of shares traded for the periodVolume Weighted Average Price (VWAP): The Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) is the summation of turnover divided by total volume in the same period.Created by www.buysellsignals.comLoad-Date: March 15, 2021End of Document

Global Conveyor Systems Industry (2020 to 2025) - Need for Secure Environment in Industries Drives Large Scale Installation of Conveyor Systems - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireJanuary 26, 2021 Tuesday 9:26 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 886 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "Conveyor Systems - Global Market Trajectory & Analytics" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The global market for Conveyor System is projected to reach $9 billion by 2025, driven by the strong focus shed on automation and production efficiency in the era of smart factory and industry 4.0.Automating labor intensive operations is the starting point for automation, and as the most labor intensive process in manufacturing and warehousing, material handling is at the bottom of the automation pyramid. Defined as the movement of products and materials throughout the manufacturing process, material handling is labor intensive and expensive. Benefits of automating material handling include reduced human role in unproductive, repetitive and labor intensive tasks and the ensuing freeing up of resources for other core activities; greater throughput capability; better space utilization; increased production control; inventory control; improved stock rotation; reduced operation cost; improved worker safety; reduced losses from damage; and reduction in handling costs.Benefiting from increased investments in factory automation are conveyor systems, the workhorse of every processing and manufacturing plant. Technology innovation remains crucial to growth in the market. Few of the noteworthy innovations include use of direct drive motors that eliminate gears and helps engineer simplified and compact models; active conveyor belt systems perfected for efficient positioning of load; smart conveyors with advanced motion control technology; development of vacuum conveyors for fragile products that need to be placed securely; backlit conveyor belts for improved assembly line productivity and lower error rate; flexible (adjustable-width) conveyors that can accommodate different shaped and sized objects; energy efficient designs with smarter motors and controllers.Object detection on a conveyor belt such as food-grade metal-detectable belt or magnetic conveyor belt is a huge revenue generating innovation targeted at the food end-use industry which helps identify metal contaminants in food as it travels along the processing stages. Among the application areas, manufacturing, processing, logistics and warehousing are major end-use markets. Airports are emerging as a new end-use opportunity with growing passenger traffic and increased need to reduce baggage check-in time resulting in increased deployment of baggage conveying systems.The United States and Europe represent large markets worldwide with a combined share of 56%. China ranks as the fastest growing market with a 6.5% CAGR over the analysis period supported by the Made in China (MIC) 2025 initiative that aims to bring the country's massive manufacturing and production sector into the forefront of global technology competitiveness. Inspired by Germany's "Industry 4.0", MIC 2025 will enhance adoption of automation, digital and IoT technologies. Faced with new and changing economic forces, the Chinese government through this initiative is stepping up investments in cutting edge robotics, automation and digital IT technologies to competitively integrate into the global manufacturing chain dominated by industrialized economies such as EU, Germany and the United States and move from being a low cost competitor to a direct added-value competitor. The scenario bodes well for the adoption of conveyor systems in the country.Competitors identified in this market include, among others:• Allied Conveyor Systems, Inc.• BEUMER Group GmbH & Co. KG• Caterpillar, Inc.• Daifuku Co., Ltd.• Dematic Group• Dorner Mfg. Corp.• Durr AG• Dynamic Conveyor Corporation• Eisenmann AG• Emerson Electric Co.• Fives Group• Flexlink AB• Honeywell Intelligrated• Hytrol Conveyor Co., Inc.• Interroll Group• Kardex AG• Mahindra Tsubaki Conveyor Systems (MTC) Pvt. Ltd.• Murata Machinery, Ltd.• SSI Schaefer - Fritz Schaefer GmbH• Swisslog Holding AG• Vanderlande Industries B. V.Key Topics Covered:I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & REPORT SCOPEII. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY1. MARKET OVERVIEW2. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS3. MARKET TRENDS & DRIVERS• Conveyor Systems Market Growing with Demand Emanating from Conventional and Niche Application Markets• Manufacturing and Packaging• Transportation and Logistics• Merchandising• Factors Influencing Demand for Conveyors• Need for Secure Environment in Industries Drive Large Scale Installation of Conveyor Systems• Integration of Warehouse Management Technologies with Material Handling Equipment Need of the Hour• Distribution Logistics Simplify Outbound Movement of Products• Omnichannel Commerce Creates a Paradigm Shift• Motorized Roller Conveyor Technology Improves Supply Chain Excellence• Demand for Automated MHE with Conveyor Systems on the Rise• Growing Importance of Automation & Technology Drive Conveyor System Usage in Food & Beverage Industry• Global Sales of Processed Foods in US$ Billion for Years 2014, 2016, 2018 and 2020• Rising Demand for Processed Meat: Major Growth Driver for Conveyor System• Dairy Products: Churning Out New Opportunities for Conveyor SystemIII. MARKET ANALYSISIV. COMPETITION• Total Companies Profiled: 81For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/fw6tazView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210126005505/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

Alibaba and Tencent go public after report that the Trump administration will blacklist them for investorsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 7, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 336 wordsBodyAlibaba and Tencent's actions experienced sharp declines this Thursday after a report suggested the Trump administration might be about to add Chinese tech giants to a US blacklist.The U.S. government blacklisted 31 Chinese companies in November for concerns that they support the Beijing army. U.S. state and defense officials have been discussing extending the executive order so that the blacklist includes more companies, according to anonymous sources cited by The Wall Street Journal.When the Hong Kong Stock Exchange closed, Tencent's share price fell 4.69% toHongKong$568.5, while Alibaba's share price fell by 3.91% to $221. If they are added to the US blacklist, they are added to the US blacklist. U.S. investors will not be able to trade their shares as of January 11, while those who already own shares in the companies would have until November to get rid of them.Trump signed the initial executive order shortly after losing the 2020 presidential election to Joe Biden and is already having consequences.This Tuesday, the Trump administration moved to ban Chinese payment applications, including Alipay and WeChat Pay,which are linked to Alibaba and Tencent respectively, and on Wednesday the New York Stock Exchange confirmed that it plans to withdraw China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom.In December, the United States added Chinese drone company DJI and Semiconductor Manufacturing International (SMIC) to a commercial blacklist. The U.S. Department of Commerce said the action against SMIC "stems from China's civil-military fusion (MCF) doctrine and evidence of activities between SMIC and entities of interest in the Chinese military industrial complex."Alibaba's battles extend beyond the United States and its own territory, where Chinese regulators have recently launched an antitrust investigation against the company.Jack Ma, founder and CEO of Alibaba, maintains a low profile and has not been seen in public since last October after he appeared to criticize the country's regulators.Load-Date: January 8, 2021End of Document

ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Announces its ETF-like Decentralized Fund and PlatformPR NewswireJanuary 19, 2021 Tuesday 8:30 AM ESTCopyright 2021 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1568 wordsDateline: WENZHOU, China, Jan. 19, 2021 BodyPR Newswire ZK International Group Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq: ZKIN) ("ZKIN", "ZK International" or the "Company"), a designer, engineer, manufacturer, and supplier of patented high-performance stainless steel and carbon steel pipe products primarily used for water and gas supplies, is pleased to announce its ETF-like decentralized fund and platform, which is the second DeFi project in xSigma's ecosystem. The project's website:https://xsigma-etf.com.The announced ETF-like protocol will be a decentralized fund based on Ethereum blockchain, that will diversify between major crypto assets related to the DeFi space. In addition, it will provide a platform that will enable others to create indexes and it will be branded and known asxTF by xSigma.The decentralized smart contract application (DApp) is expected to act like an index of the major DeFi tokens, allowing crypto investors to capitalize on overall growth of a wider share of the DeFi market, and potentially reducing risks and transactional costs.xTF by xSigmais also expected to allow others to create ETF-like decentralized funds on their own with just a few clicks. It will allow institutions and individuals to create own indexes, attract capital and earn on trading fees and expense ratios. The fees can be configured, and various business models can be implemented. Finally, the platform is expected to turn into a marketplace or aggregator of various indexes.Indexes will be presented in a form of tokens issued on Ethereum blockchain. Users will be able to buy or issue ETF-like tokens using ETH. Issuing tokens means increasing the fund's size and requires adding more assets to the fund. Withdrawing funds from the capital requires burning according amount of tokens. Critically, all people who engage with the DApp will retain control of their crypto assets (e.g. Ethereum) and will be able to deposit assets into the DApp and withdraw them from the DApp at their discretion using their own crypto asset wallets.The DeFi industry now has crypto worth over $21 billion locked in major protocols, according to the DeFi Pulse website. xSigma is now targeting the DeFi space with two projects: DeFi protocol (stablecoin DEX) and the newly announced ETF-like protocolxTF by xSigma. The ultimate objective of xSigma is to build an ecosystem of products for finance and blockchain.Mr. Jiancong Huang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ZK International, stated, "We are pleased to announce that xSigma now has two projects in the DeFi space. We look forward to bringing innovation to the blockchain and finance industries with xSigma's team."The release of thexTF by xSigmais scheduled for the second quarter in 2021, and technical details will be revealed soon. xSigma expects to generate fees from the fund's operation in the future. The project won't be a regulated financial product, and xSigma team won't have access to digital assets deposited in the DApp.Some elements of the protocol of the platform will be immutable while others will be subject to being amended as per the votes of a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) that will govern key decisions with respect to the protocol. Votes shall be cast using governance tokens that will be ERC-20 tokens automatically issued by the protocol, as per the terms of the protocol. As a utility token, such governance tokens will not be registered with any securities regulator or other regulatory body. xSigma expressly renounces any representations as to the actual or projected value of tokens issued on any of its DeFi protocols; they needn't have any value at all because it serves as the governance token for a DAO.The protocol is not an ETF, in the conventional sense of the term; it is not registered, licensed or regulated by any exchange or governmental regulatory body. Instead, the protocol will be a smart contract published to the Ethereum blokchain open for anyone to inspect and engage with as they please. Further detail as to the protocol will be discussed in a white paper to be published by xSigma prior to launch of the protocol.About ZK International Group Co., Ltd.ZK International Group Co., Ltd. is a China-based designer, engineer, manufacturer and supplier of patented high-performance stainless steel and carbon steel pipe products that require sophisticated water or gas pipeline systems. The Company owns 28 patents, 21 trademarks, 2 Technical Achievement Awards, and 10 National and Industry Standard Awards.  ZK International is preparing to capitalize on the $850 Billion commitment made by the Chinese Government to improve the quality of water, which in its current supply state is 70% unfit for human contact.  ZK International is Quality Management System Certified (ISO9001), Environmental Management System Certified (ISO1401), and a National Industrial Stainless Steel Production Licensee that is focused on supplying steel piping for the multi-billion dollar industries of Gas and Water sectors.  ZK has supplied stainless steel pipelines for over 2,000 projects, which include the Beijing National Airport, the "Water Cube" and "Bird's Nest", which were venues for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.  Emphasizing superior properties and durability of its steel piping, ZK International is providing a solution for the delivery of high quality, highly sustainable, environmentally sound drinkable water to not only to the China market but to international markets such as Europe, East Asia and Southeast Asia.  For more information please visit http://www.ZKInternationalGroup.com. Additionally, please follow the Company on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and Weibo. For further information on the Company's SEC filings please visit http://www.sec.gov.About XSigma CorporationXSigma Corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZK International Group Co., Ltd. Together with ZK International, has launched xSigma as a research and development lab back in 2018 to solve real-world infrastructure challenges. Its mandate was to explore new opportunities in smart contracts, supply chain management and other blockchain-based solutions. XSigma has since pivoted to decentralized finance, focusing on decentralized exchanges, stablecoins and lending protocols. The research lab is now actively working on its ecosystem of products beginning with its DeFi protocol. The ultimate objective is to build a range of financial tools and products for the flourishing decentralized finance industry.  The xSigma team that are being assembled are on the leading edge of blockchain research and development that intersects decentralized finance, supply chain management, IoT, and infrastructure. The DeFi protocol is one of many decentralized finance projects xSigma plans to launch over the next 12 months. It will feed into a growing network of DeFi products for enterprise and consumer markets. Any blockchain protocol is subject to a degree of risk; xSigma's DeFi protocol has implemented tamper-resistant programming, but is still subject to potential hacks.For further information about xSigma, please visit its website athttp://www.xsigma.comandhttp://www.xsigma.fi. Safe Harbor Statement This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "estimate" or "continue" or the negative or other variations thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of ZK International.  Actual results may differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties, as well as other risk factors that are included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Although ZK International believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in forward-looking statements will be realized.  In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by ZK International or any other person that their objectives or plans will be achieved. ZK International does not undertake any obligation to revise the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Investor Contact:Sherry ZhengWeitian Group LLCEmail:shunyu.zheng@weitian-ir.com  Phone: +1 718-213-7386 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zk-international-subsidiary-xsigma-corporation-announces-its-etf-like-decentralized-fund-and-platform-301210748.htmlSOURCE ZK International Group Co., Ltd.Load-Date: January 19, 2021End of Document

Acacia Says It’s Ending $2.6 Billion Merger Deal With CiscoCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 8, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 278 wordsBody(Bloomberg) -- Acacia Communications Inc. said it’s ending a merger deal with Cisco Systems Inc. after failing to get regulatory approval from China in time.Cisco said in July 2019 that it planned to buy Acacia, an optical component maker, for about $2.6 billion to capture a bigger chunk of spending on 5G telecommunications networks.Maynard, Massachusetts-based Acacia said in a statement Friday that it didn’t receive approvals from the Chinese government’s State Administration for Market Regulation within the time frame of the merger agreement, so it didn’t have an obligation to close the merger before Jan. 8, 2021.However, Cisco said in a separate statement that it’s seeking confirmation from a court in Delaware that it has indeed met “all conditions for closing” the deal, including approval from China’s regulator.“Cisco is also seeking a court mandate that the agreement may not be terminated until the court resolves these matters, and an order from the court requiring Acacia to close the transaction,” according to the statement. Cisco said it was notified Thursday by the SAMR that its submission is “sufficient to address the relevant competition concerns.”Cisco shares were little changed as the market opened in New York on Friday. Acacia jumped 8.7%.Acacia’s decision to walk away from the deal reinforces Cisco’s challenges in navigating China’s regulators amid the U.S.-China trade dispute, Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Woo Jin Ho wrote.“Cisco can still partner with Acacia or others in sourcing high-speed optics for its gear, but we believe Cisco may temporarily shelve large, strategic deals due to the China regulatory roadblock,” he said.Load-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

Joe Biden renews support for WHO, which Donald Trump had withdrawnCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 21, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 728 wordsBodyGeneva.- Joe Biden, will renew the support that the Donald Trump administration had turned away from the World Health Organization (WHO),which means it will resume and join its consortium aimed at sharing coronavirus vaccines fairly around the world, said On Thursday the chief adviser to the President of the United States(Read More: Joe Biden's first presidential event upon arriving at the White House).Dr Anthony Fauci's rapid commitment to WHO, whose response to the pandemic has been criticized by many, but more noisy by the Trump administration, marks a dramatic and vocal shift towards a more cooperative approach to combating the pandemic."I am honored to announce that the United States will remain a member of the World Health Organization," Fauci said at a WHO virtual meeting from the United States, where it was 4:10 a.m. in Washington. It was the first public statement by a member of Biden's administration to an international audience, and a sign of the new president's priority in the fight against covid-19 both at home and with global partners.                       Just hours after Biden's inauguration on Wednesday, he wrote a letter to UN Secretary-General Antonio Gutteres saying the United States had reversed WHO's planned withdrawal expected to take effect in July.WHO's withdrawal was rich in symbolism, another example of America's solo strategy under Trump. But it also hadpractical ramifications: the United States stopped funding from the UN health agency, stripping it of cash from the country that has long been its largest donor, just as the agency was batting the health crisis that has killed more than 2 million people worldwide. The United States had also removed staff from the organization.Fauci said Biden's administration will resume "regular engagement" with WHO and "comply with its financial obligations to the organization."Read more: UN celebrates US return to "Paris Agreement" on climate changeThe head of WHO and others intervened to welcome US announcements.This is a good day for WHO and a good day for global health," said Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. "America's role, its role, the global role is very, very crucialThe two men hinted at a warm relationship between them, with Fauci calling Tedros his "dear friend" and Tedros referring to Fauci as "my brother Tony."John Nkengasong, director of the African Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, called it "great news" in an email."The world has always been a better place when the United States plays a leading role in solving global health problems, including the fight against HIV/AIDS, malaria, polio and other diseases," he said.Danish Health Minister Magnus Heunicke wrote on Facebook: "This will have a big impact on the world's ability to combat the pandemic."Fauci also said Biden will issue a directive Thursday that shows America's intention to join the COVAX Facility, a project to implement Covid-19 vaccines in people in need around the world, whether in rich or poor countries.Under Trump, U.S.United States, had been the highest-profile, and most affluent, obstacle to the COVAX facility, which has struggled to meet its goals of distributing millions of vaccines due to financial and logistical difficulties.WHO and leaders in many developing countries have repeatedly expressed concern that poorer places may be the last to receive Covid-19vaccines, while noting that leaving large swaths of the world's population un vaccinated puts everyone at risk.While promising U.S. support, Fauci also noted some key challenges facing WHO. He said the country was committed to "transparency, including events related to the early days of the pandemic."One of the Trump administration's biggest criticism was that WHO reacted too slowly to the outbreak in Wuhan, China, and was too tolerant and too effusive about the Chinese government's response.Others have also shared these criticisms, but public health experts and many countries have argued that while the organization needs reform, it remains vital.Referring to WHO-led research that seeks the origins of coronavirus by a team currently in China, Fauci said: "International research must be robust and clear, and we look forward to evaluating it."He said the United States will work with WHO and partner countries to "strengthen and reform" the agency, without providing details. Load-Date: January 22, 2021End of Document

Should Big Tech Be Treated As State Actors? This CEO Thinks SoThe Daily CallerJanuary 13, 2021 Wednesday 09:54 PM ESTCopyright 2021 The Daily Caller, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: DAILY-CALLER-NEWS-FOUNDATION; tech; tech; techLength: 295 wordsByline: Samantha Renck, Reporter, samantha.dailycaller@gmail.comBodyLink to ImageVivek Ramaswamy, the founder and CEO of Roivant Sciences, spoke with the Daily Caller News Foundation's Samantha Renck about why he believes Big Tech companies should be treated as state actors, how private companies can protect their brands and more.“Congress has effectively co-opted Silicon Valley through the backdoor,” Ramaswamy, who recently co-authored the Wall Street Journal article “Save the Constitution From Big Tech,” said, “to do what Congress couldn't do directly through the front door.”“They did it both with a carrot and a stick,” he said. “The carrot was Section 230 liability exemption, which said that even if you remove content that would be protected under the First Amendment, no user can sue you in state court because we the federal government give you a special exemption.”“When combined with the stick, which was a congressional threat from many liberal democrats to say 'if you don't go out and censor so-called hateful content, then we're going to come after and regulate the heck out of you,'” he said.Ramaswamy also discussed how companies can protect their brands, what precedent is set by banning Parler and more. (RELATED: Biden Has Ties To 5 Major Tech Companies)WATCH:Link to VideoCheck out more from the Daily Caller News Foundation:China 'Virtually' Admitted They Are Committing Genocide, Asian Studies Expert SaysHear A Congresswoman Describe The Capitol Riot From Inside The EvacuationDaughter Of Uighur Muslims Pleads For Chinese Government To Set Her Mother FreeContent created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.Graphic Vivek Ramaswamy speaks with the Daily Caller News FoundationLoad-Date: January 13, 2021End of Document

ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Releases the Whitepaper for its DeFi ProtocolPR NewswireJanuary 12, 2021 Tuesday 4:30 PM ESTCopyright 2021 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1917 wordsDateline: WENZHOU, China, Jan. 12, 2021 BodyPR Newswire ZK International GroupCo., Ltd. (Nasdaq: ZKIN) ("ZKIN", "ZK International" or the "Company"), a designer, engineer, manufacturer, and supplier of patented high-performance stainless steel and carbon steel pipe products primarily used for water and gas supplies, is pleased to announce that xSigma Corporation, a subsidiary of the Company, that is a blockchain R&D lab, is pleased to announce that it  has published the whitepaper for its DeFi protocol which reveals the key technical details of its future product.After Bitcoin reached its all-time-high of $40,000, the DeFi industry now has crypto worth over $23 billion locked in major protocols, according to the DeFi Pulse website. This is over 100% growth since November, according to the DeFi Pulse. xSigma is now targeting the DeFi space with two projects. The ultimate objective of xSigma is to build an ecosystem of products for finance and blockchain.Mr. Jiancong Huang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ZK International, stated, "We are pleased to announce that xSigma is expanding and adding one more project to its ecosystem. The new project may generate a lot of value for users worldwide and enable newcomers to join the DeFi space."Centralized exchanges have been the backbone of the cryptocurrency market for years. They offer fast settlement, high trading volume, and continually improving liquidity. However, there's a parallel world being built in the form of trustless protocols.DeFi, which stands forDecentralizedFinance, aims to build a system which can work openly, securely, and in a modular manner, so that anyone can join it, use it, contribute to it and upgrade it. The main idea is to recreate financial services and tools that are entirely on blockchain, eliminating the need for banks or other third parties as intermediaries. This makes it fast, inexpensive and available to everyone. Further, the open-source nature of DeFi makes it transparent and trustless.The xSigma DeFi protocol whitepaper reveals details such as tokenomics, liquidity mining rewards, governance mechanisms, the token utility and distribution as they are foreseen in the smart contract that xSigma plans to publish to the Ethereum blockchain. The launch of the protocol is scheduled for the coming weeks. The project has collected thousands of subscriptions in its waitlist, and it has secured commitments from individual and institutional liquidity providers.Basically, xSigma has two main elements: Swap and Staking (Farming). Users that participate in staking may receive a certain reward.What is the xSigma Protocol?xSigma is a decentralized stablecoin exchange with a clean UI, exchange subsidy and liquidity mining program. Working according to the rules summarized in the whitepaper and that will be transparently published to the Ethereum blockchain, we expect xSigma to be a stable and attractive option for liquidity providers that are looking for transparency and stability in the DeFi market.xSigma is built on top of the Curve/Swerve swap mechanism1 with a view to improve them. Traditionally, token swaps require buyers and sellers to create liquidity; xSigma's DeFi protocol creates markets automatically. Unlike most exchanges that charge fees, xSigma was designed with a very low fee structure. Traders can exchange Ethereum stablecoins by engaging with the xSigma protocol without having to trust anyone with their digital assets. Anyone can contribute their cryptocurrencies to the liquidity pool and potentially collect a fee. This is done by a public and transparent equation published to the Ethereum blockchain that automatically determines and balances the relative value based on actual demand.How xSigma's Protocol Works?The xSigma protocol is an automatic liquidity marketplace, so there is no order book or central party required for the transaction, and it allows users to act as a one-stop-shop for any type of exchange, be it a token exchange or a trading platform.To enable trading without an order book, xSigma has developed for its protocol a model called the liquidity pool, which is created by liquidity providers. Anyone with an Ethereum address can contribute to the liquidity of exchange and make money from it. It allows users to exchange stablecoins, without intermediaries. xSigma is not a hosted or other form of virtual currency wallet, users who engage with the protocol remain in exclusive control of their digital assets.There is one important thing that users should keep in mind: they can seamlessly switch between ERC-20 stablecoins without the need for an order book. As the xSigma Protocol is decentralized, the listing process is fully decentralized and transparent; there is no liquidity pool available for traders. Unlike other DeFi platforms, xSigma is also implementing measures to block users of its front-end portal from sanction jurisdictions; xSigma believes that long-term DeFi developers must integrate compliance mechanisms into their platforms.So, in summary, the xSigma protocol is a more complete version of other DeFi platforms, with the transaction fee earnings of 0.24% of trading for liquidity providers. Further details on the xSigma protocol are as follows:  Symbol: SIGToken type: ERC-20Tokens: 24,024,024Twitter:https://twitter.com/xSigma5Telegram group:https://t.me/xsigma_globalMedium: https://medium.com/xsigma-defi Media Contact DetailsContact Email:pr@xsigma.fiLink to the whitepaperhttps://xsigma.fi/xsigma.whitepaper.pdfAs discussed in the white paper, some elements of the protocol are immutable while others are subject to be amended as per the votes of a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) that will govern key decisions with respect to the protocol. Votes shall be cast using governance tokens called 'SIG' that are ERC-20 tokens automatically issued by the protocol, as per the terms of the protocol. As a utility token, SIG is not registered with any securities regulator or other regulatory body. xSigma expressly renounces any representations as to the actual or projected value of SIG; it needn't have any value at all because it serves as the governance token for the xSigma DAO.About ZK International Group Co., Ltd.ZK International Group Co., Ltd. is a China-based designer, engineer, manufacturer and supplier of patented high-performance stainless steel and carbon steel pipe products that require sophisticated water or gas pipeline systems. The Company owns 28 patents, 21 trademarks, 2 Technical Achievement Awards, and 10 National and Industry Standard Awards.  ZK International is preparing to capitalize on the $850 Billion commitment made by the Chinese Government to improve the quality of water, which in its current supply state is 70% unfit for human contact.  ZK International is Quality Management System Certified (ISO9001), Environmental Management System Certified (ISO1401), and a National Industrial Stainless Steel Production Licensee that is focused on supplying steel piping for the multi-billion dollar industries of Gas and Water sectors.  ZK has supplied stainless steel pipelines for over 2,000 projects, which include the Beijing National Airport, the "Water Cube" and "Bird's Nest", which were venues for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.  Emphasizing superior properties and durability of its steel piping, ZK International is providing a solution for the delivery of high quality, highly sustainable, environmentally sound drinkable water to not only to the China market but to international markets such as Europe, East Asia and Southeast Asia.  For more information please visit http://www.ZKInternationalGroup.com. Additionally, please follow the Company on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and Weibo. For further information on the Company's SEC filings please visit http://www.sec.gov.About XSigma CorporationXSigma Corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZK International Group Co., Ltd. Together with ZK International, has launched xSigma as a research and development lab back in 2018 to solve real-world infrastructure challenges. Its mandate was to explore new opportunities in smart contracts, supply chain management and other blockchain-based solutions. XSigma has since pivoted to decentralized finance, focusing on decentralized exchanges, stablecoins and lending protocols. The research lab is now actively working on its ecosystem of products beginning with its DeFi protocol. The ultimate objective is to build a range of financial tools and products for the flourishing decentralized finance industry.  The xSigma team that are being assembled are on the leading edge of blockchain research and development that intersects decentralized finance, supply chain management, IoT, and infrastructure. The DeFi protocol is one of many decentralized finance projects xSigma plans to launch over the next 12 months. It will feed into a growing network of DeFi products for enterprise and consumer markets. Any blockchain protocol is subject to a degree of risk; xSigma's DeFi protocol has implemented tamper-resistant programming, but is still subject to potential hacks.For further information about xSigma, please visit its website at http://www.xsigma." http://www.xsigma.com  andhttp://www.xsigma.fi Safe Harbor Statement This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "estimate" or "continue" or the negative or other variations thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of ZK International.  Actual results may differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties, as well as other risk factors that are included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Although ZK International believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in forward-looking statements will be realized.  In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by ZK International or any other person that their objectives or plans will be achieved. ZK International does not undertake any obligation to revise the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Investor Contact:Sherry ZhengWeitian Group LLCEmail:shunyu.zheng@weitian-ir.comPhone: +1 718-213-7386 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zk-international-subsidiary-xsigma-corporation-releases-the-whitepaper-for-its-defi-protocol-301206828.htmlSOURCE ZK International Group Co., Ltd.Load-Date: January 12, 2021End of Document

Biscay: Increase in contagions was due to the reopening of the economy at 100%CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 8, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 340 wordsBodyFormer President Martín Vizcarra spoke out about the increase in coronavirus contagion recorded in recent weeks in Peru and noted that one of the reasons was economic revival without having the necessary precautions."The increase has taken place since the beginning of December where everything was hanoticed: casinos, recreation centers, which at some point had to be given, but has not been accompanied by a massive prevention campaign. We opened the economy 100%, but we don't communicate the risks to the population," the former commentary explained during a video shared on his Facebook account.He also called on his followers to avoid crowds when he is touring the country, so as not to generate any more contagions."On the visits we make inland there are no rallies, there are no events where we summon singers because otherwise we would generate agglomeration by concentrating people," he said.On the other hand, he welcomed the purchase for the acquisition of 38 million vaccines from Sinopharm and argued that this gives peace of mind for the medium and long term.In addition, it highlighted his Government's management with China for the procurement of doses and stated that in June the Peruvian Embassy requested to make available to the country so that clinical trials would also be carried out on Peruvians."The first management with the Chinese government to acquire the vaccine from its laboratory began the month of the start of the state of emergency. The state of emergency began on March 15 last year and on April 15 we had the first contact," he said.New variant of COVID-19 arrived in PeruThe Ministry of Health confirmed the first case of the new variant of coronavirus in the country. According to the portfolio holder, Pilar Mazzetti, the identified person lives in Lima and attended a family reunion days before Christmas."He has had symptomatologies and was given the relevant test to see if he had the new variant. After a procedure it was confirmed that she had the new mutation of the United Kingdom," she said.Load-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

Hong Kong police arrest nearly 50 activists and politiciansCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 6, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 388 wordsBodyHong Kong police arrested half a hundred opposition politicians and activists on Wednesday (local time) for their alleged violation of the controversial National Security Law, two police sources reported to France Presse, in what is the largest operation to date against critics with Beijing.Many of the opponents, including several former members, were arrested for their participation in the Democratic side's primary last July in view of the September legislative elections, which were eventually postponed by the authorities by the coronavirus pandemic.This is the largest detention since the controversial National Security Law came into force on 30 June, which sentences even life imprisonment of cases of secession or collusion with foreign forces.The Democratic Party assured through its profile on the Social Network Twitter that the police considered the Democratic campaign to try to take over the majority in the Hong Kong parliament "an act of subversion that violates the National Security Act".Among those arrested are formerputies Leung Kwok-Hung, Gary Fan, Lam Cheuk-ting, Chu Hoi-dick, Au Nok-hin, Alvin Yeung, Wu Chi-wai, James To and Andrew Wan.The organizer of the primaries, Benny Tai, was also one of those arrested, as well as Robert Chung, executive director of the Hong Kong Institute for Public Opinion Research (PORI), a company that provided the technology needed to conduct the votes.PORI number two Chung Kim-wash on Wednesday at Commercial Radio that police contacted him to help with investigations.China researcher Maya Wang said that "the Chinese government has decided to celebrate 2021 with the arrests of more than 50 prominent pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong, erasing the remains of democratic appearance left in the city.""Once again, Beijing does not learn from its mistakes in Hong Kong: repression generates resistance, and millions of Hong Kongers will continue their struggle for their right to vote and stand as candidates for a democratically elected government," he said.Since the entry into force of the controversial security law - designed and imposed by Beijing - there have been numerous police raids and arrests of activists, with some of them choosing to go into exile to try to avoid retaliation for activities that, under the new legislation, could constitute a crime.Load-Date: January 7, 2021End of Document

General AFP forecasts for 12H00 GMTCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 12, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1167 wordsBodyTOP NEWSWORLD VIRUS: EU accelerates anti-coronavirus plan, but WHO rules out collective immunity by 2021US POLICY: Trump and Pence show common front facing imminent political trial against US president-- VIRUS WORLDTHE HAGUE:EU accelerates its anti-ronavirus plan, but WHO rules out collective immunity by 2021The European Union (EU) began the process on Tuesday to authorise its third covid-19 vaccine, although Experts from the World Health Organization (WHO) warned that mass vaccination campaigns will not ensure herd immunity by 2021.By Danny KEMP, with the offices of the AFP(World epidemic pandemic health virus, Central Note, 900 words - 13H00 GMT)INFOGRAPHIC, PHOTOS, VIDEOEPSON, United Kingdom:Provisional morgues in the UK for covid-19 deceasedDozens of bodies arrive every day in this white carp, a makeshift morgue installed in the middle of an esplanade in Epsom, southern England, in a country with hospitals overflowing with the new coronavirus.By William EDWARDS with Callum PATON in London(GB Virus Health Epidemic Pandemic, Focus, 600 Words - Already Transmitted)VIDEO, PHOTOSParis:French restaurants endangered by the pandemicAfter more than ten weeks of closure for the covid-19 pandemic, with debts accumulating and total uncertainty about the reopening date, restaurant owners in France face a dangerous situation.By Maria Elena BUCHELI(France virus health economy restaurants pandemic, Testimony, 700 words - Already transmitted)Rome:Italy prepares to adopt ambitious economic plan despite political crisisItaly is preparing to adopt an ambitious plan for the country's economic revival after the European Union-funded pandemic on Tuesday, despite the political crisis threatening one of its allies.(Italy political economy crisis epidemic virus, Focus, 600 words - 14h00 GMT)-- US POLICYWashington:Trump and Pence show common front facing imminent political trial against US presidentDonald Trump and his Vice President Mike Pence met Monday in the Oval Office, showing, for the time being, a common front for Democratic opponents, who demand the immediate departure of the US president.By Elodie CUZIN and Alina DIESTE(US political accusation parliament, Central Note Update, 900 words - Already transmitted)NEW YORK:Tech Titans Purge The Internet of Pro-Trump ExtremistsTwitter announced Monday that it had erased 70,000 accounts affiliated with the pro-Trump QAnon conspiracy movement, involved in recent violent events in Washington, in what appears to be the start of a large purge of that group online by large digital platforms.(US information internet freedom hate violence, Central Note, 800 words - Already transmitted)OTHER NEWS IN THE WORLD-- AMERICALA LIMA, Honduras:Driven by cyclones and attracted by Biden, new wave of Central Americans migrates to the USEmerson sells bananas on the edge of a dusty street in La Lima, northern Honduras, but hopes to stop doing so soon and migrate to the United States. He thinks future President Joe Biden will let him in.By Noé LEIVA, with input from Oscar BATRES in San Salvador(CENTROam USA Politics Migration Pandemic, Report, 766 words - 13H00 GMT)PHOTOS, VIDEO-- EUROPEBerlin:German police dismantle the "world's largest" selling site on the DarknetAn international operation led by German police dismantled the website"biggest" in the world of drug sales, false documents and fake currencies, and arrested an alleged perpetrator, Koblenz's prosecutor's office in Germany announced on Tuesday.(Germany e-commerce internet research, Central Note, 550 words - 13H00 GMT)Photos-- MIDDLE EASTAmman:Death penalty in Jordan for the perpetrator of an attack on Mexican touristsA court in Jordan sentenced eight people on Tuesday to the death penalty on the gallows to a Jordanian who stabbed eight people in 2019, including three Mexican tourists and a Swiss.(Jordan Mexico crime tourism process, Central Note, 450 words - 13H00 GMT)PHOTOS FILE, VIDEO FILE-- ASIAJakarta:Recover a black box from the rugged Boeing in IndonesiaSearch teams recovered one of Boeing's black boxes missing on the weekend off the coast of Indonesia with 62 people on board, Transport Minister Budi Karya Sumadi announced on Tuesday.By Dessy SAGITA(Indonesia Aviation Accident, Central Note Update, 700 words - 13H00 GMT)PHOTOS, VIDEO, INFOGRAPHICHONG KONG, China:A "gloomy winter" is over democracy in Hong KongThe drastic national security law imposed by the Chinese government in Hong Kong was supposedly directed against a "small minority." But last week's wave of arrests shows, according to the opposition, that british excolony has entered a "gloomy winter."By Yan ZHAO(China HongKong political statements, Focus, 650 words - Already transmitted)-- AFRICAGARAOUA BOULAI, Cameroon:On the border with Cameroon, Central African rebels try to suffocate BanguiThe armored machine gun is heading in the direction of the Central African Republic. At the Cameroonian border post in Garoua Boulai, on "maximum alert," the gendarmes are lurking amid hundreds of trucks with blocked goods and Central African refugees fleeing the country.By Reinnier KAZE(Cameroon RCentroafricana conflict transport elections, Report, 800 words - Already transmitted)PHOTOS, VIDEOTunisia:Tunisia commemorates under tension the 10th birthday of Ben Ali's escapeTunisia on Thursday commemorates the 10th birthday of the escape of its autocrat Zine el Abidine Ben Ali under popular pressure, an event that launched a democratic process today weakened by difficulties in reforming the economy and offering social perspectives.By Caroline Nelly PERROT(Tunisia social economy political democracy revolution anniversary, Presentation, 700 words - 14H00 GMT)PHOTOS, FILE PHOTOS, VIDEO FILE, VIDEO-- ECONOMIACaracas:Surfing Venezuela's crisis in the wave of sex onlineValery loves her body. In her semi-naked silhouette, her curly hair and the tenderness of her features she discovered an opportunity to make a living selling erotic photos and videos on the internet, which made her give up leaving Venezuela.By Margioni BERM-DEZ(Venezuela internet pandemic economy, Report, 700 words - Already transmitted)PHOTOS, VIDEOLondon:British companies face numerous difficulties due to BrexitLess than two weeks after the UK's effective departure from the European Union, British companies are plunged into a sea of difficulties between administrative formalities and unforeseen effects of Brexit.By Véronique DUPONT(GB fishing political trade exports Brexit markets imports, Box, 650 words - 13h30 GMT)PHOTOS FILE-- SOCIETYNiamey:Niamey's eclectic National Museum, Niger's "mirror"From dinosaurs,Passing through uranium, hippos, crafts or music, the eclectic National Museum of Niger (MNN) or Boubou Hama Museum, which is also a zoo, welcomes visitors from all over the country, schools and foreign tourists and street children who find in it a haven of peace and fun.By Patrick FORT(Niger Museum History Culture Paleontology Zoo, Report, 750 words - Already transmitted)PHOTOS, VIDEOzm/seaLoad-Date: January 13, 2021End of Document

ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Gets Commitments from Institutional Investors for its DeFi project, while Bitcoin reaches an All-Time-High price of $34,000PR NewswireJanuary 4, 2021 Monday 9:00 AM ESTCopyright 2021 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1221 wordsDateline: WENZHOU, China, Jan. 4, 2021 BodyPR NewswireZK International GroupCo., Ltd. (Nasdaq: ZKIN) ("ZKIN", "ZK International" or the "Company"), a designer, engineer, manufacturer, and supplier of patented high-performance stainless steel and carbon steel pipe products primarily used for water and gas supplies, is pleased to announce that xSigma Corporation, a blockchain R&D lab and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is in the process of securing initial liquidity from institutional and individual blockchain investors for its DeFi project.Since its announcement of its DeFi project, xSigma is beginning to gain interest from the Company's shareholders, future shareholders, early supporters of its protocol launch, and now from institutional liquidity providers. xSigma is currently in the process of negotiating and securing significant commitments in crypto from initial liquidity providers for xSigma's protocal. The xSigma DeFi protocol will pay increased rewards to early liquidity providers, giving an advantage to those that participate in the early first weeks.In the meantime, Bitcoin continued its upward trend to its highs exceeding $34,000, which has also caused a continuous growth for the DeFi industry, as is indicated on DeFi Pulse.com which is reporting that over $15 billion has been locked into smart contracts of popular DeFi applications and protocols.Mr. Jiancong Huang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ZK International, stated, "we are very excited to be part of this exciting time as Bitcoin keeps growing, causing the growth of the DeFi space to grow as well, which is now attracting interest of people worldwide. We are pleased to see institutional investors interested in joining xSigma and we look forward to disclosing the completion of these agreements in the near future. The xSigma project is attracting institutional LPs, which is great news for the Company and for the industry in general."About ZK International Group Co., Ltd.ZK International Group Co., Ltd. is a China-based designer, engineer, manufacturer and supplier of patented high-performance stainless steel and carbon steel pipe products that require sophisticated water or gas pipeline systems. The Company owns 28 patents, 21 trademarks, 2 Technical Achievement Awards, and 10 National and Industry Standard Awards.  ZK International is preparing to capitalize on the $850 Billion commitment made by the Chinese Government to improve the quality of water, which in its current supply state is 70% unfit for human contact.  ZK International is Quality Management System Certified (ISO9001), Environmental Management System Certified (ISO1401), and a National Industrial Stainless Steel Production Licensee that is focused on supplying steel piping for the multi-billion dollar industries of Gas and Water sectors.  ZK has supplied stainless steel pipelines for over 2,000 projects, which include the Beijing National Airport, the "Water Cube" and "Bird's Nest", which were venues for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.  Emphasizing superior properties and durability of its steel piping, ZK International is providing a solution for the delivery of high quality, highly sustainable, environmentally sound drinkable water to not only to the China market but to international markets such as Europe, East Asia and Southeast Asia.  For more information please visit http://www.ZKInternationalGroup.com. Additionally, please follow the Company on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and Weibo. For further information on the Company's SEC filings please visit http://www.sec.gov.About XSigma CorporationXSigma Corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ZK International Group Co., Ltd. Together with ZK International, has launched xSigma as a research and development lab back in 2018 to solve real-world infrastructure challenges. Its mandate was to explore new opportunities in smart contracts, supply chain management and other blockchain-based solutions. XSigma has since pivoted to decentralized finance, focusing on decentralized exchanges, stablecoins and lending protocols. The research lab is now actively working on its ecosystem of products beginning with its DeFi protocol. The ultimate objective is to build a range of financial tools and products for the flourishing decentralized finance industry.  The xSigma team that are being assembled are on the leading edge of blockchain research and development that intersects decentralized finance, supply chain management, IoT, and infrastructure. The DeFi protocol is one of many decentralized finance projects xSigma plans to launch over the next 12 months. It will feed into a growing network of DeFi products for enterprise and consumer markets. Any blockchain protocol is subject to a degree of risk; xSigma's DeFi protocol has implemented tamper-resistant programming, but is still subject to potential hacks.For further information about xSigma, please visit its website at http://www.xsigma."http://www.xsigma.com andhttp://www.xsigma.fi Safe Harbor Statement This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "estimate" or "continue" or the negative or other variations thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of ZK International.  Actual results may differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties, as well as other risk factors that are included in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Although ZK International believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in forward-looking statements will be realized.  In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by ZK International or any other person that their objectives or plans will be achieved. ZK International does not undertake any obligation to revise the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Investor Contact:Sherry ZhengWeitian Group LLCEmail:shunyu.zheng@weitian-ir.com  Phone: +1 718-213-7386 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zk-international-subsidiary-xsigma-corporation-gets-commitments-from-institutional-investors-for-its-defi-project-while-bitcoin-reaches-an-all-time-high-price-of-34-000--301200101.htmlSOURCE ZK International Group Co., Ltd.Load-Date: January 4, 2021End of Document

US blacklists Xiaomi and tech stocks fallCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 14, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 242 wordsBodyAccording to a reuters agency report, Donald Trump's government blacklisted nine Chinese-origin companies, including Xiaomi, so they won't be able to do business with American companies. According to the news agency, aircraft manufacturer Comac, as well as Xiaomi, companies will be subject to a new US investment ban, forcing U.S. investors to dispose of their stakes in blacklisted companies by November 11, 2021. Expansion sought out Xiaomi, who confirmed that the news was real, but so far they have not provided an official stance on what will happen or the actions that can be taken. In addition to the technology company, the list includes other companies such as the China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC), which is state-controlled. This is not the first time the US has imposed bans on companies of Chinese origin, among the most popular has been the commercial blockade on Huawei and telecommunications provider SMIC. Other companies such as DJI, specializing in commercial drones, have also been on the U.S. government's radar. Xiaomi's shares fell to 14% after news broke that it had been added to the Pentagon's list of companies with alleged ties to the Chinese army. The other companies added included the China Commercial Aircraft Corporation and the China National Aviation Company. Although it had been rumored that other companies, such as Alibaba and Tencent, would be on this list, their inclusion has so far been ruled out. Load-Date: January 15, 2021End of Document

Marcelo Ebrard appreciates the work of Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs Julian VenturaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 2, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 206 wordsBodyMexico City. - Chancellor Marcelo Ebrard thanked Julián Ventura for his two years as Undersecretary of Foreign Affairs."I thank Julián Ventura for these two years of regular and loyal work for Mexico. I wish you the best in this 2021 that starts and succeeds in your new tasks!! Thank you Julian, recognition and gratitude to you!!"He shared Marcelo Ebrard.                           Social media users responded to Marcelo Ebrard by noting that Julián Ventura was one of the best workers of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.Julián Ventura Valero since January 1, 2019 served as Undersecretary of Foreign Affairs, Sherpa of Mexico for the G20 and holder of the Matías Romero Institute.Julián Ventura has served as Mexico's Ambassador to China and the United Kingdom.Marcelo Ebrard also made known on Twitter his thanks to the Chinese government for the support I give Mexico for the acquisition of supplies that were required for doctors and to care in hospitals for patients with Covid-19.Marcelo Ebrard thanked the Minister of Foreign Affairs and State Counsellor of the People's Republic of China, Wang Yi.It also agreed to strengthen the strategic relationship between the two countries within the framework of the Covid-19 pandemic.Load-Date: January 3, 2021End of Document

University of Pennsylvania: Why the Semiconductor Shortage Won't End SoonTargeted News ServiceMarch 20, 2021 Saturday 9:40 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 2274 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania Body(TNSRes) -- The University of Pennsylvania issued the following news:Your smartphone? It runs on a semiconductor. The innards of your PlayStation? It runs on a semiconductor. The display in your car? Yes, that too runs on a semiconductor.It's no exaggeration to say that much of what we rely on in our daily lives is powered by these tiny, waferlike circuit chips called semiconductors. Today, 40% of an automobile's value is estimated to be related to its electronics. This makes the shortage of the essential part very concerning to the United States' economy, enough so that President Joe Biden signed an executive order on Feb. 24 authorizing a long-term supply chain review of six sectors of the economy, and a short-term review of semiconductors and the materials needed to make them.To understand the scope of the shortage, precedent for it, and whether the shortage might end any time soon--freeing up supply for everything from medical diagnostic equipment to smart fridges--Morris A. Cohen, the Panasonic Professor of Manufacturing & Logistics in the Wharton School, explains the ongoing situation.What is a semiconductor, and what are some typical things they power or are necessary for?Just about everything, now. Your phone, your TV, your home appliances, your car--you name it. We use semiconductor chips to control and modify processes that, as consumers and individuals, we own and use. We also use them for industrial equipment, airplanes, automobiles--they're ubiquitous.The media conversation seems to focus on automobiles. Why is that?They are facing a shortage, a crisis. There is a lack of sufficient supply, which has led them to actually shut down factories and cut back production and lay off workers around the world. The reason is, they don't have chips, and many people haven't thought about this, but we have many, many chips inside our cars today. You can look at a car as a moving computer. Every car has all kinds of systems--heating, air conditioning, entertainment, the engine--and they are all controlled and monitored by electronic chips. And as you well know with manufacturing, when the manufacturer is short one part, it doesn't matter how small it is: You can't finish assembly or ship the product, so you have severe disruption. And this has happened before, by the way.So this is precedented?Yes. In 2011, we had the famous earthquake in Japan, Fukushima, and the consequence of that was that there was a company called Renasas that produces chips, primarily for the auto industry but for others as well. It turned out that this one factory, not far from Fukushima, was a major supplier of chips that go into automobiles around the world. And because of the tsunami and the earthquake, the factory was shut down. And as a result, worldwide capacity was reduced significantly, by about 25%--very noticeably. And factories all over the world had to curtail production and shut down--Japanese manufacturers, German, Chinese--you name it. And it turned out that all these manufacturers were installing modules required for assembly, called 'subassemblies', i.e., the entertainment system, the fuel monitoring system, or the climate control system. All of these modules, produced by various vendors, are then assembled into the automobile. These days, many components and subassemblies use a lot of chips. It turns out that for a lot of manufacturers around the world, this one plant was a major source of supply. So, when it went down, everybody was disrupted. What was interesting was that most companies didn't even know this factory was a supplier to their suppliers. That's the nature of supply chains. They do not just include first-tier suppliers but require that all the levels--tiers--below the first satisfy demands as well. And this led to what we call a 'diamond shape' supply chain, i.e., one with a perfect choke point. All material flow has to go through this one point and when it is disrupted, the whole system brakes down.This happened in 2011, and it took many months for the major manufacturers to recover production levels. Four months, six months--it depended on the manufacturer. Everybody said, 'We learned our lesson and know where we are vulnerable. Surely it won't happen again.'It happened again.It sounds like a house of cards.Now it's not just Japan, but it's Toyota and Samsung who are the major suppliers of chips to the auto industry. And it's not that they were disrupted, they just didn't have enough capacity because of enormous demand changes. This was the case, not for the auto industry alone, but also for all of the consumer electronics producers who use far more chips than the auto industry. Consider what has happened during the last year, because of the pandemic. We're at home watching TV, using our devices, people are purchasing more, and the demand for consumer electronics and other devices has gone way up. In addition, in the first two quarters [of 2020], demand for cars went way down. People just weren't buying cars. So, all manufacturers assumed they'd have to scale back and they did not order a lot more inventory. They are efficient; it's called 'just-in-time' inventory management, or 'lean' manufacturing. As a result, they didn't order extra inventory.In the second half of last year, demand exploded--people all of a sudden started buying cars. When the manufacturers went to order more chips, they discovered that there wasn't enough capacity because it had already been allocated to other industries, like consumer electronics.Is it just the pandemic that caused this?Well, I would say the pandemic was the root cause. It disrupted the demand patterns significantly, and the way that companies responded to this demand shock or failed to anticipate it led to a problem. Manufacturers are supposed to be able to manage these things--that's what we teach in our supply chain management courses: how to minimize risk and match supply with demand. Unfortunately, they fell down. You could point the finger and say they made bad decisions and make a variety of after-the-fact explanations, but this was primarily caused by unprecedented shifts in demand. On one hand, consumer electronics exploded, and the auto industry tanked, and then it exploded.Is there a push toward manufacturing chips in the U.S.?That's a big reaction. The federal government has come up with a program, 'CHIPS for America,' which promotes domestic manufacturing. And we know about supply chain disruptions now, all of us. I've studied this topic for years and no one knew what I was doing. [Laughs] The argument is, 'If we had more factories in the U.S. making chips, we wouldn't be so dependent on foreign suppliers and we'd be less vulnerable during a disruption.' Which is true. So the U.S. government now is coming up with incentives to try to essentially bring back U.S. manufacturing of semiconductors back, this is called 'reshoring.' The U.S. used to be dominant in chip production, and now it's down to 12% of world capacity, which is significant, but it used to be much higher. Semiconductors is a major industry and it's vital, not only for domestic economy but also for defense. These chips are used a lot in aerospace and military systems.So, that's the argument. But, to build a semiconductor foundry--a factory that produces chips--the price tag now is $4 to $5 billion. It takes years to assemble a factory and even once it's open, it can take up to a year to tune the process to get the yields to the point of being viable. For the first six to nine months, they're testing and modifying. You can't flip a switch and bring factories back home.That's probably a skilled-labor job, too, right?These factories are completely automated. You might see the odd person, but not too many. And we have a major semiconductor equipment industry that produces the hardware that goes into the chip factories. They're selling billions of dollars per year. One of the biggest is Applied Materials, for example. The main component of the cost of producing a chip is the equipment, which is highly automated. There's a lot of skilled labor that goes into assembling equipment, and a certain amount in running the factories. Maintenance also is a big issue because if a machine goes down, the factory goes down and stops producing, and this disruption can cost $100,000 per hour.It's a capital-intensive, complex industry. And capacity is subject to enormous technological change as well. Every two or three years, the manufacturers change technology as they come up with better designs of either the chips or the equipment. As a result, this industry is governed by Moore's law that says every 18 months the cost of producing a chip goes down by half. And this has been going on for 40 years. And because of this, we have amazingly cheap electronics that do amazing things.But the technology that produces such products is constantly being modified and updated. I have spent a lot of time working with this industry. It's a challenging industry. And with a disruption like COVID that causes demands of major customers to go back and forth like this, there are going to be disruptions. And there have been.Will we see price increases soon?We've seen shortage allocations. If you want to buy a car today, you'll probably have to wait to get what you want. This is also true for a lot of other products. Some prices will go up and there will be more delays.What does Biden's executive order do?Everyone understands now that the operations of supply chain are critical for the economy and our well-being. I guess it all came home when the COVID crisis started and we went to the supermarket and saw no toilet paper, right? And people panicked. We had all this panic-buying of toilet paper. And it turns out there was lots of toilet paper, it just wasn't in the right place. Managing supply chains is now recognized as essential and President Biden has put together a task force to look at this. It's not the first time that's happened either--and I think it's wonderful and a great idea. But I think the changes that need to be made must come from companies; government has limited impact. They can promote things and provide incentives, and they do, and this will modify but not dictate the decisions of companies.I participated in a study a few years back, working with a group of professors and factories from around the world, about the sourcing of manufacturing: What drives decisions of a company to locate or relocate manufacturing from one country to another? This is a critical issue for semiconductors now. 'Let's bring them back.' One of the task force's goals is to promote that. But it's not a simple decision for a company to make. There are tradeoffs and risks to be considered. It used to be dictated strictly by labor costs--'Go to China because the labor costs are lower.' That is no longer true and solving this problem is not that simple.So, I think it's great that we have recognition at all levels of government that we have to modify policy that influences supply-chain decisions, such as taxes, incentives, and tariffs. These things are important and will affect the trajectory of decisions, but there are many other factors that go into a company's global supply chain strategy. And every country in the world is trying to do the same thing; everyone wants citizens to have good jobs and to have access to low-cost products. Governments want to facilitate that. You have the Chinese and U.S. government, for example, competing for the same thing and each incentivizing their economy to achieve the same outcomes. It is now a situation where supply chains are competing with each other.How does this problem get solved?I don't think it's going away soon. You can't create capacity overnight, so we will have to live with the consequences.Companies can make decisions now that will achieve resiliency and, thus, mitigate risks going forward, and that's what they are all trying to do. This could be based on finding other suppliers or redesigning products and processes, or building up inventory of components. This is being done as much as possible. And that will have some effect. But going back to toilet paper, when the crisis started, you went to the supermarket and saw empty shelves. But as I said before, it wasn't because of a shortage of capacity; manufacturing of toilet paper was sufficient to meet demand. I'm not an expert, but I'd think consumption was not going to change that much. So, it's a question of, 'Where is all the toilet paper going?' More than half of it was being produced in large rolls that go to institutional users, like schools and factories. And they were all shut down. You can't buy big rolls for a home; it wouldn't fit. So, you had to repackage production. That took time, but not years or months--a few weeks to retool the machines. Because it's basically the same product. They also had to reallocate available supply to rebalance supply and demand, dynamically. They did all of these things, and as a result, there was lots of toilet paper on the store shelves a month later. That problem was solved.You can try to do the same with semiconductors, but it won't work as well. You can't just repackage them.Chips used in automobiles are also highly specialized for the design of a car. You can't take a Chevy Bolt chip and use it for a Tesla. Thus, you can't pool supply and reallocate it. You can do this with toilet paper because it's a commodity. But these chips are highly specialized, and that limits the ability to pool supply to mitigate this crisis.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7427035 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 20, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 2:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 4:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 9:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 3:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 1:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 2:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 10, 2021 Sunday GENERAL_EDIT_CORRECTION ERROR Document ID 3 Has error Validate old format failed - Input Date Invalid - 0005: Unparseable date: "0005"ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 10, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 10:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 6:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 3:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 5:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday GENERAL_EDIT_CORRECTION ERROR Document ID 25 Has error Validate old format failed - Input Date Invalid - 0005: Unparseable date: "0005"ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 11:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 12:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 1:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 4:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 8:05 AM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 9, 2021 Saturday GENERAL_EDIT_CORRECTION ERROR Document ID 24 Has error Validate old format failed - Input Date Invalid - 0005: Unparseable date: "0005"ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 9:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 8:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 7:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 5:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 8, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 6:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 8, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 10:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

Briefing.com: Tech StocksBriefing.comJanuary 8, 2021 Friday 11:05 PM ESTCopyright 2021 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 875 wordsBodyTech StocksGeneral Commentary Updated: 08-Jan-21 16:34 ET The major averages recouped morning losses into the latter half of action on Friday, ultimately ending with modest gains all around. Investors shrugged off this morning's disappointing jobs data, perhaps passed off as a blip on the radar as a sign of increased vaccination efforts across the nation. Overall, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite edged out a win on Friday, up 134.49 points (+1.03%) to 13,201.97. The S&P 500 finished higher by 20.89 points (+0.55%) to 3,824.68, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 56.84 points (+0.18%) to 31,097.97. The S&P 500 information technology index (+0.75%) ended Friday about middle of the pack in the S&P 500 sector standings. Today's action in the social media group led the broader tech space higher. Overall, Baidu (BIDU 240.25, +32.36, +15.57%) led the group following reports out overnight that the company was planning on entering the smart EV space. Rumored partner Geely (GELYY 85.64, +12.68) ended +17.38% higher in domestic action and nearly +20% higher in Hong Kong. Other outperformers in the Global X Social Media Index (SOCL 65.60, +1.93, +3.03%) included BiliBili (BILI 118.47, +7.07, +6.35%), Spotify (SPOT 353.11, +21.75, +6.56%), and Tencent (TCEHY 76.94, +4.09, +5.61%). Elsewhere, software firm New Relic (NEWR 75.18, +10.24) ended +15.77% higher following upside guidance out last night. The stock ended atop the iShares Tech-Software ETF (IGV 355.13, +5.62, +1.61%) after issuing upside Q3 revenue guidance, outlining expectations for revenues and annual recurring revenues to exceed the high end of its prior guidance. What's more, NEWR also announced that COO/President Michael Christenson would step back from his day-to-day operating role but will remain as COO through the end of the fiscal year in support of a smooth transition; Bill Staples has been promoted to President and Chief Product Officer. Shares of Avaya Holdings (AVYA 22.06, +2.31) ended +11.70% higher after a bullish initiation report out of Craig Hallum. Telecom firm Acacia Communications (ACIA 79.60, +7.15, +9.87%) also made headlines today following news that the company and Cisco (CSCO 45.06, +0.10, +0.22%) had terminated their prior merger agreement. Specifically, because approval of the Chinese government's State Administration for Market Regulation was not received within the timeframe contemplated by the merger agreement, Acacia did not have an obligation to close the merger before the arrival of the January 8, 2021 extended end date. Other outperformers in the iShares US Telecoms ETF (IYZ 31.11, +0.05, +0.16%) included Vonage (VG 13.19, +0.33, +2.57%), F5 Networks (FFIV 191.24, +11.14, +6.19%), and Arista Networks (ANET 306.12, +10.15, +3.43%). We'd also point out moves in select solar stocks. Shares of JinkoSolar Holding (JKS 66.40, -5.91, -8.17%), Daqo New Energy (DQ 77.11, -2.67, -3.35%), and Enphase Energy (ENHP 207.41, -6.35, -2.97%) ended decently lower to close out the week, trimming their weekly advances. Shares shed a bit today in light of a NY Times report which named JKS and DQ as potential companies tied to forced labor in China. Overall, the Invesco Solar ETF (TAN 119.13, -2.42) shed -1.99% today. Today's laggard, by a modest margin, was the chip space. Overall, the PHLX Semiconductor Index (SOX 2,936.46, -0.53, -0.02%) only lost a fraction of a percent. Last night, Micron (MU 77.42, -1.69, -2.14%) reported a Q1 earnings and sales beat and gave equally upbeat Q2 guidance. The stock hit an all-time high this morning, but rolled into the close amid some likely profit-taking. We'd also point out Lam Research (LRCX 501.63, -12.83, -2.49%). Shares ended at the bottom of the SOX today following a morning downgrade out of Needham. Analyst N. Quinn Bolton moved to Hold from Buy noting, "We think the WFE industry is at an inflection point, where the growth driver is shifting from NAND in the last cycle to DRAM and foundry/logic in this new cycle. LRCX has outsized exposure to NAND, but relatively weaker positions in DRAM and foundry/logic. Its high reliance on NAND may work against the company as WFE spending shifts in favor of other segments this cycle. We have no doubt that LRCX will continue to gain share in NAND, but we think the mix headwind will mitigate these share gains and lead to relative underperformance. It is never easy to downgrade the stock of a well-managed and top-performing company within a sector. However, we believe valuation appears full on expectations that may be too aggressive. After being a LRCX bull since we initiated coverage in Dec'18, we downgrade the stock to Hold and move to the sidelines." As the session wound down, too, we saw a Bloomberg report hit the wires suggesting Intel (INTC 51.65, -0.54, -1.03%) was in talks with Samsung (SSNLF 86.00, flat) and Taiwan Semi (TSM 118.69, -2.74, -2.26%) about potentially outsourcing chip manufacturing. Other groups which ended nicely higher today included cloud (SKYY 97.05, +1.58, +1.65%) and cyber security (HACK 58.84, +0.87, +1.50%). Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

HONG KONG POLICE ARREST 11 IN PRO-DEMOCRACY ACTIVISTS' ESCAPE ATTEMPTStates News ServiceJanuary 14, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 333 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the Voice of America (VOA):Hong Kong police have arrested 11 people on suspicion of helping 12 pro-democracy activists who attempted to flee to Taiwan by speedboat last year.News outlets in Hong Kong said eight men and three women between the ages of 18 and 72 were detained Thursday. Among those arrested were Daniel Wong, a well-known human rights lawyer and pro-democracy supporter. Wong posted on his Facebook page early Thursday morning that police had arrived at his apartment to arrest him.The 12 activists were arrested in August by the Chinese coast guard while trying to escape to Taiwan. During a court hearing in the southern city of Shenzhen late last month, eight of them were sentenced to seven months in prison on a charge of illegally crossing a border, while two others were convicted of organizing an illegal border crossing and sentenced to two years and three years in prison.Two juveniles who were also arrested on the ill-fated journey were sent back to Hong Kong after pleading guilty to illegal border crossing.Many pro-democracy activists have fled to Taiwan, the self-ruled island claimed by China, out of fear they would be punished for their activities, especially under the harsh new national security law approved by the Chinese central government in June.Thursday's arrests come a week after more than 50 pro-democracy activists were arrested in the biggest crackdown under the new law, which was enacted in response to the massive and often violent pro-democracy demonstrations that engulfed the financial hub in the last half of 2019.Under the new law, anyone in Hong Kong believed to be carrying out terrorism, separatism, subversion of state power or collusion with foreign forces could be tried and face life in prison if convicted.Western governments and human rights advocates say the measure effectively ends the self-autonomy guaranteed under the pact that switched control of Hong Kong from Britain to China in 1997.Load-Date: January 14, 2021End of Document

Orange Juice: Mexico, country 13 in the world in vaccine administrationCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 5, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 370 wordsBodyGood morning, readersMEXICO1. Mexico, country 13 worldwide in the administration of Covid-19 vaccines, with 43 thousand 960 doses administered. Today came a new batch of biologics consisting of 53 thousand 605 doses. In addition, the use of the Oxford and AstraZeneca vaccine was approved yesterday.2.Governors shall leave debts for 238 thousand mdp. With elections on the doorstep, 15 governors will leave to successors debts to commercial banking and stock issues. The most indebted states are Nuevo León, Sonora, Chihuahua, Baja California and Nayarit. International 3. WHO will investigate in China the origin of Covid-19, more than one year after the emergence of the new coronavirus in Wuhan City. The Chinese government has been accused of an initial cover-up, which allowed the virus to spread further.4. Will total confinement return to Europe? On Tuesday, the United Kingdom, Germany and Italy increased or prolonged their restrictions on a pandemic that does not yield and which fears total quarantine in several countries.ECONOMY AND FINANCE5. Bitcoin, digital gold. The digital currency has become a rival to gold and its price could reach $146,000 if established as a refuge asset, investment bank JPMorgan said on Tuesday. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY6. How old is the universe? 13 thousand 770 million years old. New astronomical observations, plus a little cosmic geometry, suggest that the universe is that age, with a deviation of more/minus 40 million years.CULTURE AND ENTRETENIM IENTO7. Africa, on the way to recovering itsart.  France approved the "transfer of ownership" of various art objects for the benefit of Senegal and Benin. Today, nearly 90% of African art is off the continent.8. What will 2021 look like? Several films imagined the present. Mission to Mars, Moon Zero Two, Looking for a Friend at the End of the World and eight other tapes raised several scenarios for the year it begins.SPORTS9. Premier League registers 40 covid positives. Cases occur in players and members of the technical staff, however, the competition goes ahead as planned.Something that was most read in Vanguardia MX'It's okay, tomorrow the president defends me.' ... I sprout about Lopez-Gatell's photos on the beach.Load-Date: January 6, 2021End of Document

Moore Law and PobrismCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 17, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1500 wordsBodyIn 1969, the Apollo 11 mission put the first humans on the moon. It was a gigantic triumph of science, in which the AGC computer produced by MIT participated with the work of more than 800 scientists over seven years.It cost hundreds of millions of dollars today and was the size of a large travel suitcase, when normal computers occupied the space of a building. If its volume could not be reduced, it simply would not have entered the ship. Although at the time it seemed like a technological portent, it had 72 KB of RAM, while today any smartphone has 4 GB of RAM, a million times more than that of the AGC50 years ago it seemed that computers would always be out of the reach of ordinary people, but that denied reality. Gordon Moore passed the law that bears his surname, which says that every year the capacity of the microprocessors doubles and their price drops in half. The result is that we all currently have powerful computers in our pocket without the state having to subsidize their production. Huang's current law says Moore's law fell short. Technological development accelerated. Over the past eight years the capacity of microprocessors has multiplied 317 times.Quantum computing based on the use of ulna took a big step. It will have a capacity thousands of times larger than conventional computing. He had a big boost when Max Planck Institutes and Niels Bohr University managed to transmit quantum information using light as a vehicle. We're about to make the sciences and technique another exponential leap.Delay. An Argentine journalist asked me "what involvement will the Internet companies that blocked Trump's accounts ask for in biden's government? What benefits of the state will they seek with democrats?"But the values and dreams of these groups do not resemble those of the clientel leaders of underdeveloped countries, or those of America's most backward sectors, such as those that took the Capitol. People like Jeff Bezos or Bill Gates have no interest in being public officials or seeking state subsidies. Their companies weigh on the world more than most countries in our Latin America and operate within a different paradigm.Elon Musk, the richest man in the world, owner of Tesla, said, "People attack me because I have all those possessions, all those houses. All right, I won't have them anymore," he'll sell them to finance the creation of a human colony on Mars. It hopes to start the project in six years and has a million inhabitants by 2050. Connected to the world's largest corporations, millions of people and businesses work that are thriving independent.What would have happened if an advocate of pobrismo proposed in 1969 that it was better to stop inventing things and accumulate money, to popularize computers with 73K? We'd still be handing them out, science wouldn't have progressed, and computers would be for minorities.If large corporations depreciated meritocracy and hired mediocre workers, we would have remained in obscurantism. We all have access to technology because some invested trillions of dollars and a lot of prepared people worked for that, not because a politician did demagoguery by handing out subsidized computers.The education of the text was a breakthrough of the first industrial revolution, it now seems essential that people be literacy. With the third industrial revolution something similar happened with computers and the Internet. Those who do not sail are excluded from contemporary society and suffer from a kind of 21st-century illiteracy. That's why it was so transcendent that five millionArgentines have accessed the Network in the last five years and it is so serious that the pobrismo stops the development of the Internet with client policies.There is no reason for Latin Americans to consider ourselves inferior and to ensure that less than 5% of the knowledge that was created in the last year in the world will be produced in our countries.Nor so that we always have the worst quality for ideological reasons. Thomas Khun ran in "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions," which at every moment exist in every science paradigms that make sense of it. The paradigm is nothing more than the consensus of the scientific community working in a discipline. He finds out by reading specialized magazines. For serious information about Covid and vaccines, you can check out The Lancet, the New England Journal of Medicine or Jama online. In all of them it is clear that pfizer, Moderna and AstraZeneca vaccines offer the greatest guarantees. They were applied by personalities such as the Pope, Joe Biden, Mike Pence, Benjamin Netanyahu, kings and leaders of Europe and America.Vaccines. Given the nature of their authoritarian governments, Russian and Chinese vaccines have not given the international scientific community reliable information about their work. It is such societies that there is no greater guarantee of the truthfulness of democratic societies than the free press. If a vaccinated man has problems in a democratic country, the press denounces the problem. In China, journalist Zhang Zhan denounced the covid's existence and was sentenced to four years in prison for "provoking altercations and seeking trouble." His work would have saved thousands of lives and in the West he would have been awarded the Pulitzer. In countries like North Korea and Nicaragua, for a good time, there were no sick people because they were simply executed or said to have died from unforeseen pneumonia.Why do we have to apply a vaccine in Argentina that only Belarus and Venezuela buy? Why should our older adults inject something that Vladimir Putin himself fears? Although ideology pushes to send secret missions to get vaccines in the battleship Potemkin, it must be remembered that the USSR is over.There is an important discussion about whether the third industrial revolution will lead to forced Westernization of other cultures. The most interesting text ever published on the subject is that of the Chinese philosopher Yuk Hui, "Fragmenting the Future. Essays on technodiversity", recently published in Spanish in Argentina.  The author teaches at Bauhaus University in Weimar and at the University of Hong Kong School of Creative Media. His main fear is demented by some experiences such as Japan, the United Arab Emirates, India, South Korea and others.Attempts to force western culture in both Reza Pahlevi's Iran and Gamal Ataturk's Turkey failed in the Islamic world. These experiments, driven by local leaders, clashed with Islamic culture and ended up failing at the hands of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and Recep Erdo?an.  The fate of the governments imposed by the United States in Iraq and Afghanistan will be worse, they just have to review what happened to Ng. D. Diem in Viet Nam.Emirates. The third industrial revolution has a mind-blowing application in the United Arab Emirates that, while preserving Islamic culture, because they are applying point technology to face the future.The prime minister, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, is a visionary leader who thinks strategically about what will happen in the coming decades. He knows that oil will run out and that, even if that does not happen, the tendency of industrialized societies toreplacing it with renewable energy can lead your country to collapse.It has driven changes in all areas so that the Emirates can remain prosperous, even if oil disappears. The country was completely desert, it rained nine days a year, 90% of the groundwater is salty. Instead of throwing oil money out the window, the Emirati have used it to build an infrastructure with which they desalinate billions of litres of seawater daily, getting 90% of the water they need. Not only do they have water for consumption, but they are turning the desert green producing vegetables and animals.With a complex satellite and salt weather monitoring system they cause rains that allow to form dams and artificial lakes.They promoted reforms that authorize foreigners to preserve their home country's laws on divorce and inheritance, decriminalizing concubine and alcohol consumption.  The Emirates recognized Israel and successfully sent a ship to Mars. When a stateist believes he must prestige his country to attract investment, he acts coherently to achieve it.At a state-of-the-art communication event, the Sheikh invited the citizens of the world to choose a new logo of the country, among three proposals, promising to plant a tree for every vote obtained. It garnered more than 1.5 million votes from some 130 countries and more than 2,000 cities around the world.The Emirates joins the future while retaining the essential elements of Islamic culture. If there was anyone who thinks strategically about other oil countries, the future might be better. Will there be any official in Argentina who think strategically about Vaca Muerta? If you don't do it to her soon, she can be definitely dead.*GWU teacher. Member of the Argentine Political Club.Load-Date: January 18, 2021End of Document

Bay Street Seen Opening LowerCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 15, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 334 wordsBody       Weakness in European markets, rising U.S.-China tensions and lower commodity prices point to a negative start for Canadian shares Friday morning.  Despite the announcement of a $1.9 trillion stimulus plan by U.S. President-elect Joe Biden, the mood is likely to remain cautious due to persisting concerns about a surge in coronavirus cases across the world. The Canadian market ended modestly higher on Thursday, led by gains in healthcare and energy shares. The benchmark S&P;/TSX Composite Index ended with a gain of 23.35 points or 0.13% at 17,958.09, after rising to a high of 18,025.30 intraday. Aurora Cannabis Inc. (ACB.TO) said it has entered into an agreement with Great North Distributors Inc., Canada's first national sales broker for legalized adult-use cannabis. Under the deal, Great North will be the exclusive representative for Aurora's portfolio of brands across the Canadian cannabis retail environment. Canada Goose Holdings Inc. (GOOS.TO) has announced the launch of its first-ever capsule collection, created in partnership with guest designer, Angel Chen, who is one of fashion's brightest young talents. Asian stocks turned in a mixed performance on Friday as worries about rising U.S.-China tensions offset investor optimism over U.S. President-elect Joe Biden announcing a $1.9 trillion stimulus package to boost the world's largest economy. Chinese shares ended a choppy session on a flat note after the U.S. government blacklisted Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp and ten other companies over alleged military links. European stocks are drifting deeper into the red after a weak start as concerns over rising coronavirus cases in China, and several parts of Europe outweight Joe Biden's announcement of a $1.9 trillion stimulus plan. West Texas Intermediate Crude oil futures for February are down $0.77 or 1.44% at $52.80 a barrel. Gold futures are down $4.70 or 0.25% at $1,846.70 an ounce, while Silver futures are sliding $0.575 or 2.2% at $25.227 an ounce.        Load-Date: January 16, 2021End of Document

Bay Street Seen Opening LowerRTT News (United States)January 15, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 334 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       Weakness in European markets, rising U.S.-China tensions and lower commodity prices point to a negative start for Canadian shares Friday morning.  Despite the announcement of a $1.9 trillion stimulus plan by U.S. President-elect Joe Biden, the mood is likely to remain cautious due to persisting concerns about a surge in coronavirus cases across the world. The Canadian market ended modestly higher on Thursday, led by gains in healthcare and energy shares. The benchmark S&P;/TSX Composite Index ended with a gain of 23.35 points or 0.13% at 17,958.09, after rising to a high of 18,025.30 intraday. Aurora Cannabis Inc. (ACB.TO) said it has entered into an agreement with Great North Distributors Inc., Canada's first national sales broker for legalized adult-use cannabis. Under the deal, Great North will be the exclusive representative for Aurora's portfolio of brands across the Canadian cannabis retail environment. Canada Goose Holdings Inc. (GOOS.TO) has announced the launch of its first-ever capsule collection, created in partnership with guest designer, Angel Chen, who is one of fashion's brightest young talents. Asian stocks turned in a mixed performance on Friday as worries about rising U.S.-China tensions offset investor optimism over U.S. President-elect Joe Biden announcing a $1.9 trillion stimulus package to boost the world's largest economy. Chinese shares ended a choppy session on a flat note after the U.S. government blacklisted Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp and ten other companies over alleged military links. European stocks are drifting deeper into the red after a weak start as concerns over rising coronavirus cases in China, and several parts of Europe outweight Joe Biden's announcement of a $1.9 trillion stimulus plan. West Texas Intermediate Crude oil futures for February are down $0.77 or 1.44% at $52.80 a barrel. Gold futures are down $4.70 or 0.25% at $1,846.70 an ounce, while Silver futures are sliding $0.575 or 2.2% at $25.227 an ounce.        Load-Date: January 16, 2021End of Document

WHY THE SEMICONDUCTOR SHORTAGE WON'T END SOONStates News ServiceMarch 19, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 2086 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: PHILADELPHIA, Penn. BodyThe following information was released by the University of Pennsylvania:What is a semiconductor, and what are some typical things they power or are necessary for?Just about everything, now. Your phone, your TV, your home appliances, your caryou name it. We use semiconductor chips to control and modify processes that, as consumers and individuals, we own and use. We also use them for industrial equipment, airplanes, automobilesthey're ubiquitous.The media conversation seems to focus on automobiles. Why is that?They are facing a shortage, a crisis. There is a lack of sufficient supply, which has led them to actually shut down factories and cut back production and lay off workers around the world. The reason is, they don't have chips, and many people haven't thought about this, but we have many, many chips inside our cars today. You can look at a car as a moving computer. Every car has all kinds of systemsheating, air conditioning, entertainment, the engineand they are all controlled and monitored by electronic chips. And as you well know with manufacturing, when the manufacturer is short one part, it doesn't matter how small it is: You can't finish assembly or ship the product, so you have severe disruption. And this has happened before, by the way.So this is precedented?Yes. In 2011, we had the famous earthquake in Japan, Fukushima, and the consequence of that was that there was a company called Renasas that produces chips, primarily for the auto industry but for others as well. It turned out that this one factory, not far from Fukushima, was a major supplier of chips that go into automobiles around the world. And because of the tsunami and the earthquake, the factory was shut down. And as a result, worldwide capacity was reduced significantly, by about 25%very noticeably. And factories all over the world had to curtail production and shut downJapanese manufacturers, German, Chineseyou name it. And it turned out that all these manufacturers were installing modules required for assembly, called 'subassemblies', i.e., the entertainment system, the fuel monitoring system, or the climate control system. All of these modules, produced by various vendors, are then assembled into the automobile. These days, many components and subassemblies use a lot of chips. It turns out that for a lot of manufacturers around the world, this one plant was a major source of supply. So, when it went down, everybody was disrupted. What was interesting was that most companies didn't even know this factory was a supplier to their suppliers. That's the nature of supply chains. They do not just include first-tier suppliers but require that all the levelstiersbelow the first satisfy demands as well. And this led to what we call a 'diamond shape' supply chain, i.e., one with a perfect choke point. All material flow has to go through this one point and when it is disrupted, the whole system brakes down.This happened in 2011, and it took many months for the major manufacturers to recover production levels. Four months, six monthsit depended on the manufacturer. Everybody said, 'We learned our lesson and know where we are vulnerable. Surely it won't happen again.'It happened again.It sounds like a house of cards.Now it's not just Japan, but it's Toyota and Samsung who are the major suppliers of chips to the auto industry. And it's not that they were disrupted, they just didn't have enough capacity because of enormous demand changes. This was the case, not for the auto industry alone, but also for all of the consumer electronics producers who use far more chips than the auto industry. Consider what has happened during the last year, because of the pandemic. We're at home watching TV, using our devices, people are purchasing more, and the demand for consumer electronics and other devices has gone way up. In addition, in the first two quarters [of 2020], demand for cars went way down. People just weren't buying cars. So, all manufacturers assumed they'd have to scale back and they did not order a lot more inventory. They are efficient; it's called 'just-in-time' inventory management, or 'lean' manufacturing. As a result, they didn't order extra inventory.In the second half of last year, demand explodedpeople all of a sudden started buying cars. When the manufacturers went to order more chips, they discovered that there wasn't enough capacity because it had already been allocated to other industries, like consumer electronics.Is it just the pandemic that caused this?Well, I would say the pandemic was the root cause. It disrupted the demand patterns significantly, and the way that companies responded to this demand shock or failed to anticipate it led to a problem. Manufacturers are supposed to be able to manage these thingsthat's what we teach in our supply chain management courses: how to minimize risk and match supply with demand. Unfortunately, they fell down. You could point the finger and say they made bad decisions and make a variety of after-the-fact explanations, but this was primarily caused by unprecedented shifts in demand. On one hand, consumer electronics exploded, and the auto industry tanked, and then it exploded.Is there a push toward manufacturing chips in the U.S.?That's a big reaction. The federal government has come up with a program, 'CHIPS for America,' which promotes domestic manufacturing. And we know about supply chain disruptions now, all of us. I've studied this topic for years and no one knew what I was doing. [Laughs] The argument is, 'If we had more factories in the U.S. making chips, we wouldn't be so dependent on foreign suppliers and we'd be less vulnerable during a disruption.' Which is true. So the U.S. government now is coming up with incentives to try to essentially bring back U.S. manufacturing of semiconductors back, this is called 'reshoring.' The U.S. used to be dominant in chip production, and now it's down to 12% of world capacity, which is significant, but it used to be much higher. Semiconductors is a major industry and it's vital, not only for domestic economy but also for defense. These chips are used a lot in aerospace and military systems.So, that's the argument. But, to build a semiconductor foundrya factory that produces chipsthe price tag now is $4 to $5 billion. It takes years to assemble a factory and even once it's open, it can take up to a year to tune the process to get the yields to the point of being viable. For the first six to nine months, they're testing and modifying. You can't flip a switch and bring factories back home.That's probably a skilled-labor job, too, right?These factories are completely automated. You might see the odd person, but not too many. And we have a major semiconductor equipment industry that produces the hardware that goes into the chip factories. They're selling billions of dollars per year. One of the biggest is Applied Materials, for example. The main component of the cost of producing a chip is the equipment, which is highly automated. There's a lot of skilled labor that goes into assembling equipment, and a certain amount in running the factories. Maintenance also is a big issue because if a machine goes down, the factory goes down and stops producing, and this disruption can cost $100,000 per hour.It's a capital-intensive, complex industry. And capacity is subject to enormous technological change as well. Every two or three years, the manufacturers change technology as they come up with better designs of either the chips or the equipment. As a result, this industry is governed by Moore's law that says every 18 months the cost of producing a chip goes down by half. And this has been going on for 40 years. And because of this, we have amazingly cheap electronics that do amazing things.But the technology that produces such products is constantly being modified and updated. I have spent a lot of time working with this industry. It's a challenging industry. And with a disruption like COVID that causes demands of major customers to go back and forth like this, there are going to be disruptions. And there have been.Will we see price increases soon?We've seen shortage allocations. If you want to buy a car today, you'll probably have to wait to get what you want. This is also true for a lot of other products. Some prices will go up and there will be more delays.What does Biden's executive order do?Everyone understands now that the operations of supply chain are critical for the economy and our well-being. I guess it all came home when the COVID crisis started and we went to the supermarket and saw no toilet paper, right? And people panicked. We had all this panic-buying of toilet paper. And it turns out there was lots of toilet paper, it just wasn't in the right place. Managing supply chains is now recognized as essential and President Biden has put together a task force to look at this. It's not the first time that's happened eitherand I think it's wonderful and a great idea. But I think the changes that need to be made must come from companies; government has limited impact. They can promote things and provide incentives, and they do, and this will modify but not dictate the decisions of companies.I participated in a study a few years back, working with a group of professors and factories from around the world, about the sourcing of manufacturing: What drives decisions of a company to locate or relocate manufacturing from one country to another? This is a critical issue for semiconductors now. 'Let's bring them back.' One of the task force's goals is to promote that. But it's not a simple decision for a company to make. There are tradeoffs and risks to be considered. It used to be dictated strictly by labor costs'Go to China because the labor costs are lower.' That is no longer true and solving this problem is not that simple.So, I think it's great that we have recognition at all levels of government that we have to modify policy that influences supply-chain decisions, such as taxes, incentives, and tariffs. These things are important and will affect the trajectory of decisions, but there are many other factors that go into a company's global supply chain strategy. And every country in the world is trying to do the same thing; everyone wants citizens to have good jobs and to have access to low-cost products. Governments want to facilitate that. You have the Chinese and U.S. government, for example, competing for the same thing and each incentivizing their economy to achieve the same outcomes. It is now a situation where supply chains are competing with each other.How does this problem get solved?I don't think it's going away soon. You can't create capacity overnight, so we will have to live with the consequences.Companies can make decisions now that will achieve resiliency and, thus, mitigate risks going forward, and that's what they are all trying to do. This could be based on finding other suppliers or redesigning products and processes, or building up inventory of components. This is being done as much as possible. And that will have some effect. But going back to toilet paper, when the crisis started, you went to the supermarket and saw empty shelves. But as I said before, it wasn't because of a shortage of capacity; manufacturing of toilet paper was sufficient to meet demand. I'm not an expert, but I'd think consumption was not going to change that much. So, it's a question of, 'Where is all the toilet paper going?' More than half of it was being produced in large rolls that go to institutional users, like schools and factories. And they were all shut down. You can't buy big rolls for a home; it wouldn't fit. So, you had to repackage production. That took time, but not years or monthsa few weeks to retool the machines. Because it's basically the same product. They also had to reallocate available supply to rebalance supply and demand, dynamically. They did all of these things, and as a result, there was lots of toilet paper on the store shelves a month later. That problem was solved.You can try to do the same with semiconductors, but it won't work as well. You can't just repackage them.Chips used in automobiles are also highly specialized for the design of a car. You can't take a Chevy Bolt chip and use it for a Tesla. Thus, you can't pool supply and reallocate it. You can do this with toilet paper because it's a commodity. But these chips are highly specialized, and that limits the ability to pool supply to mitigate this crisis.Load-Date: March 24, 2021End of Document

Crude Oil Futures Settle Sharply Lower On Demand ConcernsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 15, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 249 wordsBody       Crude oil futures settled sharply lower on Friday as worries about energy demand resurfaced amid rising coronavirus cases and tighter restrictions on movements in several countries, including China. West Texas Intermediate Crude oil futures for February ended down $1.21 or about 2.3% at $52.36 a barrel. Brent crude futures were down $1.40 or about 2.5% at $55.02 a barrel a little while ago. Coronavirus cases cross two million in Germany today, prompting authorities to consider a "mega-lockdown." Portugal imposed a new nationwide lockdown while Britain said entry into the country will require negative tests. Brazil and Lebanon too tightened restrictions on movements. Fresh curbs on populations were announced from Brazil to Lebanon. Amid fears of surging cases, Germany is considering a "mega-lockdown". France is introducing tougher restrictions for anyone entering the country from outside the EU. Elsewhere, China has put about 22 million people on lockdown due to new outbreaks of Covid-19 in the north and northeastern parts of the country. Meanwhile, a report from Baker Hughes said the number of active U.S. rigs drilling for oil rose by 12 to 287 this week, rising for an eighth successive weak. The total U.S. rigs count went up by 13 to 373, according to the report. Concerns over rising Sino-U.S. tensions also weighed on the commodity after the U.S. government blacklisted Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp and ten other companies over alleged military links.        Load-Date: January 16, 2021End of Document

Crude Oil Futures Settle Sharply Lower On Demand ConcernsRTT News (United States)January 15, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 249 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       Crude oil futures settled sharply lower on Friday as worries about energy demand resurfaced amid rising coronavirus cases and tighter restrictions on movements in several countries, including China. West Texas Intermediate Crude oil futures for February ended down $1.21 or about 2.3% at $52.36 a barrel. Brent crude futures were down $1.40 or about 2.5% at $55.02 a barrel a little while ago. Coronavirus cases cross two million in Germany today, prompting authorities to consider a "mega-lockdown." Portugal imposed a new nationwide lockdown while Britain said entry into the country will require negative tests. Brazil and Lebanon too tightened restrictions on movements. Fresh curbs on populations were announced from Brazil to Lebanon. Amid fears of surging cases, Germany is considering a "mega-lockdown". France is introducing tougher restrictions for anyone entering the country from outside the EU. Elsewhere, China has put about 22 million people on lockdown due to new outbreaks of Covid-19 in the north and northeastern parts of the country. Meanwhile, a report from Baker Hughes said the number of active U.S. rigs drilling for oil rose by 12 to 287 this week, rising for an eighth successive weak. The total U.S. rigs count went up by 13 to 373, according to the report. Concerns over rising Sino-U.S. tensions also weighed on the commodity after the U.S. government blacklisted Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp and ten other companies over alleged military links.        Load-Date: January 16, 2021End of Document

Oil Prices Tumble On Demand WorriesRTT News (United States)January 15, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 186 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       Oi prices fell sharply on Friday as fresh lockdowns across Europe and signs of new outbreaks in China revived worries about fuel demand. Benchmark Brent crude fell 1.8 percent to $55.38 a barrel, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were down 1.5 percent at $52.77. Germany, Europe's biggest economy, today passed two million coronavirus cases as countries tighten restrictions to curb the spread of new, more contagious strains of the disease. Portugal imposed a new nationwide lockdown while Britain requires negative tests for entry. Fresh curbs on populations were announced from Brazil to Lebanon. Amid fears of surging cases, Germany is considering a "mega-lockdown". France is introducing tougher restrictions for anyone entering the country from outside the EU. Elsewhere, China has put millions of people in lockdown in response to new outbreaks of Covid-19 in the north and northeast. Concerns over rising Sino-U.S. tensions also weighed on the commodity after the U.S. government blacklisted Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp and ten other companies over alleged military links.        Load-Date: January 16, 2021End of Document

Oil Prices Tumble On Demand WorriesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 15, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 186 wordsBody       Oi prices fell sharply on Friday as fresh lockdowns across Europe and signs of new outbreaks in China revived worries about fuel demand. Benchmark Brent crude fell 1.8 percent to $55.38 a barrel, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were down 1.5 percent at $52.77. Germany, Europe's biggest economy, today passed two million coronavirus cases as countries tighten restrictions to curb the spread of new, more contagious strains of the disease. Portugal imposed a new nationwide lockdown while Britain requires negative tests for entry. Fresh curbs on populations were announced from Brazil to Lebanon. Amid fears of surging cases, Germany is considering a "mega-lockdown". France is introducing tougher restrictions for anyone entering the country from outside the EU. Elsewhere, China has put millions of people in lockdown in response to new outbreaks of Covid-19 in the north and northeast. Concerns over rising Sino-U.S. tensions also weighed on the commodity after the U.S. government blacklisted Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp and ten other companies over alleged military links.        Load-Date: January 16, 2021End of Document

Market Chatter: Huawei Unveils Biggest Overseas Flagship Store in Saudi ArabiaMT Newswires Live Briefs PROJanuary 18, 2021 Monday 9:36 PM ESTCopyright 2021 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 131 wordsBody Huawei Technologies opened its biggest flagship store outside China in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Reuters reported Friday, citing the Saudi government.The Chinese technology giant secured a lease with Saudi Arabia's Kaden Investment for the store, according to the report.The launch of the flagship store follows the signing of a memorandum of understanding last year between Huawei and the Saudi Authority for Data and Artificial Intelligence to recognize Arabic language and character using AI technology through the collaboration of Huawei and Saudi researchers, the report said.(Market Chatter news is derived from conversations with market professionals globally. This information is believed to be from reliable sources but may include rumor and speculation. Accuracy is not guaranteed.)Load-Date: January 18, 2021End of Document

The two pandemicsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 6, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1294 wordsBodyOn 30 January, it was one year since the World Health Organization (WHO) issued an internationally important public health emergency alert due to the Sars-CoV-2 virus outbreak, better known as Covid-19. It is also the first anniversary of the largest proliferation of fake news ever recorded in the world, and evidently goes hand in hand with the pandemic.While the term "fake news" is not exclusive to 2020, if it was the year of glory to reproduce, mainly on social media, a series of news that questioned the disease, governments and pharmaceutical companies around the world, and so, over the days, with a fearful society with little information about the virus , stories began to be weeded to fill these information gaps and in this way many conspiracy theories were created.The pandemic became the perfect trigger for the effervescence of these theories that have gained strength out of ignorance and fear and, above all, when health authorities and scientists could not offer answers and the few they gave, overnight they contradicted or dismented them, in this way the people who trusted the voices they trusted in the voices they gave, overnight contradicted or dismented them, in this way the people who trusted the voices that , in theory, they would put an order to chaos, lose that trust and tuck in for the most comfortable truth, and that "truth" was offered by conspiracy theories.VIRUS VS TRUMP Thus began to emerge a series of topics that would begin to expand as gunpowder on social networks and many people who could not access a reliable truth decided to listen to what a friend, family member or acquaintance shared through Facebook or Twitter.For example, the origin of the virus was one of the first conspiracies to take strength. We know that the first case was reported at a seafood market in Wuhan and that Patient Zero was a person who consumed a bat soup, but the rumor quickly began to spread that it was actually the implementation of a biological weapon released in an international trade market that would speed up its expansion around the world.This theory has been demented by scientists and governments, however, we see today that the same experts still do not know 100 percent of its origin, not in vain a WHO special team is located in the Chinese city of Wuhan to investigate the origin of the virus, so there is no official stance on the birth of covid , in the meantime, false information, which has no truthful elements, will continue to be speculated and created to fill that gap that society needs to know in order to comfort its security.Several specialists have agreed that society, seeing that it loses control over its life, its knowledge and finds no answers to what it fears, takes refuge in these stories that comfort us and give us that security to displace fear.With the arrival of February, one year after the first case of contagion in the United States, this case would turn over the proliferation of fake news, the common denominator would be former US president Donald Trump. When the virus spread in China, the U.S. government spoke wonders of Chinese President Xi Jinping's administration of pandemic management, but once "the US was infected" the speech changed completely and became a series of accusations that Beijing would have created the virus to hit the U.S. economy to be unbanked by the Asian giant.Trump is a leader among the far-right community, extremist and lovers of "alternative truths," with a patriotic profile with the American first banner, seeing that hegemony breached became a fake news factory against China to hold them accountableof the pandemic.Pointing to a culprit helps people visualize a plan behind a story and that creates a sense of tranquility the moment chaos reigns. There are also people who like to believe that it is special, that they have a greater knowledge than most, that is why they cling to an idea, even if they do not have information that endorses it.5G, CHIPS, FETOS...In the first six months of the pandemic alone, 2,311 reports of rumours, stigmas and conspiracy theories were detected in 25 languages in 87 countries, a situation that alarmed health authorities, as this information would aggravate the pandemic, so the World Health Organization decreed another outbreak but not of a virus precisely , but of misinformation that he baptized of infodemic, a term to describe a massive abundance of information, some accurate and others do not, that make it difficult for people to find reliable sources of information.Six months after the development of several conspiracy theories some have been forgotten, others have been completely refuted, others have evolved and some have also adapted more strongly.Such is the case of the anti-vaccine movement, in the first months the propagating groups of this ideology resumed the foundations of their formation, that vaccines were unnatural and caused autism, cancer or some disease that tied you to follow a lifelong treatment, a profitable business for pharmaceutical companies, according to these groups.Today, this movement has strengthened and just as the war for vaccines is at its peak. Many people consider immunization to be accompanied by a chip that will allow mind control and therefore control of a society, a not-so-new idea if we consider the pillar of all conspiracies to be the control of the world by the world's elite.Similarly there are the anticubrebocas or anti-masks, the denier movement of the coronavirus that considers the use of masks to be a muzzle and yes, they also believe that this represents control of society.These two movements have survived despite the rain of counterinformation that attempts to stop the infodemic, and unfortunately they have strengthened in several countries and mobilized and spoken out against their use and against restrictions imposed by governments to contain contagions at a time when a second and even third wave is being lived in some regions.But a large number of fake news has still been contained thanks to international efforts by WHO, reliable media and various governments.In the most prominent cases is the belief that vaccines are created on the basis of human fetuses or that cause infertility in women, various studies have proven the falsehood of these beliefs.Hydroxychloroquine was quite an issue, it really caused alertness in health authorities, because the rumor of being a drug that could cure Covid began to run, the problem this time it was not only on social media to promote the drug, it was also the responsibility of political leaders who encouraged its use, it is the case of Donald Trump and the representative of Brazil , Jair Bolsonaro, two denialist representatives who at the end of the day also got infected. It is currently scientifically proven that the drug does not cure the disease, it could even aggravate it in advanced patients.The theory that the 5G network facilitated the transmission of the coronavirus, an idea that caused several telecommunication antennas to be burned in several european countries for fear of being infected, also lost strength. The fervor of fear of 5G coincided just as the US and China lived the pointmost high in a technological war, in which Beijing led the way in the development of the new network through Huawei, the West was delayed in the subject, so it was found that the theory was aimed at sabotaging the infrastructure of the Asian company, which gained ground on the old continent in concessions for the installation of cellular service.There were also claims that a mixture of camel and lime urine or simply cow urine could cure a coronavirus infection. Or natural herbal potions or exotic ingredients that caused the deaths of hundreds of people around the world.Load-Date: February 7, 2021End of Document

Tiktok announces closure of business in IndiaStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeJanuary 27, 2021 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: WORLD NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 403 wordsByline: Steven ClarkeBodyThe government had banned 59 apps with links to China on June 29, 2020 to ensure safety and sovereignty of Indian cyberspace.A source told Livemint that the government is dissatisfied with the explanations put forward by the companies, making the ban on these applications permanent.The ban dates from previous year when political tension between the neighbours rose over their disputed border.In September, India banned another 118 mobile apps, including Tencent's popular videogame PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds , as it stepped up the pressure on Chinese technology companies following the standoff at the border."We urge the Indian side to immediately correct its discriminatory measures and avoid causing further damage to bilateral cooperation", Chinese embassy spokesperson Ji Rong said in a statement. Before the ban, India had been one of TikTok's largest markets and ByteDance in 2019 had laid out plans to invest $1 billion in India.Crystal Palace to keep Benteke despite West Brom interestThey also want to add two midfielders, with Leicester's Hamza Choudhury and Okay Yokuslu of Celta Vigo among their targets. The 28-year-old has not been attached to a club since leaving Saudi Arabian outfit Al Nassr in October 2020.We hear that a mail was sent by Vanessa (currently interim Head of TikTok globally) stating that the organisation is forced to reduce the size of the team and will only be retaining a small number of critical roles in India.India has permanently banned a number of apps backed by some of China's top internet companies, the country's media reported on Tuesday, formalizing a temporary measure that was taken previous year over privacy and national security concerns.Over the last six months, the government banned another 208 Chinese apps. We continually strive to make our apps comply with local laws and regulations and do our best to address any concerns they have. We regret that this was the result of a lack of clear direction from the government of India on how and when our apps could be reinstated. TikTok did not respond to a request for comment. Two main elements lie at the heart of both countries' concerns: privacy protection and the potential for sharing of information with Beijing.The notices were issued last week, as reported by local media.New U.S. President Joe Biden has not indicated whether he will continue to press for bans of both TikTok and WeChat in the U.S.Load-Date: January 28, 2021End of Document

Apple Stock, Chipotle Headline 5 Top Stocks Flashing Buy SignalsInvestor's Business DailyJanuary 9, 2021Copyright 2021 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: NEWSLength: 826 wordsByline: BILL PETERSBodyhttps://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/stock-apple-store-26-company.jpgYour stocks to watch this week include Apple stock, Chinese internet giant Tencent, Chipotle Mexican Grill and life sciences companies like Danaher and Repligen.Those stocks are either setting up in bases or in buy zones. All of them are potentially actionable now.Apple and Chipotle stock are on IBD Leaderboard. Danaher stock is on the IBD 50.Apple StockApple stock has formed a handle with a 138.89 buy point. Shares rose 0.5% to 131.61 in the stock market on Friday. The top of the handle is just above the high point of the cup base. For the week, AAPL stock dipped 0.5%, but rebounded from sharp losses earlier in the week to back above its 21-day exponential moving average.An aggressive investor could buy AAPL stock off the 21-day rebound and breaking the downtrend in its handle.Shares of the iPhone maker have an 80 Composite Rating. Its EPS Rating is 81. The relative strength line reached a high in September, and then slipped from that level. The RS line, the blue line in the charts provided, tracks a stock's performance vs. the S&P 500 indexApple stock last month moved into record-high territory, amid signs of solid holiday sales gains. There are signs of strong demand for its 5G iPhone 12s, signaling a new upgrade cycle. But Apple also faces antitrust scrutiny.Chipotle StockChipotle stock rose 2.5% on Friday to 1,402.44, ending the week back in buy range. The stock is above a 1358.81 entry off a small handle. Shares are also above a 1384.56 entry of a consolidation. For the week, CMG stock rose 1.1%, after initially tumbling below buy points to its 50-day line before rebounding bullishly. That late-in-the-week rebound also snapped a small downtrend that began in late December, when the shares hovered near record highs.The stock has a Composite Rating of 80. Its EPS Rating is a weaker 49, reflecting business struggles during the coronavirus pandemic.Wall Street has become more concerned that shares of the chain have become too expensive. But Cowen analyst Andrew Charles called Chipotle an "all-terrain vehicle" built for the year ahead, citing the strength of its digital ordering business.Many diners have stuck with digital orders as the coronavirus pandemic keeps restaurant restrictions in place even as vaccines make their way to patients.Analysts are betting on booming Chipotle earnings growth in 2021.Tencent StockTencent stock jumped 5.6% to 78.94 on Friday, capping a 7% weekly gain. Investors could have started a position in TCEHY stock as it reclaimed its 50-day line Friday and cleared short-term resistance. The consolidation's official buy point is 81.45.However, investors must be aware that Tencent, known for its messaging and payments app WeChat and for its online games, faces threats from the Chinese and U.S. governments.Friday's stock move came after news that the U.S. Treasury Department left Tencent and e-commerce giant Alibaba off a list that barred Americans from investing in Chinese companies. That came after Thursday reports the U.S. was mulling adding those two companies to the list. The New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday that it would delist three state-run Chinese telecom companies, after briefly reversing that decision.Meanwhile, Beijing has put big Chinese internet platforms and payment systems, specifically Alibaba and Tencent's possible monopolistic behavior, on the list. So far, China has focused on probing Alibaba and its payments affiliate Alipay. Still, investors in Chinese stocks must be aware of the government risk.Meanwhile, regulators in China are investigating Alibaba over "suspected monopolistic practices."Danaher StockDanaher stock rose 1.6% on Friday and 9.6% for the week, to 243.39. The stock is in a shallow cup base with a 248.42 buy point. Investors could have bought DHR stock as it rebounded from its 10-week line. It's still actionable, coming in at 6.6% above the 10-week.Danaher, which makes a variety of medical products, including Covid-19 tests, has Composite and EPS ratings of 93.The company reports fourth-quarter earnings on Jan. 28.Repligen StockRepligen, whose technology helps make manufacturing biological drugs more efficient, rose 2% to 208.36 on Friday. The stock is in a cup base with a 212.65 buy point, according to MarketSmith analysis.Investors could have also bought RGEN stock as it rebounded off its 10-week line. It's still within range at 7% above that key level.Repligen has Composite and EPS ratings of 98.YOU MAY ALSO LIKE:IBD Stock Of The Day Flashes Climax Top SignalsMarketSmith: Research, Charts, Data And Coaching All In One PlaceFastest-Growing Stocks To Watch: GRWG Stock Leads 22 Names Expecting Up To 800% GrowthThe Best Mutual Funds Bet These Tech Stocks, IPOs Will Keep RunningIs Chipotle Stock A Buy Right Now, As It Serves Up Multiple Entry Points?Extended Rally, Tesla Climax Run Are Volatile Mix; Nio Unveils Luxury EVLoad-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

U.S. Stocks May Move Back To The Upside After Last Week's PullbackCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 19, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1991 wordsBody       The major U.S. index futures are currently pointing to a higher open on Tuesday, with stocks likely to move back to the upside following the pullback seen last week. The markets may benefit from a positive reaction to the latest earnings news from companies like Goldman Sachs (GS) and Halliburton (HAL). Shares of Goldman Sachs are moving notably higher in pre-market trading after the financial services giant reported much better than expected fourth quarter earnings. Oil services giant Halliburton is also likely to see initial strength after reporting fourth quarter results that beat analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines. On the other hand, shares of Bank of America (BAC) may move to the downside after the financial giant reported better than expected fourth quarter earnings but on revenues that missed estimates. Netflix (NFLX), Procter &Gamble; (PG), IBM (IBM), and Intel (INTC) are among some of the other big-name companies scheduled to release their quarterly results this week. Traders are also likely to keep an eye on testimony from Treasury Secretary nominee Janet Yellen, who is due to appear before the Senate Finance Committee. In prepared remarks seen by numerous media outlets, Yellen calls for additional stimulus to address the impact of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, arguing the government needs to "act big." Yellen acknowledges the mounting national debt facing the incoming administration but claimed the benefits of another relief package will far outweigh the costs. After moving sharply lower early in the session, stocks regained some ground over the course of the trading day on Friday but remained firmly in negative territory. With the drop, the Dow and the Nasdaq pulled back further off the record intraday highs set in early trading on Thursday. The Dow ended the day down 117.26 points or 0.6 percent at 30,814.26 after tumbling by nearly 380 points in early trading. The Nasdaq slumped 114.14 points or 0.9 percent to 12,998.50 and the S&P; 500 slid 27.29 points or 0.7 percent to 3,768.25. The major averages also moved to the downside for the week, with the Dow falling by 0.9 percent, while the Nasdaq and the S&P; 500 both dropped by 1.5 percent. The early sell-off on Wall Street partly reflected a negative reaction to earnings news from financial giants Wells Fargo (WFC), Citigroup (C) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM). Wells Fargo and Citigroup posted steep losses after both reported better than expected fourth quarter earnings but on revenues that missed estimates. Shares of JPMorgan also moved notably lower even though the company reported fourth quarter results that beat expectations on both the top and bottom lines. JPMorgan benefited from the release of money previously set aside for expected loan defaults, although its earnings would have still beat estimates with the boost. Negative sentiment was also generated in reaction to a report from the Commerce Department showing a continued decline in U.S. retail sales in the month of December. The Commerce Department said retail sales fell by 0.7 percent in December after tumbling by a revised 1.4 percent in November. Economists had expected retail sales to come in unchanged compared to the 1.1 percent slump originally reported for the previous month. Excluding sales by motor vehicle and parts dealers, retail sales plunged by 1.4 percent in December after sliding by 1.3 percent in November. Ex-auto sales were expected to edge down by 0.1 percent compared to the 0.9 percent decrease originally reported for the previous month. "The further slump in retail sales in December confirms that the continued surge in coronavirus infections is now weighing heavily on the economy," said Andrew Hunter, Senior U.S. Economist at Capital Economics. "Despite the building optimism over fiscal stimulus, the next few months are still likely to be difficult." Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve released a separate report showing U.S. industrial production jumped by much more than expected in the month of December. The Fed said industrial production surged up by 1.6 percent in December after climbing by an upwardly revised 0.5 percent in November. Economists had expected production to rise by 0.4 percent, matching the increase originally reported for the previous month. "The December production data underline that while new restrictions are holding back parts of the service sector again, the recovery in manufacturing continues largely unaffected," said Michael Pearce, Senior U.S. Economist at Capital Economics. The weakness on Wall Street may also have reflected the old adage of "sell the news" after President-elect Joe Biden announced a $1.9 trillion coronavirus relief package on Thursday. The proposed stimulus package includes an increase in direct payments to individuals, increased federal unemployment benefits and aid to state and local governments. Steel stocks showed a substantial move to the downside on the day, resulting in a 4.8 percent nosedive by the NYSE Arca Steel Index. Considerable weakness was also visible among energy stocks, which pulled back along with the price of crude oil. Reflecting the weakness in the energy sector, the Philadelphia Oil Service Index and the NYSE Arca Oil Index plunged by 4.3 percent and 4.2 percent, respectively. Airline stocks also moved sharply lower following the rally seen in the previous session, with the NYSE Arca Airline Index slumping by 4.2 percent after ending Thursday's trading at its best closing level in a month. Gold, banking and semiconductor stocks also showed notable moves to the downside, while some strength emerged among interest rate-sensitive utilities and commercial real estate stocks. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures are rising $0.18 to $52.54 a barrel after tumbling $1.21 to $52.36 a barrel last Friday. Meanwhile, after plunging $21.50 to $1,829.90 an ounce in the previous session, gold futures are climbing $5.70 to $1,835.60 an ounce. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 103.89 yen compared to the 103.69 yen it fetched on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.2138 compared to yesterday's $1.2077. Asia Asian stocks ended broadly higher on Tuesday as optimism about vaccine rollouts and government stimulus offset concerns over the worldwide spread of the coronavirus. Investors looked to comments from U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Janet Yellen on U.S. stimulus at the Senate confirmation hearing later today, with her prepared remarks calling on the federal government to "act big." Chinese shares fell notably as mainland investors shifted assets from China to Hong Kong-listed shares. The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index dropped 29.84 points, or 0.8 percent, to 3,566.38, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index surged up 779.51 points, or 2.7 percent, to 29,642.28. Japanese shares gained ground as bargain hunting emerged after two days of profit taking. The Nikkei 225 Index rallied 391.25 points, or 1.4 percent, to 28,633.46 as investors watched headlines linked to the country's vaccination schedule. The broader Topix closed 0.6 percent higher at 1,855.84. Chip-related shares were in demand, with Tokyo Electron rising 2.1 percent and Advantest surging 4.2 percent. Automaker Nissan Motor added 3.9 percent, Honda Motor advanced 1.7 percent and tire maker Bridgestone climbed 3.3 percent. Australian markets posted strong gains, with miners and financials leading the surge. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 Index climbed 79.60 points, or 1.2 percent, to 6,742.60, while the broader All Ordinaries Index ended up 79.60 points, or 1.2 percent, at 7,015. Waste management firm Bingo Industries soared over 20 percent after it received a A$2.29 billion ($1.8 billion) cash buyout offer from a private equity group. Rio Tinto gained 0.7 percent after releasing fourth-quarter production results. Rival BHP rose 0.9 percent after data showed China's industrial activity roared back to pre-pandemic growth rates in the fourth quarter. Banks ANZ, NAB and Westpac rose between 1.6 percent and 1.9 percent, as the country recorded zero local Covid-19 cases for another day. Seoul stocks rallied as institutional investors lapped up auto-related shares on expectations of improved earnings. The benchmark Kospi jumped 78.73 points, or 2.6 percent, to finish at 3,092.66, after having lost more than 4 percent in the previous two sessions. Hyundai Motor shares soared 8.5 percent, while its affiliate Ki Motors jumped 16.6 percent. Auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis advanced 6.7 percent. Europe European stocks are modestly higher on Tuesday, with optimism about China's economy and expectations of improved earnings helping underpin sentiment. Meanwhile, investors looked to comments from U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Janet Yellen on U.S. stimulus at the Senate confirmation hearing later today. According to a copy of her prepared remarks, Yellen will call on the federal government to "act big" to ramp up the recovery. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index is just above the unchanged line, the French CAC 40 Index is up by 0.1 percent and the German DAX Index is up by 0.2 percent. Sanofi has advanced. The French pharmaceutical company said the U.K.'s Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency has granted a Promising Innovative Medicine to nirsevimab. Speed-train maker Alstom has also rallied after confirming its full-year outlook and mid-term 2022/23 guidance. TeamViewer has also moved to the upside. The software company announced an acquisition of Xaleon, an Austrian startup and a provider of customer engagement software. Lipidor AB, a Sweden-based lipid technology company, has also risen. The company said it has signed an exclusive licensing agreement with Cannassure Therapeutics Ltd., an Israel-based manufacturer of medicinal cannabis products. Logitech has also gained after the computer peripherals maker raised its annual forecasts for the third time and reported a nearly three-fold jump in quarterly adjusted operating income. Gold mining company Centamin has jumped after reporting gold production from the Sukari Gold Mine for the fourth quarter in-line with the quarterly guidance range. Real estate investment trust Hammerson has also advanced after saying it has collected 41 percent of the rent due for the first quarter of 2021. Construction company Kier Group has also moved sharply higher after reporting better trading over the last six months. Meanwhile, Automakers are moving lower after industry data showed Europe's new car registrations continued to fall in December. Car registrations were down 3.3 percent on a yearly basis, but slower than the 12 percent fall logged in November. On the economic front, Germany's consumer prices declined as initially estimated in December, final data from Destatis showed. The consumer price index decreased 0.3 percent year-on-year in December, the same as seen in November. U.S. Economic Reports No major U.S. economic data is scheduled to be released today, although reports on weekly jobless claims, homebuilder confidence, housing starts, and existing home sales may attract attention in the coming days. Stocks In Focus Shares of Coherent (COHR) are skyrocketing in pre-market trading after the laser maker agreed to be acquired by Lumentum (LITE) for $5.7 billion in cash and stock. Computer peripheral maker Logitech (LOGI) is also likely to see initial strength after reporting better than expected fiscal third quarter results and raising its guidance. Shares of Western Union (WU) are also moving sharply higher in pre-market trading after the money transfer company announced an agreement with Walmart (WMT) to enable its services at the retail giant's locations across the U.S. On the other hand, shares of NOV Inc. (NOV) may come under pressure after the supplier of oil and gas drilling equipment said it expects fourth quarter revenue and earnings to be below prior guidance.        Load-Date: January 20, 2021End of Document

U.S. Stocks May Move Back To The Upside After Last Week's PullbackRTT News (United States)January 19, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 1991 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       The major U.S. index futures are currently pointing to a higher open on Tuesday, with stocks likely to move back to the upside following the pullback seen last week. The markets may benefit from a positive reaction to the latest earnings news from companies like Goldman Sachs (GS) and Halliburton (HAL). Shares of Goldman Sachs are moving notably higher in pre-market trading after the financial services giant reported much better than expected fourth quarter earnings. Oil services giant Halliburton is also likely to see initial strength after reporting fourth quarter results that beat analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines. On the other hand, shares of Bank of America (BAC) may move to the downside after the financial giant reported better than expected fourth quarter earnings but on revenues that missed estimates. Netflix (NFLX), Procter &Gamble; (PG), IBM (IBM), and Intel (INTC) are among some of the other big-name companies scheduled to release their quarterly results this week. Traders are also likely to keep an eye on testimony from Treasury Secretary nominee Janet Yellen, who is due to appear before the Senate Finance Committee. In prepared remarks seen by numerous media outlets, Yellen calls for additional stimulus to address the impact of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, arguing the government needs to "act big." Yellen acknowledges the mounting national debt facing the incoming administration but claimed the benefits of another relief package will far outweigh the costs. After moving sharply lower early in the session, stocks regained some ground over the course of the trading day on Friday but remained firmly in negative territory. With the drop, the Dow and the Nasdaq pulled back further off the record intraday highs set in early trading on Thursday. The Dow ended the day down 117.26 points or 0.6 percent at 30,814.26 after tumbling by nearly 380 points in early trading. The Nasdaq slumped 114.14 points or 0.9 percent to 12,998.50 and the S&P; 500 slid 27.29 points or 0.7 percent to 3,768.25. The major averages also moved to the downside for the week, with the Dow falling by 0.9 percent, while the Nasdaq and the S&P; 500 both dropped by 1.5 percent. The early sell-off on Wall Street partly reflected a negative reaction to earnings news from financial giants Wells Fargo (WFC), Citigroup (C) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM). Wells Fargo and Citigroup posted steep losses after both reported better than expected fourth quarter earnings but on revenues that missed estimates. Shares of JPMorgan also moved notably lower even though the company reported fourth quarter results that beat expectations on both the top and bottom lines. JPMorgan benefited from the release of money previously set aside for expected loan defaults, although its earnings would have still beat estimates with the boost. Negative sentiment was also generated in reaction to a report from the Commerce Department showing a continued decline in U.S. retail sales in the month of December. The Commerce Department said retail sales fell by 0.7 percent in December after tumbling by a revised 1.4 percent in November. Economists had expected retail sales to come in unchanged compared to the 1.1 percent slump originally reported for the previous month. Excluding sales by motor vehicle and parts dealers, retail sales plunged by 1.4 percent in December after sliding by 1.3 percent in November. Ex-auto sales were expected to edge down by 0.1 percent compared to the 0.9 percent decrease originally reported for the previous month. "The further slump in retail sales in December confirms that the continued surge in coronavirus infections is now weighing heavily on the economy," said Andrew Hunter, Senior U.S. Economist at Capital Economics. "Despite the building optimism over fiscal stimulus, the next few months are still likely to be difficult." Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve released a separate report showing U.S. industrial production jumped by much more than expected in the month of December. The Fed said industrial production surged up by 1.6 percent in December after climbing by an upwardly revised 0.5 percent in November. Economists had expected production to rise by 0.4 percent, matching the increase originally reported for the previous month. "The December production data underline that while new restrictions are holding back parts of the service sector again, the recovery in manufacturing continues largely unaffected," said Michael Pearce, Senior U.S. Economist at Capital Economics. The weakness on Wall Street may also have reflected the old adage of "sell the news" after President-elect Joe Biden announced a $1.9 trillion coronavirus relief package on Thursday. The proposed stimulus package includes an increase in direct payments to individuals, increased federal unemployment benefits and aid to state and local governments. Steel stocks showed a substantial move to the downside on the day, resulting in a 4.8 percent nosedive by the NYSE Arca Steel Index. Considerable weakness was also visible among energy stocks, which pulled back along with the price of crude oil. Reflecting the weakness in the energy sector, the Philadelphia Oil Service Index and the NYSE Arca Oil Index plunged by 4.3 percent and 4.2 percent, respectively. Airline stocks also moved sharply lower following the rally seen in the previous session, with the NYSE Arca Airline Index slumping by 4.2 percent after ending Thursday's trading at its best closing level in a month. Gold, banking and semiconductor stocks also showed notable moves to the downside, while some strength emerged among interest rate-sensitive utilities and commercial real estate stocks. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures are rising $0.18 to $52.54 a barrel after tumbling $1.21 to $52.36 a barrel last Friday. Meanwhile, after plunging $21.50 to $1,829.90 an ounce in the previous session, gold futures are climbing $5.70 to $1,835.60 an ounce. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 103.89 yen compared to the 103.69 yen it fetched on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.2138 compared to yesterday's $1.2077. Asia Asian stocks ended broadly higher on Tuesday as optimism about vaccine rollouts and government stimulus offset concerns over the worldwide spread of the coronavirus. Investors looked to comments from U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Janet Yellen on U.S. stimulus at the Senate confirmation hearing later today, with her prepared remarks calling on the federal government to "act big." Chinese shares fell notably as mainland investors shifted assets from China to Hong Kong-listed shares. The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index dropped 29.84 points, or 0.8 percent, to 3,566.38, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index surged up 779.51 points, or 2.7 percent, to 29,642.28. Japanese shares gained ground as bargain hunting emerged after two days of profit taking. The Nikkei 225 Index rallied 391.25 points, or 1.4 percent, to 28,633.46 as investors watched headlines linked to the country's vaccination schedule. The broader Topix closed 0.6 percent higher at 1,855.84. Chip-related shares were in demand, with Tokyo Electron rising 2.1 percent and Advantest surging 4.2 percent. Automaker Nissan Motor added 3.9 percent, Honda Motor advanced 1.7 percent and tire maker Bridgestone climbed 3.3 percent. Australian markets posted strong gains, with miners and financials leading the surge. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 Index climbed 79.60 points, or 1.2 percent, to 6,742.60, while the broader All Ordinaries Index ended up 79.60 points, or 1.2 percent, at 7,015. Waste management firm Bingo Industries soared over 20 percent after it received a A$2.29 billion ($1.8 billion) cash buyout offer from a private equity group. Rio Tinto gained 0.7 percent after releasing fourth-quarter production results. Rival BHP rose 0.9 percent after data showed China's industrial activity roared back to pre-pandemic growth rates in the fourth quarter. Banks ANZ, NAB and Westpac rose between 1.6 percent and 1.9 percent, as the country recorded zero local Covid-19 cases for another day. Seoul stocks rallied as institutional investors lapped up auto-related shares on expectations of improved earnings. The benchmark Kospi jumped 78.73 points, or 2.6 percent, to finish at 3,092.66, after having lost more than 4 percent in the previous two sessions. Hyundai Motor shares soared 8.5 percent, while its affiliate Ki Motors jumped 16.6 percent. Auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis advanced 6.7 percent. Europe European stocks are modestly higher on Tuesday, with optimism about China's economy and expectations of improved earnings helping underpin sentiment. Meanwhile, investors looked to comments from U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Janet Yellen on U.S. stimulus at the Senate confirmation hearing later today. According to a copy of her prepared remarks, Yellen will call on the federal government to "act big" to ramp up the recovery. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index is just above the unchanged line, the French CAC 40 Index is up by 0.1 percent and the German DAX Index is up by 0.2 percent. Sanofi has advanced. The French pharmaceutical company said the U.K.'s Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency has granted a Promising Innovative Medicine to nirsevimab. Speed-train maker Alstom has also rallied after confirming its full-year outlook and mid-term 2022/23 guidance. TeamViewer has also moved to the upside. The software company announced an acquisition of Xaleon, an Austrian startup and a provider of customer engagement software. Lipidor AB, a Sweden-based lipid technology company, has also risen. The company said it has signed an exclusive licensing agreement with Cannassure Therapeutics Ltd., an Israel-based manufacturer of medicinal cannabis products. Logitech has also gained after the computer peripherals maker raised its annual forecasts for the third time and reported a nearly three-fold jump in quarterly adjusted operating income. Gold mining company Centamin has jumped after reporting gold production from the Sukari Gold Mine for the fourth quarter in-line with the quarterly guidance range. Real estate investment trust Hammerson has also advanced after saying it has collected 41 percent of the rent due for the first quarter of 2021. Construction company Kier Group has also moved sharply higher after reporting better trading over the last six months. Meanwhile, Automakers are moving lower after industry data showed Europe's new car registrations continued to fall in December. Car registrations were down 3.3 percent on a yearly basis, but slower than the 12 percent fall logged in November. On the economic front, Germany's consumer prices declined as initially estimated in December, final data from Destatis showed. The consumer price index decreased 0.3 percent year-on-year in December, the same as seen in November. U.S. Economic Reports No major U.S. economic data is scheduled to be released today, although reports on weekly jobless claims, homebuilder confidence, housing starts, and existing home sales may attract attention in the coming days. Stocks In Focus Shares of Coherent (COHR) are skyrocketing in pre-market trading after the laser maker agreed to be acquired by Lumentum (LITE) for $5.7 billion in cash and stock. Computer peripheral maker Logitech (LOGI) is also likely to see initial strength after reporting better than expected fiscal third quarter results and raising its guidance. Shares of Western Union (WU) are also moving sharply higher in pre-market trading after the money transfer company announced an agreement with Walmart (WMT) to enable its services at the retail giant's locations across the U.S. On the other hand, shares of NOV Inc. (NOV) may come under pressure after the supplier of oil and gas drilling equipment said it expects fourth quarter revenue and earnings to be below prior guidance.        Load-Date: January 20, 2021End of Document

Asian Shares Rise Ahead Of Yellen TestimonyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 19, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 456 wordsBody       Asian stocks ended broadly higher on Tuesday as optimism about vaccine rollouts and government stimulus offset concerns over the worldwide spread of coronavirus.  Investors looked to comments from U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Janet Yellen on U.S. stimulus at the Senate confirmation hearing later today, with her prepared remarks calling on the federal government to "act big". Chinese shares fell notably as mainland investors shifted assets from China to Hong Kong-listed shares. The benchmark Shanghai Composite index dropped 29.84 points, or 0.83 percent, to 3,566.38, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index ended up 779.51 points, or 2.70 percent, at 29,642.28. Japanese shares gained ground as bargain hunting emerged after two days of profit booking. The Nikkei average rallied 391.25 points, or 1.39 percent, to 28,633.46 as investors watched headlines linked to the country's vaccination schedule. The broader Topix index closed 0.56 percent higher at 1,855.84. Chip-related shares were in demand, with Tokyo Electron rising 2.1 percent and Advantest surging 4.2 percent. Automaker Nissan Motor added 3.9 percent, Honda Motor advanced 1.7 percent and tyre maker Bridgestone climbed 3.3 percent. Australian markets posted strong gains, with miners and financials leading the surge. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 climbed 79.60 points, or 1.19 percent, to 6,742.60, while the broader All Ordinaries index ended up 79.60 points, or 1.15 percent, at 7,015. Waste management firm Bingo Industries soared over 20 percent after it received a A$2.29 billion ($1.8 billion) cash buyout offer from a private equity group. Rio Tinto gained 0.7 percent after releasing fourth-quarter production results. Rival BHP rose 0.9 percent after data showed China's industrial activity roared back to pre-pandemic growth rates in the fourth quarter. Banks ANZ, NAB and Westpac rose between 1.6 percent and 1.9 percent as the country recorded zero local Covid-19 cases for another day. Seoul stocks rallied as institutional investors lapped up auto-related shares on expectations of improved earnings. The benchmark Kospi jumped 78.73 points, or 2.61 percent, to finish at 3,092.66, after having lost more than 4 percent in the previous two sessions.  Hyundai Motor shares soared 8.5 percent while its affiliate Ki Motors jumped as much as 16.6 percent. Auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis advanced 6.7 percent. New Zealand shares eked out modest gains, with the benchmark NZX-50 index ending up 42.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 12,881.31. Overnight, the U.S. markets were closed for the Martin Luther King Jr. Day holiday.  European stocks closed mostly higher on Monday as investors digested a slew of earnings and strong economic data from China.        Load-Date: January 20, 2021End of Document

Asian Shares Rise Ahead Of Yellen TestimonyRTT News (United States)January 19, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 456 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       Asian stocks ended broadly higher on Tuesday as optimism about vaccine rollouts and government stimulus offset concerns over the worldwide spread of coronavirus.  Investors looked to comments from U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Janet Yellen on U.S. stimulus at the Senate confirmation hearing later today, with her prepared remarks calling on the federal government to "act big". Chinese shares fell notably as mainland investors shifted assets from China to Hong Kong-listed shares. The benchmark Shanghai Composite index dropped 29.84 points, or 0.83 percent, to 3,566.38, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index ended up 779.51 points, or 2.70 percent, at 29,642.28. Japanese shares gained ground as bargain hunting emerged after two days of profit booking. The Nikkei average rallied 391.25 points, or 1.39 percent, to 28,633.46 as investors watched headlines linked to the country's vaccination schedule. The broader Topix index closed 0.56 percent higher at 1,855.84. Chip-related shares were in demand, with Tokyo Electron rising 2.1 percent and Advantest surging 4.2 percent. Automaker Nissan Motor added 3.9 percent, Honda Motor advanced 1.7 percent and tyre maker Bridgestone climbed 3.3 percent. Australian markets posted strong gains, with miners and financials leading the surge. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 climbed 79.60 points, or 1.19 percent, to 6,742.60, while the broader All Ordinaries index ended up 79.60 points, or 1.15 percent, at 7,015. Waste management firm Bingo Industries soared over 20 percent after it received a A$2.29 billion ($1.8 billion) cash buyout offer from a private equity group. Rio Tinto gained 0.7 percent after releasing fourth-quarter production results. Rival BHP rose 0.9 percent after data showed China's industrial activity roared back to pre-pandemic growth rates in the fourth quarter. Banks ANZ, NAB and Westpac rose between 1.6 percent and 1.9 percent as the country recorded zero local Covid-19 cases for another day. Seoul stocks rallied as institutional investors lapped up auto-related shares on expectations of improved earnings. The benchmark Kospi jumped 78.73 points, or 2.61 percent, to finish at 3,092.66, after having lost more than 4 percent in the previous two sessions.  Hyundai Motor shares soared 8.5 percent while its affiliate Ki Motors jumped as much as 16.6 percent. Auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis advanced 6.7 percent. New Zealand shares eked out modest gains, with the benchmark NZX-50 index ending up 42.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 12,881.31. Overnight, the U.S. markets were closed for the Martin Luther King Jr. Day holiday.  European stocks closed mostly higher on Monday as investors digested a slew of earnings and strong economic data from China.        Load-Date: January 20, 2021End of Document

The abominable tricks of organized crime to take advantage of people's desperation for COVID-19CE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 8, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 637 wordsBodyCoronavirus is also having its effects on crime in our country. According to the document Organized Crime during the Pandemic the mixture of social despair and alleged emptiness of authority have been exploited by organized crime to strengthen its control over communities and localities they consider strategic.According to the late-stage analysis of the pandemic, the upward figures in kidnapping, assault and robbery offences will be noticeable.Today local mafias have real estate in their sights. The modus operandi identified by the Citizen Council for Security and Justice of Mexico City, reveals that fraudsters pass through real estate agencies especially in mayors such as Cuauhtémoc and Benito Juárez, in Mexico City.Pretending to have a family member sick with coronavirus, the alleged criminals persuade their "clients" to deposit the money from the rent or sale of the property in question. However, the apartments are not delivered, even some are inhabited.According to El Universal, this fraud has been reported, from the beginning of the pandemic to date, on at least four occasions. The scam is performed through Facebook or websites that advertise the rental or sale of real estate. The amounts that the alleged criminals have obtained range from 9,000 to 25,5000 pesos, the newspaper states.Initially, trade interruptions and restrictions on mobility forced some criminal groups to suspend illegal activities. But the pause was short.Although China is documented as the largest source of illicit chemical precursors arriving in Mexico for opioid production—they are responsible for sending two ingredients known as NPP and 4aNPP for fentanyl manufacturing—the current leadership of the Sinaloa Cartel under Ismael Zambada García, Los Chapitos and Rafael Caro Quintero, changed some active methamphetamine laboratories in fentanyl labs , that is, Mexico's most powerful organization concentrated on manufacturing and distributing these synthetic drugs.Sinaloa (Mexico) is one of the areas where manufacturing lies. Two years ago, in the bastion of drug trafficking, the cartel with the same name began to hire chemistry professors from universities across Mexico. Professionals work in fentanyl laboratories overseeing daily production.They are also trying to change the molecular analogue of fentanyl to create a new synthetic version, although much less pure than that of the Chinese.Vaccine theft As governments prepare to launch COVID-19 vaccines, criminal organizations plan to infiltrate or disrupt supply chains, warning of a global Interpol alert issued on December 2.The notice to 194 member countries of the police organization, including Mexico, warns of possible criminal activities in connection with the provision of the COVID-19 vaccine in the country.Interpol points out that this year coronavirus drugs will be the main targets of organized crime, which will seek to steal doses while being transported on roads.Today, the tracks are not places where free and safe transit is guaranteed. Poor road conditions and corruption of municipal police are advantages of criminal groups over those who move vaccines.Criminal networks will target those areas considered "red", because of the situation of insecurity. Vaccines are expected to circulate massively as tranches connecting with various entities.The first, the Pacific region, where the Cartel dominatesJalisco New Generation (CJNG); the northeast of the country, where the Gulf Cartel maintains a fierce struggle with the Northeast Cartel; in addition to the Hot Land area, where members of United Cartels block and unlock roads at will.MORE ON OTHER TOPICS:CJNG's criminal shadow: so he took advantage of the pandemic to spread across MexicoRed zones: CJNG and other drug cartels threaten distribution of COVID-19 vaccineRELATED VIDEO:Load-Date: February 9, 2021End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 24 of 225AI Infrastructure Market 2021-2027 Potential Growth, Current Trends And Future Aspect Analysis | Top Companies - Intel, NVIDIA, IBM, Google, Microsoft, Amazon W....  Page 26 of 225Pimco is positioned in 'Cycle 2.0': robotics, electrification, renewable energy and semiconductors  Page  of Asian stock markets close without a single signal, with Alibaba standing out in Hong Kong  Page 29 of 225The Fifth Sino-U.S. Cultural Industry Summit Was Held in Macau; Chinese and American film producers, directors and scholars discussed the future of world film u....  Page 31 of 225Harris speaks with Trudeau in first foreign leader call  Page 33 of 225Significance Of Having A Protected VPN Services in Canada  Page 35 of 225U.S. leads race in artificial intelligence development  Page 37 of 225U.S. leads race in artificial intelligence development  Page 40 of 225Global Smartphone Production Expected to Reach 1.36 Billion Units in 2021 as Huawei Drops Out of Top-Six Ranking, Says TrendForce  Page 42 of 225Tik Tok ban and other Chinese apps continue in India  Page 44 of 225Internet giants grow out of control  Page 48 of 225Global Drone Analytics Market (2020 to 2025) - Growth, Trends, and Forecast - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page 60 of 225News RoundUp  Page 68 of 225European Industry for Audio Products to 2027 - Expansion of Online Sales Channels Presents Opportunities  Page 71 of 225Europe Audio Products Market (2020 to 2027) - by Type, Technology, and Distribution Channel - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page 74 of 225Outlook on the Audio Products European Market to 2027 - Key Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast  Page 76 of 225Podcast deals with the effects of Brazilian foreign policy on the acquisition of vaccines  Page 80 of 225$9 Billion Worldwide Conveyor Systems Industry to 2025 - Impact of COVID-19 on the Market  Page 85 of 225Insights on the Conveyor Systems Global Market to 2025 - Featuring Caterpillar, Daifuku and Dematic Among Others  Page 88 of 225Worldwide Drone Analytics Industry to 2025 - Asia-Pacific to Experience the Highest Growth  Page 93 of 225Monday March 15, 2021 XPeng (XPEV:$35.37) increases  Page 96 of 225Global Conveyor Systems Industry (2020 to 2025) - Need for Secure Environment in Industries Drives Large Scale Installation of Conveyor Systems - ResearchAndMar....  Page 98 of 225Alibaba and Tencent go public after report that the Trump administration will blacklist them for investors  Page 101 of 225ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Announces its ETF-like Decentralized Fund and Platform  Page 103 of 225Acacia Says It’s Ending $2.6 Billion Merger Deal With Cisco  Page 106 of 225Joe Biden renews support for WHO, which Donald Trump had withdrawn  Page 108 of 225Should Big Tech Be Treated As State Actors? This CEO Thinks So  Page 112 of 225ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Releases the Whitepaper for its DeFi Protocol  Page 114 of 225Biscay: Increase in contagions was due to the reopening of the economy at 100%  Page 116 of 225Hong Kong police arrest nearly 50 activists and politicians  Page 119 of 225General AFP forecasts for 12H00 GMT  Page 122 of 225ZK International Subsidiary, xSigma Corporation, Gets Commitments from Institutional Investors for its DeFi project, while Bitcoin reaches an All-Time-High pric....  Page  of US blacklists Xiaomi and tech stocks fall  Page 125 of 225Marcelo Ebrard appreciates the work of Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs Julian Ventura  Page 129 of 225University of Pennsylvania: Why the Semiconductor Shortage Won't End Soon  Page 131 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 133 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 135 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 137 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 139 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 141 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 143 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 145 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 147 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 149 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 151 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 153 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 155 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 157 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 159 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 161 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 163 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 165 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 167 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 169 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 171 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 173 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 175 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 177 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 179 of 225Briefing.com: Tech Stocks  Page 181 of 225HONG KONG POLICE ARREST 11 IN PRO-DEMOCRACY ACTIVISTS' ESCAPE ATTEMPT  Page 183 of 225Orange Juice: Mexico, country 13 in the world in vaccine administration  Page 186 of 225Moore Law and Pobrism  Page 188 of 225Bay Street Seen Opening Lower  Page 190 of 225Bay Street Seen Opening Lower  Page 194 of 225WHY THE SEMICONDUCTOR SHORTAGE WON'T END SOON  Page 196 of 225Crude Oil Futures Settle Sharply Lower On Demand Concerns  Page 198 of 225Crude Oil Futures Settle Sharply Lower On Demand Concerns  Page  of Oil Prices Tumble On Demand Worries  Page  of Oil Prices Tumble On Demand Worries  Page  of Market Chatter: Huawei Unveils Biggest Overseas Flagship Store in Saudi Arabia  Page 204 of 225The two pandemics  Page 206 of 225Tiktok announces closure of business in India  Page 209 of 225Apple Stock, Chipotle Headline 5 Top Stocks Flashing Buy Signals  Page 214 of 225U.S. Stocks May Move Back To The Upside After Last Week's Pullback  Page 219 of 225U.S. Stocks May Move Back To The Upside After Last Week's Pullback  Page 221 of 225Asian Shares Rise Ahead Of Yellen Testimony  Page 223 of 225Asian Shares Rise Ahead Of Yellen Testimony  Page 225 of 225The abominable tricks of organized crime to take advantage of people's desperation for COVID-19  