Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 2:34:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142629887Documents (100)1. "Unreliable citizens": this is how technology is used to punish the population that is annoying or disaffected to the GovernmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20212. US justice gives Xiaomi reason and suspends veto of investment in Chinese firm that approved TrumpClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20213. Chinese community in Puerto Rico faces pandemic and xenophobiaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20214. China pressures brands to reject reports of Xinjiang abusesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20215. China is still part of Microsoft's game plan despite the big hackClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20216. What the Fear of China Is Doing to American ScienceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20217. CHINA EXTENDS, EXPANDS RESTRICTIONS IN TIBET FOLLOWING MARCH 10 UPRISING DAY'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20218. MENENDEZ, RUBIO SEEK ANSWERS ABOUT AMAZON DEALINGS WITH CHINESE COMPANY REPORTEDLY COMPLICIT IN UYGHUR GENOCIDEClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 20219. China ordered local media to censor Alibaba coverage - FTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202110. China is ahead of the race for creating a national digital currencyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202111. Coalition for a Prosperous America, China Tech Threat Release White Paper on Semiconductors, Countering China's ThreatsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202112. The U.S. Should Add a Little Humility to its China Policy | OpinionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202113. China Restricts Tesla Use Over National Security, Data Collection Concerns: ReportClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202114. Clubhouse leads Chinese company to $6 billion riseClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202115. Defending Uighurs or selling in China, the dilemma of the Western textile industryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202116. The Oscars will not air in Hong Kong for Chinese censorshipClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202117. On the Heels of President Biden's Inauguration, International Leaders Provide Roadmap for the Way Forward In China-US RelationsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202118. China Boycotts Nike Over Statement on Xinjiang Cotton ConcernsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202119. Trump widens US ban on Chinese apps as his term nears endClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202120. Congressional Research Service Report: 'Huawei & U.S. Law' (Part 1 of 2)Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202121. Why Jack Ma, China's richest man, disappeared for three monthsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202122. Chinese hackers targeted Uyghurs living in US, Facebook security team findsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202123. Our 'Front Line' With China Is the Mexico Border | OpinionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202124. Tencent's profits are soaring. But investors are worried about a crackdown by ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202125. Trump issues new ban on Alipay and other Chinese appsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202126. Freedom House: New Report - Transnational Repression Is a Growing Threat to Global DemocracyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202127. S.A. Debates Ethics of University Partnership With Chinese Universities and ICEClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202128. Rep. James Comer (R-KY) is Interviewed about Investigation into Social Media; Big Tech Earnings Today; The China Threat; December Durable Goods Numbers; Millennials Opting for Economic and Social Prenups.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202129. China denies coercive birth control measures in XinjiangClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202130. British Foreign Secretary Issues Statement on Human Rights Situation in Xinjiang, ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202131. China Education Market 2021 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2026Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202132. LinkedIn suspends new sign-ups in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202133. China announces more sanctions against US and CanadaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202134. China: Why users burn and boycott Nike or H&M productsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202135. Facebook warned about cyberattack from China against UighursClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202136. Clubhouse targeted by censors in China after users discuss policyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202137. For a brief period, there was a platform for sensitive political debate in China. Then censors shut it downClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202138. Chinese state media blast latest Pompeo move on TaiwanClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202139. Why one of China's richest men disappeared for three monthsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202140. China boycotts are a warning to Western brandsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202141. Heartbreak and anger as China discourages travel for Lunar New YearClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202142. Blinken Meeting With Chinese Officials Begins With "Testy Exchange."Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202143. Musk and China live an affair... For nowClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202144. Accused of abandoning two babies in the US, this Chinese celebrity has sparked a national debate about surrogacyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202145. China announces more sanctions against US and CanadaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202146. Xi Jinping's crossroads: between the desire to control entrepreneurs and the risk of breaking the "Chinese model"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202147. Encrypted messaging app Signal blocked in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202148. Nike and H&M, in the eye of the hurricane in China for worrying about Uighur rightsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202149. U.S. judge suspends ban on investing in Chinese company XiaomiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202150. China detains Tencent signing executive over corruption caseClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202151. Bolsonaro says China released production of CoronavacClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202152. Brands that avoid using Xinjiang cotton should be respectedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202153. 70 Harvard Organizations Demand Law School Graduate Brother's Release from Chinese Detention CampClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202154. Elon Musk denies Tesla cars are used for espionage in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202155. Trump signs executive order banning transactions with eight Chinese appsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202156. China pushes conspiracy theories on COVID origin, vaccinesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202157. China warns of retaliation for NYSE's delisting of companiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202158. "Hard and direct" talks between US and China alert difficult relationship under Biden governmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202159. What a central bank's digital currencies are and how they workClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202160. China Cold Chain Logistics Industry Outlook to 2025 by Service, Temperature Type, Application and Company (with COVID-19 Impact Analysis)Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202161. CLUBHOUSE SECURITY ISSUES COULD POSE RISKS FOR CHINA-BASED USERS: REPORTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202162. HOSPITAL RESEARCHER SENTENCED TO PRISON FOR CONSPIRING TO STEAL TRADE SECRETS, SELL THEM IN CHINAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202163. China brings its pigs to the Stock ExchangeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202164. Thus 'distorts' China data on Pfizer and origin of covid-19Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202165. Biden backs off on TikTok ban in review of Trump China movesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202166. H&M swings to loss, affirms commitment to China marketClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202167. FCC Commissioner Starks Issues Statement on 3 CompaniesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202168. Strengthening ties with Taiwan and countering ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202169. US, China Spar in First Face-to-Face Meeting Under BidenClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202170. CHINA BLOCKS CLUBHOUSE APP AFTER USERS EMBRACE 'SENSITIVE' POLITICAL TOPICSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202171. China Cold Chain Logistics Market Growth, Trends, and Forecasts Report 2021 - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202172. "GENOCIDE IN XINJIANG?"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202173. PATEL: How The COVID-19 Censors Killed The TruthClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202174. CHINA: TIBETAN TOUR GUIDE DIES FROM PRISON INJURIESClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202175. China faces huge climate and tech challenges in its bid for global leadershipClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202176. Diplomats denied access as Canadian Michael Kovrig goes on trial in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202177. US will not suspend tariffs against China in short term: USTRClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202178. Suu Kyi's case hearing postponed; Myanmar has new protestsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202179. China tightens fence over its tech giants to ensure its loyaltyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202180. Xi Jinping regime arrested an executive from Tencent, China's most valuable companyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202181. China forces Ant Group CEO's exit as it short-ties Alibaba and TencentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202182. China bans bbc international news channel broadcast in countryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202183. BATTLE LINES BEING DRAWN OVER ONLINE FREEDOMS IN ASIAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202184. Chinese Shares End Lower; Perfect World Slumps 10% Despite Upbeat Market DataClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202185. China/UK R.- China summons UK ambassador for an article that calls it "inappropriate"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202186. U.S. accuses China of mass persecution of ethnic minoritiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202187. Audiovisual Anti-Piracy Alliance Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative NoticeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202188. Coronavirus originated from an exotic animal farm in China, according to a WHO reportClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202189. RUBIO, MENENDEZ SEEK ANSWERS ABOUT AMAZON DEALINGS WITH CHINESE COMPANY REPORTEDLY COMPLICIT IN UYGHUR GENOCIDEClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202190. Sens. Rubio, Menendez Seek Answers About Amazon Dealings With Chinese Company Reportedly Complicit in Uyghur GenocideClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202191. Microsoft Hack, Likely From China, Reportedly Hits 60,000 UsersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202192. Court dates set for two Canadians detained in China on espionage chargesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202193. As Ant Group, Jack Ma's company, will change because of pressure from the Chinese regimeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202194. Trump Orders Government Agencies to Minimize Procurement from ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202195. US assesses Alibaba and Tencent's addition to China's ban on actionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202196. As U.S., U.K. Converge on China, British Lawmaker Says 'Golden Era Is Over'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202197. China to begin trial of Canadians arrested in 2018 and accused of espionageClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202198. China to begin trial of two Canadians for alleged espionage soon, state media reportsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 202199. ACT | The App Association Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative NoticeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 2021100. Zoom spy calls for warning for multinationals in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jan 01, 2021 to Mar 31, 2021

"Unreliable citizens": this is how technology is used to punish the population that is annoying or disaffected to the GovernmentCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 27, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 507 wordsBodyIt is a perverse, ambiguous and largely random system that has been made possible thanks to the combination of Big Data, cameras with facial recognition, Internet monitoring and social networks. A mechanism to control the lives of 1.4 billion people, even though many of them are unaware of their existence or that the rules are applied differently depending on the province in which they are located. Its aim is to punish citizens that the state has classified as "unreliable".The "unreliable" citizens for the Chinese state are those with debts, the unciviced or simply the regime believes have disseminated false information over the Internet or social media. A series of conduct that, while in many cases not criminalized, is considered "a disgrace" on the part of the State and deserving of punishment. Even punishing ambiguous behaviors such as "offering un sincere apologies."One of those people who falls into "disgrace" in the eyes of the Chinese state is He's uncle. His story is tells in the book The Hidden Face of China, written by Isidre Ambrós.He is a young university student from Beijing who discovered the social credit system when her uncle was slow to arrive longer than expected for the New Year's celebration at the family home. A relatively simple journey from a nearby town connected by a high-speed train.However, his uncle had a financial debt that he had not been able to deal with. This meant that the Chinese government hung the "unreliable"sanbenito making it one of the 6 million Chinese who cannot ride high-speed trains.In addition to the 6 million people punished without being able to travel on high-speed trains, there are 27 million Chinese who are prohibited from riding planes because of the social credit system.Other punishments for "unreliable" citizens collected by Ambrós in his book are restrictions on access to certain entertainment venues, slower internet connections or impediments to accessing a job because they don't call you in interviews."The points card pushed by the Chinese government some time ago adds to the range of tools powered by the country's president, Xi Jinping, to punish the uncirical behavior of many Chinese,who may be tempted to drive without permission or stop paying their debts. The problem is that this initiative, applicable for a period of time, can lead to a social divide between good and bad citizens in a country full of envy," Ambros says in statements to PIXEL.In his book, the author uses the metaphor of carrot and stick to refer to the logic used by this system. The carrot would find that those citizens who volunteer or do extra work at college will have a positive score that will help them get called in interviews and geta good job.In addition to China's controversial La Cara Oculta social credit system, it features 61 eye-catching stories ranging from the government's use of rap music for propaganda purposes to the war against toilet paper thieves. Stories elaborated after a long experience of more than 10 years in the Asian giant by the author. Load-Date: March 28, 2021End of Document

US justice gives Xiaomi reason and suspends veto of investment in Chinese firm that approved TrumpCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 14, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 457 wordsBodyA US federal judge has decided to suspend the ban on investing in Chinese mobile phone giant Xiaomi for considering the US government's argument about its links to the Armed Forces and the "deeply flawed" Chinese government. In practice, this implies that Xiaomi blacklists Chinese technology companies that put national security at risk.District of Columbia Federal Judge Rudolph Contreras has considered the veto decision, imposed by Donald Trump's administration in January, linking Xiaomi to the Chinese Army, unprofited and considered unproven and therefore suspended.For its part, Xiaomi has celebrated the legal victory and has ensured that it will continue to seek a permanent rejection of the ban on investing in the company, which forced it to stop selling tech stocks in the United States and to ask all its investors in U.S. jurisdiction to get rid of their securities before the end of a year."Xiaomi is a company that manufactures products for civilian use and is controlled by an independent board and shareholders and is not effectively controlled or associated with entities under the control of the Government of the People's Republic of China or its security services," the judge said in his opinion.An argument with feet of mud The Pentagon had based Xiaomi's alleged ties with the Chinese government on the delivery of a Chinese state award, but the judge believes that it is not reason enough, as this award has been received by hundreds of entrepreneurs and is becoming standard in the technology sector.Xiaomi is one of the victims of the U.S.-China trade and technological war, which focuses on determining the future in domination of strategic semiconductor or telecommunications sectors globally.Huawei or TikTok, other Trump victims Chinese telecom giant Huawei was the main focus on donald Trump's administration's attempts, which culminated on January 20, to limit the influence of Chinese technology in the country and was therefore the subject of bans on trading and operating, especially with respect to 5G mobile technology.The TikTok social network, owned by China's ByteDance, was another of Trump's goals for the potential use that the Chinese government could make of private information or the influence of this video platform in the United States.At the moment, actions against TikTok do not appear to lead to a ban or sale of its assets to a U.S. investor, as Trump threatened, and Huawei is also getting small legal victories against its ban.Democratic Administration Joe Biden has stood in the background in this legal battle and has suggested that it will not move token until negotiating the framework of relations with China with its allies.commentsforum0WhatsApp  Facebook  Twitter  Linkedin       Load-Date: March 15, 2021End of Document

Chinese community in Puerto Rico faces pandemic and xenophobiaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 15, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 3468 wordsBodyOn your phone you have open WeChat, a Chinese mobile app similar to Facebook with which you can text and call.Meili Deng, who emigrated in 2010 to work as a visiting Mandarin professor at Sacred Heart University, connects with WeChat with 1,500 Chinese residing in Puerto Rico.In China, the app is even used to pay online. In Puerto Rico, they use it to communicate with each other and with relatives who remain in China. WeChat allows up to 500 members per group, and on the island there are three groups of 500 full at full capacity. Members usually add the newly arrived Chinese. Older people use groups to sell fruits, post job offers, or send news about Puerto Rico and the United States that translate from Spanish or English into Mandarin. They also coordinate the celebration of the Chinese New Year held at the Río Piedras Campus of the University of Puerto Rico, and share the latest COVID-19 figures.There are two other WeChat groups, which were created 10 years ago, to which belong those who live in Puerto Rico and are native to Guangzhou, a Chinese province with about 113 million inhabitants.Click here to see the original reportIn the 2019 estimate of the Puerto Rico Community Survey conducted by the U.S. Census, 1,843 residents of the island identified themselves as Chinese.From the Institute of Mandarin The Future, which opened last year, Deng recounts that during the first half of 2020 she offered face-to-face courses, but the pandemic forced her to give them online during the second semester.The institute is in his house, painted white and gray on José de Diego Avenue in San Juan. Inside are dozens of N-95 mask boxes that Deng bought at the beginning of the pandemic to give to people over 65. The white of the room contrasts with the red of the traditional Chinese lamps on the wall. In the room there are books with brightly colored covers and Chinese texts.Although Deng kept his institute afloat during the pandemic, the experience of other Chinese entrepreneurs in Puerto Rico was different.The economic losses of the Kung Fu China restaurant on Roberto H. Todd Avenue in Santurce intensified when the business closed because of the COVID-19 case point in March last year.The restaurant's manager, Angela Feng, stressed that the economic impact of the establishment in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria was added to that of the pandemic.Normally, the dining room was filled with customers at noon who mainly bought sushi, he explained. Although they implemented special offers, servicarro and safety and hygiene measures, they continued with a loss of 70 percent of their income. The manager hoped that they would improve their finances, as the restaurant had been her livelihood and that of her employees. But this didn't happen.For her part, Estrella Wu, former vice president of the Chamber of Commerce: United between China and Latin America - an entity that was dissolved in 2016 - mentioned that her restaurant TaoPR is the only source of income for her and her family. Therefore, it did not derail the possibility of moving from the island in the event of a escalation of the economic and labor crisis in Puerto Rico following the pandemic.He estimated that his business lost 20 percent of its profits from costs in protective materials. Added to this what he spent on platforms such as UberEats and FoodNet to try to compensate for the loss of 90 percent of customers who came to the restaurant.Gourmet China's manager in Canóvanas, Rosa Nazario Sepulveda, mentioned that her restaurant suffered economic losses after closing for the pandemic from March to April 2020.The decision caused food to be damaged and to continue paying for water, electricity and rent despite not using the facilities."Because it was overnight, not like for the hurricanes, which you prepare, you missed the banana and meat," he recalled.Due to the temporary closure, employees applied for both Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA) as well as Unemployment Insurance through the Department of Labor and Human Resources, said he has worked for 10 years with the restaurant's owner, Yan Juan Chen.The low flow of customers and the low usability of their canteens, which has fluctuated between 25 percent and 55 percent due to executive orders, impacted all Chinese food restaurants, mentioned the president of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Puerto Rico, Yuan Bin Cen.What helped Chinese traders and entrepreneurs maintain the up, despite losses during the pandemic, was to lead "a conservative lifestyle both in their daily lives and in their personal and business expenses," he opined. Chinese culture, in general, promotes thinking about the future, so it is tradition to save and support each other.The executive director of the Association of Asian Communities and Youth (ACYA) in Puerto Rico, Stephen Leung Mok, also mentioned that there were Chinese food restaurants that were closed and sold. Partly because their owners emigrated because of the multiple economic challenges that sharpened with the pandemic.Chinese food restaurants closed for six to eight weeks after the arrival of COVID-19 and experienced a drop in sales between May and June last year, according to Lueng Monk. In some restaurants, closure was so prolonged that they applied for the Payment Protection Program (PPP) loan even though it is unusual for Chinese traders to apply for government aid.The money was mainly used to pay the rent of their establishments, he said.Due to the absence of specific statistics on Chinese traders who applied for incentives and loans from the Department of Economic Development and Trade (DDEC) or the Federal Small Business Administration (SBA), the ICC interviewed five accountants who provide services to this community to learn about the situation.Accountant Raul López Bayron said that the most requested by Chinese traders on the island he has served during the pandemic was incentives of $5,000 to $10,000 for DDEC small and medium-sized enterprises for un budgeted expenses. Second, they have applied for PPP loans.López Bayron learned of two Chinese restaurants that closed in that period because of the cluster of economic challenges dragged for several years.The specialist in forms and withdrawal claims, Francisco Vázquez Pantojas, also mentioned that the Chinese merchants he served during the pandemic applied for PPP loans. He mentioned that when applying for loans, Chinese traders were "pretty tight" economically by the pandemic.Accountants Ana Valentín Torres, as well as Edwin Ortiz, who also often serve Chinese restaurants several years ago, explained that these businesses applied for PPP to pay the wages of their employees during the emergency.While it is true that Ortiz understands that federal loans helped these establishments stand, he is concerned about what will happen when aid runs out.Accountant Amador Cruz Reyes also mentioned that the Chinese merchants he served during the pandemic applied for PPP and that, when they closed their restaurantsfollowing the government executive order for full closure, employees at several establishments applied for the PUA while they reopened."Things aren't as they were before the pandemic," he replied when asked about sales of Chinese restaurants.The reduction in schedules and the prejudice of customers resulted in a decrease in sales, the accountant explained.The Center for Neighborhood Knowledge and the Asian American Studies Center at the University of California published a joint report entitled COVID-19's Employment Disruptions to Asian Americans in which an estimated 233,000 small businesses run by Asians in the United States closed from February to April last year. Among other reasons, he awarded this 28 percent drop to xenophobia.Meanwhile, Valentin recalled how some of the Chinese he served looked sad and ashamed to feel guilty about the pandemic that originated in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China.Eddie Ng, employee and heir to the restaurant La Pagoda China in Lares told the ICC that sales were reduced there by 10 to 20 percent, specifically from February to March last year. Economic narrowness resulted in a reduction in the payroll of their employees, offering them fewer working days. The drop in sales, as perceived by the entrepreneur, was due to the prejudice of customers by not having correct information about the virus and fearing that because they are Chinese they could spread it.While at John F. Kennedy Airport in New York, after a flight from Puerto Rico, Transportation and Security Administration (TSA) officers took the temperature despite telling them he had not gone to Asia or Europe. He was then asked a few simple questions, so he felt weird, especially the way the rest of the passengers looked at him. Back in Puerto Rico, Eddie Ng entered a pharmacy, and a client asked one of the employees not to let her in because she feared the young man would infect her with the virus.His dad was asked if he was infected with the virus and noticed, for weeks, how customers were leaving immediately after entering the restaurant and not identifying someone he knew.After both experiences he felt fear. There were many moments when he wondered if he would be attacked like his countrymen in the United States, simply because of his ancestry. Eddie Ng told how much this rejection outraged him, because he was born and raised in Puerto Rico. In his 31 years of life he has gone between Chinese and Puerto Rican culture celebrating the Chinese New Year with his mother in New York, studying at a bilingual school, like many young Chinese, and working 12 hours a day at his dad's restaurant. It's easy to detect your Puerto Ricanity in your accent."When the virus came here, my dad wasn't so affected [emotionally], though I did," he said."I felt a little judged by the ignorance of the people, though I also understand, because it is the safety of the other person. It was a little strong months," he said.For Stephanie Leung, daughter of the owners of Shi Wei Tian restaurant in Manatee, prejudice against the Chinese on the island predes the pandemic.It's not uncommon for employees to speak English when they go to a store because they assume they don't master Spanish, he recounted. When he answers them in Spanish, they are surprised. Sometimes even people have expressed disrespectful comments about her in believing she doesn't understand them.On one occasion, while in the supermarket, the person following him in line exclaimed, "This Chinese woman!" At that moment, Leung remembers turning and staring at her eyes to inform her thatunderstood what he said.And it is that calling her for her ethnicity, instead of her name, is discriminatory, she emphasized.Leung recounted that, in his experience, his compatriots are looked at strangely, are not adequately cared for or simply do not care for them."When COVID-19 had not arrived in Puerto Rico (...) sales of the business were affected because they thought it was the Fault of the Chinese and there were always mis-place reviews," he said in reference to his parents' restaurant who estimated he had a 70 percent loss and remained closed from March to June last year.Prejudice towards Chinese people amid the pandemic arose because when the virus was discovered in China, some media outlets called the new strain the "Wuhan virus" or the "Chinese virus." Although the World Health Organization later named the virus COVID-19, the use of the old name continued, highlighting the case of former US President Donald Trump, who incorporated it into his daily public speech. The Stop Asian American and Pacific Islander Hate support center - a coalition of three academic and non-profit entities in the United States established in the wake of the pandemic - reported that from March to December last year, 2,808 people reported a racist attack, and 40.7 percent were against Chinese.For José Lee Borges, author of Los Chinos in Puerto Rico and assistant professor in the Department of History of the University of Puerto Rico at Río Piedras, the accounts of the owners of Chinese food restaurants during the pandemic are not surprising to him.He said the Chinese work in their restaurants until 12- to 14-hour shifts, such as managers, employees, or owners."A Chinese man in a restaurant possibly works Monday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 10 a.m. How long do you have to get out? They don't have any," said the assistant professor."People wonder where they are that they don't see each other," he said. "Well, you don't see them because they work hard."In his book Los Chinos in Puerto Rico Lee Borges recounts that the first to enter the island went through painful experiences working on the construction of the central road, the Culebrita Lighthouse and the Brick Tendal in Ponce. They were maimed by dynamite explosions and accidents by removing large rocks. Those who later obtained their freedom, established during the nineteenth century the first Chinese food anchors in Puerto Rico.It has been documented that the first Chinese to enter the island were about 350 confined sent from Cuba between 1865 and 1880. They were part of some 500,000 Chinese who arrived in America between 1847 and 1873 as contract workers. These workers were transported under the signing of a voluntary contract to the New World. The guarantee was that they worked temporarily in exchange for certain payments and benefits, which, in many cases, did not meet.On the island, they are little understood, said Lee Borges. "In Puerto Rico there is a lot of misinformation on the part of the government (...) especially about the Chinese," he said.The Department of Finance and the DDEC do not know how many Chinese received government incentives during the pandemic, both agencies told the ICC.The DDEC does not have data on the economic impact of COVID-19 on Chinese entrepreneurs because the agency does not collect the nationality of the entrepreneurs and industrialists it serves. The Treasury, for its part, does not collect information about the nationality or ethnicity of the taxpayer on the forms or on the economic impact form of the Unified Internal Revenue System.On the other hand, the SBA replied that it would not be able to send the data because it is an information field that is optionally completedand manually on loan applications to that agency, and that during the pandemic, they do not have the necessary staff to review the forms one by one.Last September, the State Department's Electronic Register of Corporations and Entities (DE) accounted for about 131 Chinese restaurants and active sushi establishments in Puerto Rico. DE figures contrast with a Google search, which found that there were at least 259 Chinese restaurants on the island. For example, in Moca there are two, although the DE does not identify any.The discrepancy may be because not every entrepreneur has to register their business in the Corporate Registry, the agency explained. Only those who wish to join, if they meet all the requirements, would be on the DE list."In the case of Chinese restaurants (...) some of these may have been established as personal businesses, which is equally valid," said DE press officer Juan Carlos Hernández.The executive director of the Puerto Rico Chamber of Commerce (CCPR), Miguel L. Vargas Jiménez, acknowledged that prejudice has been a stumbling block that Chinese entrepreneurs faced when the pandemic began.Vargas Jiménez mentioned that in the Chamber of Commerce they do not have the data of the partners by nationality, and only remembered having a Chinese member.The executive director of the Puerto Rico Restaurant Association (ASORE), Gadiel Lebrón Sagardía, said the group has only one Chinese restaurant on its license plate.He mentioned that some of the restaurants in the association have lost 50 percent of their income as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, it does not know what the economic impact has been on Chinese food restaurants in particular, because for both the entity and the government, they are all the same: prepared food.The former chairman of the Committee on Asian Affairs of the Puerto Rico Chamber of Commerce - which organized trade missions between the island and Asia in the past - José E. Ledesma Fuentes, attended With Lebrón Sagardía that the challenges facing Chinese restaurants are similar to those of the rest of the restaurants.He stated that most Chinese entrepreneurs tend to operate and set up their family restaurants because trust for them is important.The Asia Market supermarket is located on Fernández Juncos Avenue in Santurce.Lisa Lee opened it in 2002, after owning three Chinese restaurants in San Lorenzo, Caguas and Hato Rey. When he first moved to the island, many Chinese restaurant owners imported their products from New York through family members. That motivated her to open the supermarket.Lisa is a strong, gray, funny and cheerful woman. He speaks Spanish, English, Cantonese and Mandarin. She was wearing a pink mask and a yellow blouse with flowers. She moved to Puerto Rico from San Francisco in 1984 after marrying a Chinese man who lived here.In the grocery box, in front of the cash register and kettle, it smelled of dried noodles and soy, as if they had just opened a pack of Chinese soup.Her countrymen would meet in the afternoons for tea next to her, she said. They chatted in their native dialects and watched news about their country thanks to a converter box connected to two analogue TVs and two digital ones.However, since the pandemic began, they did not return anymore. They were elderly, so they were among the most vulnerable.The Asia Market highlighted red, green, yellow, brown, orange, violet and blue products. They were made in China, Vietnam, the Philippines, Thailand and Korea. The walls were white, the air conditioning console sounded. The shelves hadGaps. The fridge at the back of the premises contained unknown snacks.After the government's first major closure in March 2020, Lisa kept her supermarket open with proper precautions. It only allowed four customers in at a time. Despite the limitations, customer flow increased rather than deseded, being one of the few open establishments in the area. It is not uncommon for me to work harder since the pandemic began, as it is added to the day to disinfect the supermarket after closing it at 6:30 p.m."I've cut ten pounds, " he joked.On the wall is a figure of a man with a red face, jet beard and gold armor. He is the warrior god Kuang Kung, a sage who won many battles, and that the Chinese place in their shops or in their homes to achieve success, prosperity and riches, according to the book Cuchirrican, of the Cuban immigrant of Chinese descent based in Puerto Rico, Violeta Chang.The book also tells how, after living in Miami after the triumph of the Cuban revolution, the author settled in Puerto Rico with her husband, Alfredo Louk.On October 30, 1964, her husband opened the Rex Cream ice cream parlor in Guayama. He chose the municipality of the southeast for its 45,000 inhabitants, an important criterion for a business of cravings to prosper at the time. The brand became popular after more Chinese emigrants established their own Rex Cream ice cream parlors in different municipalities.The key to establishing ice cream parlor when they had barely emigrated was the teaching of their Chinese parents: "savings is the basis of capital.""My mom would say to me, "If you get a weight, you can spend 75 cents, but you have to save 25," she added.The entrepreneur and author of tanned skin, ripped eyes, reddish brown hair are sometimes asked if she is Filipino. His first language is Spanish, but he also speaks Cantonese. On his neck he wears a virgin's medal.While we were talking about the ice cream parlor, it still looked intact despite having closed two months before the interview. A smell of browning flooded the place whose bars looked at Derkes Street in Guayama. The owner saw passers-by behind bars.The ice cream parlor had withstood 115 assaults, an economic recession in the early 1980s and the death of urban centers. However, he ceased functions during the pandemic."The business came from a drag from Mary and for many years," said Violet's daughter Aileen Louk.The first generation Puerto Rican is the current administrator of the two remaining ice cream parlors, located in Guayama and Cayey.The most income-produced ice cream parlour was a second, smaller one that had opened in Guayama's public square. As a smaller venue, it required fewer protective and disinfection materials to keep it clean and with proper social estating during the pandemic.This story was the result of a scholarship from the ICC Institute of Journalistic Training, with the support of the Angel Ramos Foundation.Load-Date: March 16, 2021End of Document

China pressures brands to reject reports of Xinjiang abusesAssociated Press Financial WireMarch 29, 2021 Monday 11:24 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 687 wordsByline: EMILY WANG FUJIYAMA, Associated PressDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) — China stepped up pressure Monday on foreign shoe and clothing brands to reject reports of abuses in Xinjiang, telling companies that are targeted by Beijing for boycotts to look more closely and pointing to a statement by one that it found no forced labor.H&M, Nike, Adidas and other brands are caught in a conflict over Xinjiang after Western governments imposed sanctions on officials accused of abuses. State media called for a boycott of H&M for saying it would no longer use cotton from Xinjiang and are criticizing other brands for expressing concern about reports of forced labor.“When the stick of sanctions is brandished on Xinjiang, it will also hit your own head,” a spokesman for the Xinjiang regional government, Xu Guixiang, said at a news conference in Beijing.More than 1 million members of the Uyghur and other predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities have been confined to camps in Xinjiang in China's northwest, according to foreign governments and researchers. Authorities there are accused of imposing forced labor and coercive birth control measures.The Chinese government rejects complaints of abuses and says the camps are for job training to support economic development and combat Islamic radicalism.H&M should “look into this matter seriously,” Xu said.“Where did you get this evidence? That would be some fake scholars or distorted reports or so-called testimonies,” Xu said. “Many of these people are ill-intentioned. They just want to destabilize Xinjiang.”Separately, a foreign ministry spokesman warned Japan, which has been silent about Xinjiang, against joining Western governments in imposing sanctions.“We hope Japan will be prudent with its words and deeds and not follow the United States in making unwarranted attacks on China only because it is a U.S. ally," Zhao Lijian said in a response to a question at a ministry briefing. “It does not serve of the interest of Japan.”The attacks began when the ruling party’s Youth League publicized H&M’s statement last Wednesday. State TV called for a boycott of the Swedish retailer. Official media have criticized Nike, Adidas, Uniqlo and Burberry for expressing concern about reports of forced labor in Xinjiang.That came after United States, the 27-nation European Union, Britain and Canada on March 22 announced travel and financial sanctions on four Chinese officials accused of abuses. Beijing has retaliated by announcing similar penalties against European and British officials, legislators and researchers.H&M goods have disappeared from major Chinese e-commerce platforms but on Monday the other brands still were available. The smartphone apps for H&M, Adidas and Nike were missing Monday from major Chinese app stores.The Communist Party often pressures foreign clothing, travel and other brands over actions by their governments or to compel them to adopt its positions on Taiwan, Tibet and other sensitive issues.Most comply because China is one of the biggest, fastest-growing markets for global fashion, electronics and other consumer brands.Another spokesman at the event with Xu, Elijan Anayat, pointed to a statement by shoe brand Skechers USA, Inc., that it failed to find evidence to support a report by an Australian think tank that one of its Chinese suppliers might use forced labor.The supplier, Dong Guan Lu Zhou Shoes, confirmed some of its workforce are Uyghurs but said they are free to leave, according to Skechers. It said the company has conducted multiple audits of the supplier since 2017 and has “no reason to believe that Lu Zhou is using any forced labor.”“I believe they will be appreciated by Chinese customers and win greater (market) shares,” Elijan Anayat said.H&M’s statement last March cited a decision by the Better Cotton Initiative, an industry group that promotes labor and environmental standards, to stop licensing cotton from Xinjiang because it was difficult to trace how it was produced.Japanese retailer MUJI and South Korean-owned athletic shoe maker FILA say will keep buying cotton from Xinjiang. FILA China said last week it started the process of withdrawing from the BCI.Load-Date: March 29, 2021End of Document

China is still part of Microsoft's game plan despite the big hackCNN WireMarch 9, 2021 Tuesday 11:04 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 874 wordsByline: By Laura He, CNN BusinessDateline: (CNN) Body             Microsoft has blamed a huge attack on its Exchange email service on a group linked to China.But fallout from the incident, which is estimated to have affected hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide, is unlikely to blunt attempts by one of the most successful Western firms in China to continue making inroads there.The American tech giant revealed last week that a hacking group called Hafnium exploited Microsoft Exchange and was able to gain access to computers. The company said the group is "assessed to be state-sponsored and operating out of China."A US official recently told CNN that as many as 250,000 Microsoft customers were hit by the attack, and the White House has deemed it an "active threat." Beijing has pushed back on the allegations that it is involved, warning last week that linking such attacks "directly to the government" is a "highly sensitive political issue" that shouldn't be based on "unprovoked guesses."The hack puts Microsoft in an uncomfortable spot. While its China sales account for just a fraction of its total revenue, the company has still touted the country as one of its most important "strategic" markets.Microsoft entered China in 1992 and for decades has counted on its influential research lab - Microsoft Research Lab Asia - to help it build influence. Its software is used by the Chinese government and companies, and Bing is the only foreign search engine with any traction in China.Experts point out, though, that the company survived the US-China trade war and other tensions. And even as Washington is expected to probe the incident further, Microsoft will likely forge ahead with plans to build out its presence in China.The company just appointed a new CEO for Greater China, Hou Yang. And it has announced plans to double its cloud service capacity in the country in the coming years."Microsoft not only has a history in China, but a longer history of grappling with state-linked cyber threats," said Peter Singer, a strategist and senior fellow at New America Foundation with expertise on cybersecurity and foreign policy.Building cloutMicrosoft has worked hard tobuild goodwill in China. Its Beijing-based research lab has cultivated many Chinese tech talents, including Bytedance founder Zhang Yiming, Alibaba tech chief Wang Jian and former Baidu president Zhang Yaqin.Billionaire co-founder Bill Gates has visited China more than a dozen times since the 1990s, and once even hosted former Chinese President Hu Jintao at his home in Washington state.Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi praised the former CEO as an "an old friend of Chinese people" in 2018, and President Xi Jinping wrote to Gates last year to thank him for his support in fighting Covid-19.The company's clout has led to success. It employs more than 6,000 staff there, and its products are still available where others are not. While Facebook is blocked, for example, Microsoft's LinkedIn remains one of the few Western social media tools available in the mainland. The Bing search engine is also operational, while Google has been cut out for years.Challenges in ChinaThe company faces challenges in China, though.President Brad Smith said last year that Microsoft gets less than 2% of global sales from China - an amount that comes to about $2 billion based on2019 figures.Some have blamed the lack of sales on piracy: In 2018, former CEO Steve Ballmer told Fox Business Network that the vast majority of Chinese companies use Microsoft's operating system, though barely any firms pay for it. Ballmer, who left Microsoft in 2014, estimated that piracy cost the company about $10 billion in profit.Allegations of piracy have long generated heated debate within China, including frequent pushback from the Chinese government. One prominent government scientist, Ni Guangnan with the Chinese Academy of Engineering, even once claimed in a 2018 interview with Chinese state media that Microsoft "deliberately" allowed the use of pirated products so locally made operating systems wouldn't gain traction.Microsoft has also encountered tensions with Chinese authorities. In 2014, regulators announced an antitrust probe into the company's Windows software system and raided offices. No punishment was ever announced, though.Despite those bumps, Microsoft has continued to focus on expansion. It's trying to grow its cloud business in China, the world's second largest market after the United States, by increasing the capacity of its Chinese version of Microsoft Azure. It partnered with a local Chinese firm in 2014 to bring its cloud computing to China.Microsoft said this month it wants its new regional CEO to "seize high growth opportunities" in Greater China by building partnerships in tech and elsewhere."It seems Microsoft is still expanding in China, including cooperation on data management and cloud cybersecurity," said Winston Ma, an adjunct professor at New York University and a former managing director at China Investment Corp., a Chinese sovereign wealth fund.<em>- Alex Marquardt, Zachary Cohen, and CNN's Beijing bureau contributed to this report.</em>                      By Laura He, CNN Business         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 18, 2021End of Document

What the Fear of China Is Doing to American ScienceAtlantic OnlineFebruary 16, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1696 wordsByline: Rory TruexBodyIn what is becoming a familiar scene in American higher education, a Chinese-born scientist at a high-profile university was recently arrested for his ties to the Chinese government. About a month ago, Gang Chen, a naturalized American citizen and highly respected professor of mechanical engineering at MIT, was indicted by a grand jury for "failing to disclose contracts, appointments and awards from various entities in the People's Republic of China." Authorities say that Chen, who received U.S. Department of Energy grants for his research in nanotechnology, did not properly inform the agency about contracts entitling him to "hundreds of thousands of dollars in direct payments" from entities in China. Chen's lawyers have responded aggressively, accusing U.S. Attorney Andrew Lelling of making "false, highly inflammatory" comments that questioned Chen's "character and reputation." MIT has agreed to fund Chen's defense, and hundreds of his colleagues have signed an open letter testifying to his character.Chen's case is part of a broader U.S. government crackdown on scientists that has targeted both Chinese citizens and Chinese Americans-and has challenged the leading role American research institutions play in global science. Trade battles, human-rights abuses in Xinjiang, and the militarization of the South China Sea are what usually come to mind when Americans think about the growing friction with China. But in many ways, U.S. universities are a more immediate battleground. They are centers of basic research-studies about the underlying foundations of natural phenomena conducted without specific commercial or military applications in mind. According to existing U.S. government policy, such research is meant to be kept as open as possible. The concern of many U.S. policy makers is that Beijing is using so-called non-traditional intelligence collectors-students, faculty, and other researchers-to steal secrets from American labs and gain a competitive edge.Gang Chen's case, like the others that have come before it, thus crystallizes a set of questions about the nature of American science. Should U.S. universities foster global collaboration and import foreign talent, or should they be more overtly American in their orientation? Should they forge strong relationships in China, or should they try to "decouple" from it? How can research funded by American taxpayers be protected from bad actors in a setting that is fundamentally open?    The Trump administration had easy answers to such questions: stop Chinese students from coming to the U.S. in the first place, and crack down on individuals with illicit ties to China. In the fall of 2018, then Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the China Initiative, an effort targeting Beijing-sponsored economic espionage and trade-secret theft at American firms and universities. The administration also took steps to restrict Chinese citizens' ability to study in the United States, including abruptly canceling visas for Chinese students with academic ties to certain universities and institutions linked to the Chinese military. Some proposed legislation would go even further. The Secure Campus Act, proposed in 2020 by three Republicans-Senators Tom Cotton and Marsha Blackburn and Representative David Kustoff-would bar all citizens of mainland China from receiving student or research visas to the United States for graduate or postgraduate studies in STEM fields. The new administration is widely expected to show more flexibility on immigration matters than its immediate predecessor, but Joe Biden too has often been sharply critical of China.[Peter Beinart: The utter futility of Biden's China rhetoric]Although federal investigators have revealed some irregularities, just how much illicit activity is actually happening on U.S. campuses remains unclear. The FBI touts that it has more than 2,000 ongoing investigations tied to China in some way, but to date authorities have made arrests at only a dozen academic institutions. The majority of those cases focus on fraud, not espionage; the researchers in question have allegedly failed to disclose affiliations and funding from Chinese entities. These relationships are generally not illegal in and of themselves, and in some instances are actively encouraged by the American university. Gang Chen's case fits this mold; the primary accusation against him is that he received millions of dollars of undisclosed funding from China's Southern University of Science and Technology, although in fact he developed this partnership at MIT's behest.The Justice Department's crackdown appears discriminatory to many Chinese Americans. The Committee of 100, a nonprofit organization comprising prominent members of the community, argues that "the loyalties of Chinese Americans are being unfairly questioned, and the community is being severely maligned by overreaching prosecutions and rush to judgment." Though discrimination is hard to prove, people of Chinese ethnicity appear to have been differentially targeted in the past. In the mid-2010s, several naturalized citizens of Chinese descent-Xi Xiaoxing, Sherry Chen, Guoqing Cao, and Shuyu Liu-were swept up in accusations of espionage only to be found innocent, their lives and reputations destroyed in the process. An empirical study of cases charged under the Economic Espionage Act from 1997 to 2015 shows that roughly one in five Asian defendants charged with espionage was ultimately acquitted, compared with only one in 10 defendants with Western names.Even if the China Initiative is being implemented in a nondiscriminatory way and is effective in rooting out a few bad scientists with illicit intentions, the Biden administration should not ignore the downside. How many good scientists are going to be deterred from coming to the U.S.? In a typical year, tens of thousands of Chinese scientists come to the United States, enriching the universities and research communities they join. Across STEM fields, an estimated 41,000 master's and 36,000 doctoral students in American universities are Chinese citizens. This represents 16 percent of all U.S. graduate students in those disciplines. The overwhelming majority-about 85 to 90 percent-seek to assimilate and gain U.S. citizenship. When they stay, they create companies, jobs, and new technologies that benefit the United States. The attractiveness of American universities is a core comparative advantage of the U.S. in the competition with China.[Read: How Xi Jinping blew it]The Chinese government knows this, and it has scrambled for ways to lure its talented citizens back. By adopting policies that cast aspersions on Chinese-born scientists, the U.S. government might well have solved China's problem.American science should be grounded in fairness and transparency, and the Biden administration can use the government's power to address violations of those values. Many scientists are concerned about the practice of "double dipping"-research about one idea being funded by multiple grants-which is why professors are required to disclose their full funding profiles to their universities and American granting agencies. Some U.S. scientists might indeed have ethically compromising relationships with entities in China. The Justice Department alleges that Charles Lieber, the former chair of Harvard's chemistry department, received up to $50,000 a month from the Wuhan University of Technology as a "strategic scientist." According to his charging documents, a Chinese secondary school paid Gang Chen $355,715 in consulting fees. Which services are covered by transactions like these are unclear, but the arrangements do not appear to serve the interests of Harvard, MIT, or the United States. The Biden administration and American universities should revisit which financial arrangements are acceptable with foreign institutions-in China or anywhere else-and how they should be disclosed. The Justice Department is wisely considering an amnesty program that would allow individuals to report foreign ties now and avoid investigation.  The United States can address past and future conflicts of interest while also welcoming scientists of all backgrounds. A good first step would be a public review of the China Initiative, to allow Congress and the scientific community to understand more about how the initiative is being conducted and how much hard evidence it has collected of espionage and illicit activity on Beijing's part. Lawmakers should also assess whether the Justice Department's work includes protections against discriminatory investigation and prosecution. Such a review would be consistent with the Biden administration's recent rebuke of racism directed at Asian Americans, and would signal to Chinese researchers that they are valued members of the American scientific community.[Anne Applebaum: The world is never going back to normal]In confronting the challenges posed by a rising China, U.S. policy makers must remember that the power of the American scientific enterprise lies not simply in the number of citations or patents it generates, but in the number of bright people from every country in the world who want to come here to do research-because of how we conduct science, speak about politics, and provide opportunity regardless of a person's nation of origin.In the end, the U.S. government must also accept that some degree of theft, plagiarism, and loss of intellectual property is the price of America's open approach. Data and computer code are shared, working papers are circulated, research is disseminated publicly, and participation is open to all. The strength of this model is that it is social; by communicating findings broadly, scientists receive feedback, collaborate, and innovate further. This is the philosophy that has propelled U.S. science ahead of the rest of the world. This model can be abused by bad players-perhaps even by spies-but it is still working far better than a more restrictive alternative would. If Americans cordon off our scientific communities in the name of security, we will be sacrificing our greatest advantage, and the core of who we are.Load-Date: February 17, 2021End of Document

CHINA EXTENDS, EXPANDS RESTRICTIONS IN TIBET FOLLOWING MARCH 10 UPRISING DAY'States News ServiceMarch 22, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 532 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:Chinese authorities in Tibet have recently intensified their crackdown on the spread of politically sensitive information, monitoring online news-sharing and stopping Tibetans in the streets to check mobile phones for forbidden content, Tibetan sources say.The move expands tightened restrictions put in place around the March 10 anniversary of a failed 1959 Tibetan uprising against rule by China, which marched into the formerly independent Himalayan country nine years before, a Tibetan living in exile told RFA.The crackdown on individuals' phones by the Chinese authorities has intensified recently, said Golog Jigme, a former Tibetan political prisoner now living in Switzerland.Anyone found with pictures of [exiled spiritual leader] the Dalai Lama or with documents related to events on March 10 or Tibetan issues generally is detained and punished, Jigme added, citing information obtained from contacts inside Tibet.My sources in Tibet do not feel free to share more detailed news though, or to identify anyone arrested by the Chinese or whose whereabouts are unknown, Jigme said.Telecommunications offices set up in Tibetan villages now check on all conversations made over the phone, and police use the need to prevent the spread of COVID-19 as their excuse for stopping individuals for closer searches, Jigme said, adding, That's how Tibetans are scrutinized.Chinese authorities in Tibet routinely maintain tight control over information flows in the region, arresting Tibetans for sharing news and opinions on social media and for contacting relatives living in exile, sometimes with news of anti-China protests, according to rights groups and other experts.'Permanent' controls in LhasaRestrictions in Tibet's regional capital Lhasa have meanwhile remained in place after the politically sensitive March 10 anniversary, a London-based Tibetan rights group says, with large numbers of Chinese police deployed around the Jokhang Temple and groups of more than three Tibetans barred from visiting the important pilgrimage site.The Chinese government increased its oppressive security measures to avoid people marking their historical resistance to Chinese occupation. Now it appears to be making these restrictions permanent, said John Jones, Campaigns and Advocacy Manager at Free Tibet, in a March 22 statement.This constant escalation of constraints on the Tibetan way of life must result in foreign governments taking real action against the Chinese government, Jones said.Formerly an independent nation, Tibet was invaded and incorporated into China by force nearly 70 years ago, and the Dalai Lama and thousands of his followers fled into exile in India and other countries around the world following the failed 1959 uprising against Chinese rule.Chinese authorities maintain a tight grip on the region, restricting Tibetans' political activities and peaceful expression of cultural and religious identity, and subjecting Tibetans to persecution, torture, imprisonment, and extrajudicial killings.Reported by Lobe Socktsang for RFA's Tibetan Service. Translated by Tenzin Dickyi. Written in English by Richard Finney.Load-Date: March 23, 2021End of Document

MENENDEZ, RUBIO SEEK ANSWERS ABOUT AMAZON DEALINGS WITH CHINESE COMPANY REPORTEDLY COMPLICIT IN UYGHUR GENOCIDEUS Fed NewsFebruary 12, 2021 Friday 9:31 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 1916 wordsBodyWASHINGTON, Feb. 12 -- The office of Sen. Bob Menendez issued the following press release:WASHINGTON- U.S. Senators Bob Menendez (D-N.J.), Chairman of the Senate ForeignRelations Committee, today was joined by Senator Marco Rubio (R-Fla.),Co-Chair of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China (CECC), incalling on Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos to detail the nature of his company'sdealings with Dahua Technology Co., a Chinese company that has reportedlydeveloped facial recognition software to recognize and report detection ofUyghur Muslims to Chinese authorities, facilitating the Chinese government'songoing genocide and other crimes against humanity against the Uyghur people."Thesereports are extremely disturbing, and show that the comprehensivesurveillance system that Chinese authorities have deployed against theUyghurs is just as bad as we had feared, if not worse," the Senatorswrote, citing troubling software features including the "Real-time UyghurWarnings" that report individuals with specified facial traits to Chinesesecurity forces immediately.TheSenators also raised questions concerning Mr. Bezos' awareness of DahuaTechnology's status on the Commerce Department's Entity List when his companyentered into negotiations and agreed to a $10 million contract with theChinese company as well as Amazon's criteria to determine when to terminate abusiness relationship with an entity that engages in human rights violations."While buying equipmentfrom Dahua Technology is not illegal, it does raise several questions for youas the Chief Executive of Amazon," the Senators added. "Ifthese allegations against Dahua are true, it would mean that Amazon willfullyignored guidance from the United States government and purchased equipmentfrom an entity-listed company that is complicit in China's atrocities againstthe Uyghurs."Find acopy of the letter HERE and below.Dear Mr. Bezos,We write today regarding the concerning reportsthatDahuaTechnology Co, a Chinese business that is designated on theUnited States Department of Commerce Entity List andwithwhichAmazon has entered into several troubling contracts with, has developedsoftware to provide instant Uyghur detection to Chinesepolice andauthorities using their facial recognition programs.As you know, since 2014the Chinese Communist Party(CCP) has instituted an Orwellian system of surveillance, intimidation, andmass internment of Uyghurs, ethnic Kazakhs, Kyrgyz, and members of otherMuslim minority groups in Xinjiang.Reports suggest thatmore than1,000,000 Uyghurs and other Turkic Muslims have been arbitrarily detained andforced into "political re-education" camps, where they are denied civil andpolitical rights, such as the freedoms of expression, religion, movement, anda fair trial. Mounting evidence points to gross human rights violationsoccurring within these camps, including forced political indoctrination,torture, beatings, food deprivations, and other egregious abuses.Additionally, the CCP has forced many Uyghurs and other Turkic Muslims intolabor at nearby factories, either while in detention or after release underthreat of being sent back into the camps. Recently, the State Departmentdeclared that the Chinese government is committing genocide and crimesagainst humanity against the Uyghur population.According toa joint report released this week bytheLos AngelesTimes andIPVM,DahuaTechnologyinadvertently revealed thesourcecodefor the Uyghur detecting software on its productsupport portal, allowing researchers to investigate the software'scode-where they found manytroublingallegations.Specifically, in the code forDahua's"SmartPolice Heart of City" program - which is advertised ashaving earlywarning capabilities- there areseveral feature codes referencing"Real-time Uyghur Warnings", an option that when enabled would instantlyreport a person the facial recognition system believes is a Uyghur to thepolice. In another,Dahua's"Sharp Eyes" project had a categorylisted as "Uyghurs with hidden terrorist inclinations". Further, it wasrevealed in November 2020 thatDahua'spublicly available SoftwareDevelopment Kit (SDK) had the ability tofilteracodefor"EM_NATION_TYPE_UYGUR = 1."All of these allegations are extremelydisturbing, and shows that thesystemic surveillance system in Chinaperpetrated against the Uyghurs is just as bad as previously thought to be,if not worse.Last year, Amazonentered a deal reportedly worth$10 million to buy 1,500 cameras fromDahuaTechnologyCo,even though the Commerce Department had alreadylabeledDahuaas being"involved, or to pose a significant risk ofbeing or becoming involved, in activities contrary to thenationalsecurity or foreign policy interests of the UnitedStates."If these allegations againstDahuaare legitimate,and which they certainly seem to be, it would mean that Amazon willfullyignored guidance from the UnitedStates governmentand purchasedequipment from an entity-listedcompanythat isnot onlycomplicit in China'sgenocide against the Uyghurs,but activelyaidingandabettingit.While buying equipmentfromDahuaTechnologyis not illegal,it does raiseseveral questions foryou as Chief Executive ofAmazon.Specifically;1)Were you aware of thatDahuaTechnology was onthe Commerce Department's Entity List when your companyentered negotiationswith and subsequently agreed to a $10 million contract with them?Whenwere you aware of the Entity List designation? Did itfactor into any ofyour deliberations of who to source your equipment from?2)Were you aware of theallegations againstDahuaTechnologyandits part in China's state surveillance systems against the Uyghurs?Whenwere you aware of them?3)How many contracts does Amazon havewithDahuaTechnology? How many have been completed? Are any of themstill pending?4)After the November 2020 allegations thatthere wassource codefoundspecifically related tosurveilling Uyghursin its SDK, did Amazon have any pending contracts withDahua?Wereany contracts completed after this information came to light?5)Does Amazon plan on continuing to source equipmentfromDahuaTechnology in the future?We look forward to your response. Thank you.Sincerely,###WASHINGTON- U.S. Senators Bob Menendez (D-N.J.), Chairman of the Senate ForeignRelations Committee, today was joined by Senator Marco Rubio (R-Fla.),Co-Chair of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China (CECC), incalling on Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos to detail the nature of his company'sdealings with Dahua Technology Co., a Chinese company that has reportedlydeveloped facial recognition software to recognize and report detection ofUyghur Muslims to Chinese authorities, facilitating the Chinese government'songoing genocide and other crimes against humanity against the Uyghur people.TheSenators also raised questions concerning Mr. Bezos' awareness of DahuaTechnology's status on the Commerce Department's Entity List when his companyentered into negotiations and agreed to a $10 million contract with theChinese company as well as Amazon's criteria to determine when to terminate abusiness relationship with an entity that engages in human rights violations.Find acopy of the letter HERE and below.Dear Mr. Bezos,We write today regarding the concerning reportsthatDahuaTechnology Co, a Chinese business that is designated on theUnited States Department of Commerce Entity List andwithwhichAmazon has entered into several troubling contracts with, has developedsoftware to provide instant Uyghur detection to Chinesepolice andauthorities using their facial recognition programs.As you know, since 2014the Chinese Communist Party(CCP) has instituted an Orwellian system of surveillance, intimidation, andmass internment of Uyghurs, ethnic Kazakhs, Kyrgyz, and members of otherMuslim minority groups in Xinjiang.Reports suggest thatmore than1,000,000 Uyghurs and other Turkic Muslims have been arbitrarily detained andforced into "political re-education" camps, where they are denied civil andpolitical rights, such as the freedoms of expression, religion, movement, anda fair trial. Mounting evidence points to gross human rights violationsoccurring within these camps, including forced political indoctrination,torture, beatings, food deprivations, and other egregious abuses.Additionally, the CCP has forced many Uyghurs and other Turkic Muslims intolabor at nearby factories, either while in detention or after release underthreat of being sent back into the camps. Recently, the State Departmentdeclared that the Chinese government is committing genocide and crimesagainst humanity against the Uyghur population.According toa joint report released this week bytheLos AngelesTimes andIPVM,DahuaTechnologyinadvertently revealed thesourcecodefor the Uyghur detecting software on its productsupport portal, allowing researchers to investigate the software'scode-where they found manytroublingallegations.Specifically, in the code forDahua's"SmartPolice Heart of City" program - which is advertised ashaving earlywarning capabilities- there areseveral feature codes referencing"Real-time Uyghur Warnings", an option that when enabled would instantlyreport a person the facial recognition system believes is a Uyghur to thepolice. In another,Dahua's"Sharp Eyes" project had a categorylisted as "Uyghurs with hidden terrorist inclinations". Further, it wasrevealed in November 2020 thatDahua'spublicly available SoftwareDevelopment Kit (SDK) had the ability tofilteracodefor"EM_NATION_TYPE_UYGUR = 1."All of these allegations are extremelydisturbing, and shows that thesystemic surveillance system in Chinaperpetrated against the Uyghurs is just as bad as previously thought to be,if not worse.Last year, Amazonentered a deal reportedly worth$10 million to buy 1,500 cameras fromDahuaTechnologyCo,even though the Commerce Department had alreadylabeledDahuaas being"involved, or to pose a significant risk ofbeing or becoming involved, in activities contrary to thenationalsecurity or foreign policy interests of the UnitedStates."If these allegations againstDahuaare legitimate,and which they certainly seem to be, it would mean that Amazon willfullyignored guidance from the UnitedStates governmentand purchasedequipment from an entity-listedcompanythat isnot onlycomplicit in China'sgenocide against the Uyghurs,but activelyaidingandabettingit.While buying equipmentfromDahuaTechnologyis not illegal,it does raiseseveral questions foryou as Chief Executive ofAmazon.Specifically;1)Were you aware of thatDahuaTechnology was onthe Commerce Department's Entity List when your companyentered negotiationswith and subsequently agreed to a $10 million contract with them?Whenwere you aware of the Entity List designation? Did itfactor into any ofyour deliberations of who to source your equipment from?2)Were you aware of theallegations againstDahuaTechnologyandits part in China's state surveillance systems against the Uyghurs?Whenwere you aware of them?3)How many contracts does Amazon havewithDahuaTechnology? How many have been completed? Are any of themstill pending?4)After the November 2020 allegations thatthere wassource codefoundspecifically related tosurveilling Uyghursin its SDK, did Amazon have any pending contracts withDahua?Wereany contracts completed after this information came to light?5)Does Amazon plan on continuing to source equipmentfromDahuaTechnology in the future?We look forward to your response. Thank you.Sincerely,### For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: February 13, 2021End of Document

China ordered local media to censor Alibaba coverage - FTStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeJanuary 9, 2021 SaturdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: MARKETS; Pg. 1Length: 626 wordsByline: Jean GarciaBodyThe closely-watched iShares China Large-Cap ETF fell 1.2% in the USA while the NASDAQ Golden Dragon China Index, which tracks other large Chinese technology stocks, dropped 2.1% for its worst day since November. Ms. Raimondo worked in venture capital before entering politics, and as governor she once said, at a USA national governor association conference in 2017, she hoped the two countries could broaden their areas of cooperation. Also this week, an Alibaba spokesperson told CBS News that "no further information can be shared for now" about Ma's whereabouts.The people's Republic of China is a country in East Asia that is the largest populated in the world with a population of 142 crore.Two weeks after China's government announced an antitrust investigation into the online giant Alibaba Group, it remains unclear whether the probe marks a turning point for the country's successful web-based businesses or exclusively a crackdown on company co-founder Jack Ma. Concerns and speculations over his current situation have been circulating in China. Within days, regulators called off the IPO, but not before summoning Ma and Ant executives to a meeting. The 56-year-old billionaire, who recently slipped to China's third-richest, was last seen in public in October when he criticized the country's financial regulatory system at a conference in Shanghai. Analysts suggested that there were two sides involved competing: one wants to reinforce the regulations while the other tries to use global influence to reverse the opinions of the regulators.After a few weeks, the company was once again the focus of government obstacles as an antitrust investigation was launched in which Alibaba was accused of forcing other companies to sign exclusivity agreements."Under President Xi, the CCP has tightened its grip over tech companies and doubled down on its techno-nationalist initiatives", researcher Alex Capri wrote in a recent report for the Hinrich Foundation. It seems like Ma has failed on his side.Miami axe coach Alonso amid Neville speculationNeville will leave his England job in July when his contract expires, and he will be replaced by Dutch coach Sarina Wiegman next September.Following state media's criticism, Ma's reputation has gone from one extreme to the other on the internet. One way it does that is through the presence of party committees in companies, among them tech enterprises, that are made up of employees. Ant Group, for example, is able to collect lending fees free of the tough regulations imposed on commercial banks. Some foreign newspapers claimed that the Chinese government demanded Ma share his customer credit details.However, Tencent is "not as aggressive" as Ant when it comes to cementing its position in the Chinese financial market, according to TechCrunch, the person involved with Tencent's offshore fintech business. Hupan University is a corporate business school inHangzhou founded by Ma in 2015.During the year, the company participated in more than 170 funding rounds that amounted to a total of 249.5 million yuan ($38 million), according to the Chinese startup database ITJuzi."There is a lot of power in the Chinese government's economic and financial management infrastructure, and if Ant was going to erode that power, important people would see it as a step too far", said Graham Webster, editor of the DigiChina project at the Stanford Cyber Policy Center.A commentary in the Communist Party's flagship People's Daily on December 24 sounded a note of reassurance, stating that "the investigation does not imply a change of attitude toward encouraging and supporting the online economy". "If he could leave, there is only one possibility - that is, the Chinese Communist Party wanted him to leave".Load-Date: January 9, 2021End of Document

China is ahead of the race for creating a national digital currencyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 2, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1201 wordsBodyAnnabelle Huang recently won a government sweepstakes to test China's latest economic experiment: a national digital currency.After participating in the draw through the social media app WeChat, Huang, 28, a business strataist in Shenzhen, received a digital envelope with 200 Chinese electronic yuan, or eCNY, worth about $30.To spend it, he went to a store near his office and bought nuts and yogurt. He then pulled out a QR code for the digital currency from his banking app, which the store scanned for payment. "The payment process is very similar" to that of other Chinese payment apps, Huang said of the eCNY experience, although he added that it wasn't that easy.China has embarked on a bold effort to redo the operation of government-backed money, deploying its own digital currency with qualities other than cash or digital deposits.The country's central bank, which began testing eCNY last year in four cities, has recently expanded those tests to larger cities such as Beijing and Shanghai, according to government presentations. This effort is one of several made by central banks around the world to test new forms of digital money that can move faster and give access to online financial tools to even the most disadvantaged people. Many countries have taken action as cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin, whose value has recently soared, have become more popular.But while Bitcoin was designed to be decentralized, so that no company or government could control it, digital currencies created by central banks give governments greater financial control.These currencies can allow direct delivery of expiring money if not used on a certain date and can make it easier forgovernments to track financial transactions to end tax evasion and suppress dissidents.Other casesIn the last 12 months, more than 60 countries have experimented with national digital currencies, compared to just over 40 a year earlier, according to the Bank for International Payments. These countries include Sweden, whichis conducting real-world testing of a digital crown, and the Bahamas, which has made available to all citizens a digital currency, the sand dollar.Instead, the United States has moved slowly and has only done basic research.At a New York Times event last week, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellensaid that could change when she said an American digital currency was "absolutely studio-worthy" because it "could lead to faster, safer, and cheaper payments." However, no great power is as advanced as China. His first steps could point to where the rest of the world is going with digital currencies."It's about more than just money," said Yaya Fanusie, a member of the Center for Economic and Financial Power, a group of experts, and author of a recent document on the Chinese currency."It's about developing new tools to collect data and leverage it to make the Chinese economy smarter and based on real-time information."Although the Chinese government has not said whether or when it will officially introduce eCNY across the country, several officials have mentioned that they will have it ready for tourists visiting the 2022 Olympic Games in Beijing.Recent articles and speeches by Bank officialsPeople of China, which is the country's central bank, underlined the project's ambitions and desire to be the first."Theright to issue and control digital currencies will become a 'new battleground' of competition between sovereign states," said an article by China Finance, the central bank magazine, in September."China has many advantages and opportunities in the issuance of fiddria digital currencies, so it should accelerate to take advantage of the first route." The People's Bank of China did not respond to a request for comment.The development of a national digital currency began in 2014, when the People's Bank of China created an internal group to work on one, shortly after Bitcoin gained attention in the country.TestIn 2016, the central bank created a division called the Digital Currency Institute. Last year, eCNY testing began in the cities of Shenzhen, Suzhou, Xiongan and Chengdu,according to research by Sino Global Capital, a financial investment firm.People invited to the test through a draw on WeChat or other applications could click on a link and get a balance of 200 yuan electronic, which was sometimes displayed in their banking app on an image of an outdated Chinese banknote faced by Maodong Ze.To spend the money, users can use the eCNY app to scan a merchant's QR code or produce a QR code that the merchant can scan. The eCNY design only borrows some minor technical elements of Bitcoin and does not use so-called blockchaintechnology, a system similar to a ledger, on which most cryptocurrencies are based, officials of the People's Bank of China have said.As a sign of the unusual nature of the coin, recipients only have a few weeks to spend digital money before it disappears.So far, only a limited number of trades have accepted the currency. But early users say the experience is so similar to that of Chinese digital payment options like Alipay and WeChat Pay that it wouldn't be difficult to switch to it if it spread across the country. "I totally agree to pay with the eCNY as it is soft and fast enough," said Yifan Gao, 30, a financial analyst at Shenzen, who recently used his 200 eCNY to buy sandwiches at a 7-Eleven. Gao added that the eCNY would only become widespread if people could send it to their friends, which was not possible with the trial version.Eswar Prasad, former director of the Chinese division of the International Monetary Fund, said one of the most important factors driving eCNY is the success of WeChat Pay and Alipay.Both have led to a new alternative financial system that has concerned Chinese officials and led to a recent crackdown on Jack Ma, the founder of Alibaba and Ant Financial, who owns Alipay. "ECNY is really a defensive mechanism for maintaining the relevance of central bank money," Prasad said.If eCNY succeeds, it will give the central bank new powers, including new types of monetary policy to help grow the economy.In one of the scenarios economists have discussed, the central bank could program its digital currency to slowly lose value, so that consumers are encouraged to spend it immediately.Some economists say that China's digital currency would also make it easier for the yuan to compete with the US dollar as a world currency, ascould circulate internationally with fewer barriers.But Chinese officials and analysts have said that many other changes would be needed for that to happen.Beyond these ambitions, eCNY could immediately give the Chinese government more power to control financial flows, as a digital currency system can record all transactions.This poses privacy issues, as China has used many tools in the past to suppress dissidents. "If I can't buy you a coffee without the government knowing, I'm worried about what this might mean," Prasad said. Huang, Shenzhen's business strata, said it already assumes that most of its data can be tracked and has become accustomed to it. "I choose to sacrifice a little privacy for comfort," he said.c.2021 The New York Times CompanyLook too       Load-Date: March 3, 2021End of Document

Coalition for a Prosperous America, China Tech Threat Release White Paper on Semiconductors, Countering China's ThreatsTargeted News ServiceMarch 22, 2021 Monday 1:17 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 894 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON Body(TNSRep) -- The Coalition for a Prosperous America issued the following news release:The Coalition for a Prosperous America (CPA) and China Tech Threat today jointly released a white paper titled "Maintaining U.S. Leadership in Semiconductors and Countering China's Threats." The paper examines the decline in U.S. market share in global semiconductor manufacturing, the attendant risks to U.S economic and national security, and why maintaining U.S. leadership in the semiconductor industry is critical for the U.S. It also documents China's efforts to become the global leader in the semiconductor industry and increasing dependence on foreign semiconductor manufacturers, especially Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (TSMC), which accounts for over half of global chip foundry revenue, including chips used in almost every 4G and 5G smartphone. Importantly, the white paper provides key policy recommendations to lawmakers in order to rebuild the U.S. semiconductor industry and restore the U.S. to its position as the world's leading designer and manufacturer of semiconductors.Read the full report by Jeff Ferry, CPA Chief Economist, and Roslyn Layton, PhD, co-founder of China Tech Threat, here."The U.S. semiconductor industry is in danger of being surpassed by foreign competitors, especially those in China. In their haste to become fabless, asset-lite companies, the new generation of chipmakers have deprived us of the essential manufacturing base and put our chip design capabilities at risk too," CPA Chief Economist Jeff Ferry said. "The solution is for the federal government, in partnership with private chipmakers, to relaunch the U.S. chip manufacturing capability, beginning with new fabs for cutting-edge logic chips. If we are truly a global superpower, then the U.S. must supply at least 50% of its own needs in this essential sector.""If the U.S. continues to relinquish its market share in the semiconductor industry, America's economy, national security, and hardworking men and women in the manufacturing industry will all pay a steep price," said China Tech Threat Co-Founder Dr. Roslyn Layton. "Policymakers know what needs to be done to regain our competitive edge, but they need to prioritize and commit to these actions. By strengthening enforcement of export controls, doubling down on chip manufacturing here in the U.S. and focusing on strategic coordination with international partners, the U.S. can restore its leadership and reap the benefits for the long-term."Key Findings:* China is targeting global leadership in the semiconductor industry and has put some $120 billion of Chinese government money behind this campaign. Chinese domination of the semiconductor industry, if achieved, would make the U.S. dependent on China for these vital components and endanger Americans' security when chips are used for sensitive products and installations.* Dependence on Taiwan has left the United States particularly exposed. One company, TSMC, accounts for over half of global chip foundry revenue, including chips used in almost every 4G and 5G smartphone. China's long-term policy options include undermining or gaining control over TSMC's business through a variety of means, ranging from competition to outright military conquest of the island of Taiwan. More largely, China's aggression in the region threatens suppliers from nearby countries that produce a large and growing share of semiconductors used in items ranging from smartphones and automobiles to military vehicles.Key Policy Recommendations:* The U.S. must strengthen its enforcement of the 2018 Export Control and Reform Act. U.S. semiconductor equipment makers and electronic design automation tool companies must be prevented from selling to entities with Chinese military ties. Today, that enforcement is too weak, and the list of restricted companies does not capture the breadth of the relevant entities. For example, firms like Applied Materials, KLA, and Lam Research sell to Yangtze Memory Technologies (YMTC) and ChangXin Memory Technologies (CXMT), companies that should be designated as Military End Users-if not Entity List actors-for their ties to the Chinese military.* Building on its leadership in chip design, the U.S. must implement reforms to support a substantial increase in U.S. chip manufacturing, with a goal of producing 50 percent of semiconductors in every major category. This will strengthen U.S. national security and diversify supply and resiliency. Moreover, it will create hundreds of thousands of high-paying manufacturing jobs in America.* U.S. policymakers should focus on greater international coordination on strategic trade control to ensure that semiconductor inputs and equipment are not sold to Chinese military end-users. U.S., European, and Japanese suppliers produce 90 percent of semiconductor manufacturing equipment. The U.S. should provide leadership to these nations and their companies in order to strengthen trade outside of China and beyond its influence. As a leader and innovator in the semiconductor industry, the U.S. should resume its position as the world's leading manufacturer of semiconductors.* * *REPORT: https://prosperousamerica.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/CTT_CPA_Semiconductor_White_Paper_3.20.21_FINAL.pdf[Category: ThinkTank]Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7432980 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: April 2, 2021End of Document

The U.S. Should Add a Little Humility to its China Policy | OpinionNewsweek.comMarch 19, 2021 Friday 3:13 PM ESTCopyright © 2021 Newsweek Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1029 wordsByline: Daniel R. DePetrisHighlight: The U.S. foreign policy establishment is effectively treating China as it treated the Soviet Union for over four decades: as an overriding, existential danger to American power that seeks to rewrite the rules as they've existed since World War II.BodyThere was a time, in what today seems like a strange era in a totally different galaxy, when the United States and China were thought to be destined for great things.Preparing to become the first U.S. president in a decade to visit China, Bill Clinton defended his policy of "constructive engagement," in which Washington and Beijing speak frankly about their differences while developing their economic relationship."Seeking to isolate China is clearly unworkable," Clinton told reporters in June 1998. "Over time, I believe China's leaders must accept freedom's progress, because China can only reach its full potential if its people are free to reach theirs."Clinton's successor, President George W. Bush, continued this policy for much of his tenure. During his own trip to Beijing in 2002, Bush praised the People's Republic of China for its rapid-paced modernization and productivity while marveling at the improvement of the U.S.-China relationship overall. In Bush's words, "China is on a rising path, and America welcomes the emergence of a strong and peaceful and prosperous China."Looking back at those remarks, today's crop of U.S. policymakers cringe at the naiveté. U.S.-China relations in 2021 are in the toilet. The starry-eyed hope and optimism of the 1990s and early 2000s is now replaced with a near universal concern in Washington, D.C., about potential Chinese hegemony in Asia. U.S. warships and carriers frequently traverse the South China Sea and the Taiwan Strait to disabuse Beijing of the notion it can turn the waters of the Pacific into its own personal lake.Lawmakers across the ideological divide, from Senators Bernie Sanders to Marco Rubio, are either vociferous critics of China for the nation's intellectual property theft and cyberattacks on U.S. institutions or are active proponents of boosting the U.S. military presence in Asia. A feeling of inevitable confrontation between Washington and Beijing, the world's two largest economies, is palpable in the Beltway.Adm. Philip Davidson, the commander of U.S. Indo-Pacific Command, requested an additional $27 billion over five years to outfit his command with air defense systems, surveillance and reconnaissance assets and the construction of new, smaller U.S. bases in the region. Sanctions on Chinese officials, once a rarity and considered off-limits for only the most serious infringements, are now commonplace. Lawmakers are competing against one another for the mantle of "China hawk," with a variety of bills floating around and others soon to be introduced. Congress may be stuck on just about everything else, but it can at least coalesce when it comes to the China issue.The American public is increasingly agitated and concerned about China's behavior as well. A new Pew Research Center survey published this month found that 89 percent of Americans believe China is a competitor or an enemy and 55 percent would support limiting the number of Chinese students studying in the United States. Two-thirds of Americans have a "cold" feeling toward China, up 21 percentage points since 2018.In short, being tough on the Chinese Communist Party is increasingly portrayed as a barometer of who is right and who is wrong. The U.S. foreign policy establishment is now effectively treating China as it treated the Soviet Union for over four decades: as an overriding, existential danger to American power that seeks to rewrite the rules as they've existed since World War II.Yet hidden underneath all the urgency are two vital questions that haven't been sufficiently examined. First, does the United States possess the power to contain China? And second, is Cold War-style containment the optimal policy?The answer to both questions hinges in large part on whether Washington can bring along its allies and partners for the ride. This is easier said than done.U.S. officials have a tendency to assume allies in Europe or Asia will robotically follow Washington's tune like an orchestra follows a conductor. But even allies have their own interests, priorities and prerogatives. The European Union may finally be opening their eyes to a list of bad Chinese behavior, but this is also the same European Union that struck a large investment deal with Beijing despite concerns emanating from President Joe Biden's national security team. China is now the EU's largest trading partner, with total trade amounting to about $700 billion in 2020. Whether the U.S. likes it or not, Europe's policy toward Beijing will always keep this commerce in mind.America's allies in East Asia aren't especially thrilled with the us-or-them mentality either. There is no doubt countries like Vietnam, Japan, South Korea and the Philippines are concerned about Beijing's territorial claims. But none of them would dream of allowing the U.S. to dictate their policy toward China, an economic behemoth that has proven more than willing on multiple occasions to exploit its status as the region's number-one trading partner to register disapproval. Just ask South Korea; when Seoul agreed to place a U.S. anti-missile defense system on its territory, the Chinese government responded by going on a scorched earth campaign against the South Korean-based Lotte Mart (90 stores in China were closed), prohibiting Chinese tours to South Korea and banning K-pop tours on Chinese soil.The South Korean government may have kept the missile battery operational, but not without a substantial economic loss. The Hyundai Research Institute estimated that South Korea lost $7.5 billion in income in 2017 alone. Seoul has no intention of stirring the hornets' nest again.On China, the U.S. needs to make a choice.Does it attempt to drag allies into Washington's camp, further rankling the very strategic relationships the Biden administration is so committed to building? Or does it introduce a little humility into its China policy, where the interests of others are respected or at least tolerated?Daniel R. DePetris is a fellow with the Defense Priorities think tank, columnist at the Washington Examiner and a contributor to The National Interest.The views expressed in this article are the writer's own.Link to ImageGraphic FlagsNG HAN GUAN/AFP via Getty ImagesA Chinese woman adjusts a Chinese flag near U.S. flags before the start of a meeting between China and the U.S. in Beijing on July 10, 2014.Load-Date: March 19, 2021End of Document

China Restricts Tesla Use Over National Security, Data Collection Concerns: ReportThe Daily CallerMarch 19, 2021 Friday 02:57 PM ESTCopyright 2021 The Daily Caller, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: DAILY-CALLER-NEWS-FOUNDATION; worldLength: 407 wordsByline: Thomas Catenacci, Reporter, tcatenacci@dailycallernewsfoundation.orgBodyLink to ImageThe Chinese government is banning its military, certain government agencies and some state-owned businesses from using Tesla vehicles citing national security concerns, The Wall Street Journal reported.Beijing made the decision due to concerns Tesla vehicles could be used to track, obtain information from and spy on Chinese officials with built-in microphones and cameras, unnamed people familiar told The Wall Street Journal. China's security review of Tesla products determined that data obtained, including contact lists synced to vehicles, could be sent back to the U.S.Chinese government employees have reportedly been told to no longer drive Tesla vehicles to work, and in many cases, to stop driving them into housing compounds over fears that car cameras are recording them and sensors are tracking them, the WSJ reported. (RELATED: Biden Hits Chinese Tech Firms With Subpoenas Before US-China Summit)“Tesla's privacy protection policy complies with Chinese laws and regulations,” Tesla told the WSJ in a statement. “Tesla attaches great importance to the protection of users' privacy.”Link to ImageA worker walks on a road next to the new Tesla factory built in Shanghai, China on Nov. 8, 2019. (Hector Retamal/AFP via Getty Images)The electric-vehicle maker added that car cameras aren't always turned on in all of its vehicles in China.President Joe Biden's administration announced Wednesday that it would subpoena multiple Chinese tech firms as part of an investigation into the threat they may pose to U.S. national security. The subpoenas were in accordance with a May 2019 executive order signed by former President Donald Trump, declaring a national emergency over threats posed by Chinese tech and telecommunications companies.Top U.S. and Chinese diplomats, meanwhile, are meeting in Alaska this week to discuss a range of issues including technology bans and trade, according to CNN.“I said that the United States relationship with China will be competitive where it should be, collaborative where it can be, adversarial where it must be,” Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Thursday. “Our discussions here in Alaska, I suspect, will run the gamut.”Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.Graphic An employee assists customers in a Tesla store on Jan. 23 in China. (Getty Images)Load-Date: March 19, 2021End of Document

Clubhouse leads Chinese company to $6 billion riseCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 11, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 365 wordsBody       The Clubhouse audio application has become a widely used platform around the world, gaining popularity thanks to the presence of the likes of Elon Musk, the tesla leader, or musician Drake, among its discussion forums.But the big winner of this small boom of the new social network is Agora, a Chinese startup, which until now was known only as a discreet software company, but which has been being advertised on this new social network.    The Shanghai-listed company has soared about 150 percent since mid-January, now worth about $10 billion. It is not yet known, for sure, whether in addition to the advertising that has been made, Agora will be working with Clubhouse to provide an audio software. Still, Agora is likely to be associated with building clubhouse, since its code is entered the name of the Chinese company, which means that the social network is using at least one of Agora's services, according to Bloomberg.The first major "ambassador" of this new social network was Elon Musk, who used it to be talking to several users about his companies, especially Space X, his space company, giving his opinion on the arrival to Mars and on space travel.More recently, he was in conversation with Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev about the GameStop case after the broker blocked investments by retail investors for several days due to possible defaults on liquidity regulation.Social network banned from ChinaThousands of Chinese stopped being able to use the Clubhouse social network earlier this week as they prepare to begin china's lunar new year.Beijing has blocked the application in its country, and should remain so, as several citizens have used the application over the weekend to discuss policy. Many users of this social network have taken advantage of the freedom in this audio application to criticize many positions of the Chinese Government, as well as to appeal to democracy in Hong Kong.One of the most marked positions during the life of this social network in China was the protest against china's alleged genocide on several minorities in Xinjiang, such as the People of the Uighurs, after the United States made serious accusations against Beijing's actions.Load-Date: February 12, 2021End of Document

Defending Uighurs or selling in China, the dilemma of the Western textile industryCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 30, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 687 wordsBodyConminated by China to renege from the Uighur cause, large clothing brands are facing a complicated dilemma: how to satisfy the most demanding Western consumers about ethics without closing the doors to China's second economic power?"This pulse is Kafkaesque. It is the first time that reactions in China are simultaneous, among the Communist Youth League (affiliated with the ruling party that promotes the boycott campaign), online sales platforms, consumers and influencers," says AFP founder Eric Briones, co-founder of the Paris School of Luxury.The cause of the conflict is cotton: 20% of world production comes from China, mainly from Uighur-majority Xinjiang Province, a Muslim minority repressed and exploited by Beijing, according to human rights defenders, which the Chinese government denies.Last week, following sanctions from the United Kingdom, the European Union, the United States and Canada against China for its treatment of Uighurs, the Chinese social network Weibo recalled the commitments made in 2020 by several textile giants, such as H&M;, Nike or Uniqlo, not to buy cotton from Xinjiang.It was the starting point for a boycott call campaign against Nike, H&M;, Adidas and Zara, among others.Some products in these chains have been removed from major Chinese online sales platforms. At the same time, actors or singers announced that they will no longer be image ambassadors for these Western groups."If you are a committed brand and decide to take a step back, you lose all credibility. And if you hold your position, you deprive yourself of the Chinese market which is the lung of the world economy," says Eric Briones."But if these brands need China, does China need them?" asks this expert, who cites the example of Nike whose quarterly sales grew by 51% in the Asian giant and only 3% globally.Crucial to luxury, the Chinese market is also crucial for low-priced fashion, so-called fast fashion, and sportswear.Nike and Adidas sportswear is sold in thousands of stores in the country. Last year, the U.S. group held 18% of its annual turnover in "Greater China" (Hong Kong and Macau included).- "Intimidation" -China is the fourth market for Swedish giant H&M;, where it has opened more than 500 stores and recorded nearly 280 million euros of sales in the last quarter of 2020. Its competitor, Spain's Inditex, Zara's parent company, has 337 stores in the country."China has surprised everyone with this pulse: this shows that international political pressure is beginning to pay off. It is clear that it is an intimidation to see how far the brands are able to go," says Nayla Ajaltouni, coordinator of the Ethical collective on etiquette.Ajaltouni is the representative in France of the international coalition End Forced Labour in the Uyghur Region, which brings together 180 NGOs and trade unions and calls in a statement to brands that "do not change their principles on human rights by retaining a commercial advantage".According to this coalition, following calls to the Chinese boycott, some brands have "reversed" their commitments on forced labour, withdrawing press releases or modifying their positions, such as Inditex which has specifically mentioned Xinjiang in its "zero tolerance" principles on its website, the coalition assures the AFP.Although H&M; has stated that it does not support "any political position", most brands are silent, waiting for it to camp. One of the few that has taken sides has been the Italian clothing chain OVS (1,750 stores). On Friday he announced that he will stop buying cotton from Xinjiang and urged other brands to "not give in to pressure and choose their field: human rights or commercial interests.""You have to stay calm, as this boycott is for the digital moment and the physical stores are open," says expert Eric Briones.Briones recalls that "at the moment, this does not affect luxury and only fast fashion and sportswear, sectors where Chinese brands are becoming more and more thriving. Some, such as Anta or Li Ning, have increased on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange," reaching its highest price over the weekend for a month.kd/aue/af/zmLoad-Date: March 31, 2021End of Document

The Oscars will not air in Hong Kong for Chinese censorshipCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 31, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 328 wordsBodyThe next Oscar gala will not air in Hong Kong for the first time in more than 50 years, even though the territory competes in the category of Best International Film for the film Better Days and that another candidate short film reviews the 2019 anti-government protests.In a statement collected by the Hollywood-language press, the TVB channel confirmed that it will not broadcast the ceremony as it has been doing since 1969, a decision that claims it is "purely commercial" but coincides with the censorship promoted by the Chinese government against the short documentary.Earlier this month, China asked local media to make minimal coverage of the upcoming Oscars "in order to avoid embarrassment and for the sake of political correctness,"the Hong Kong newspaper Apple Daily reported, EFE says.However, the TVB channel, the most important television network in the semi-autonomous region, tends to enjoy more autonomy from the coverage decisions of the rest of China as it is a private company of which the Government has only been a partial shareholder since 2015.Do Not Split, 36, opts for the best short documentary award, which will be missed on April 25. The documentary, directed and produced by Anders Hammer, shows above all the protesters' version of what happened during the protests, which sought an improvement in democratic mechanisms in the semi-autonomous city, but which usually ended with violent clashes with the police.In addition, in the Best Picture category is selected Nomadland,by Chinese-American director Chloé Zhao (also nominated for Best Director), a woman who was first a source of pride in China as the first Asian to be awarded the Award for Best Director in the Past Golden Globes.Soon after, however, euphoria turned to rage among some Chinese internet users when it became known that Zhao had said in a 2013 interview that China is "a place where there are lies everywhere,"which left the film's release on Asian power on the air.Load-Date: April 1, 2021End of Document

On the Heels of President Biden's Inauguration, International Leaders Provide Roadmap for the Way Forward In China-US RelationsPR NewswireJanuary 26, 2021 Tuesday 11:06 AM ESTCopyright 2021 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1379 wordsDateline: HONG KONG, Jan. 26, 2021 BodyPR Newswire At a pivotal point in China-US relations, in the midst of COVID-19, and days following the inauguration of President Joe Biden, the United States and China are facing profound changes in their relationship and must work to bring stability back to the world community of which these nations are two of its most important members, agreed panelists in a session today during the "US-China Relations: The Way Forward" forum hosted by the China-U.S. Exchange Foundation (CUSEF) and the China Center for International Economic Exchanges (CCIEE).Over 40 past and current major stakeholders and influencers in the China-U.S. relationship including, former Prime Minister of Japan Yasuo Fukuda, CCIEE Chairman and former PRC Vice Premier Zeng Peiyan, former Prime Minister of Italy and former President of the European Commission Romano Prodi, former U.S. Secretary of Commerce Carlos Gutierrez, CPPCC Vice Chairman Tung Chee-hwa, current government officials, senior business leaders and renowned scholars from the United States, China, and other Asia Pacific countries came together virtually in an effort to address the current challenges facing bilateral relations. The discussion focused on how China and the U.S. should move forward in light of the incoming U.S. administration and use the opportunity to identify areas of cooperation between the two countries to tackle global challenges including climate change, the environment, food security, cyber security and COVID-19.In an opening greeting to the forum, Carrie Lam,Chief Executive of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, stressed that, "with the incoming 46th President of the U.S. we hope that bilateral relations between the world's two leading economies will start to improve, providing the impetus of global recovery." Ms. Lam added that both President Xi Jinping and President Joe Biden echoed their commitment to international cooperation on important issues going forward, specifically in global efforts to eradicate the pandemic. Adding to the optimism and hope for progress in both trade and policy negotiations between the U.S. and China, CCIEE ChairmanZeng Peiyansaid that in order to seek win-win cooperation, China and the U.S. must first rebuild mutual trust by restarting and improving multi-level engagement mechanisms and ultimately, using that dialogue as the fundamental conduit to address issues and challenges in order to play a leading role in managing relations. He also stressed that the two countries must "reshape and restart economic and trade relations, which have always been the ballast and stabilizer of the overall relationship."In addition to this, global governance will be essential during an era of heightened risk. Speakers stressed their optimism of a new American president, but also spoke candidly of the challenges that will remain on both sides due to the innate political frames of both countries. "I don't think there will be a major change between China and U.S. relations despite the new administration. However, there will be more dialogue," saidRomano Prodi, former Prime Minister of Italy and former President of the European Commission. "The tensions within the U.S. and competition with China are prevalent amongst both the Republicans and Democrats. Thus, there will be a necessity for deeper dialogue and exchange of views."Former Prime Minister of JapanYasuo Fukuda stressed that less division and instability is something all nations are seeking given the risks and problems that need to be resolved immediately, which cannot be solved without the United States and its global leadership, especially in international trade and finance. However, he notes that "the U.S. must first contain the biggest issue – COVID-19, before it can help the rest of the world."Emphasizing the detrimental effects of a complete China-U.S. decoupling, former U.S. Secretary of CommerceCarlos Gutierrezfirmly believes that this bilateral relationship should not be one based solely on transactions, but rather one that encourages a more strategic partnership, which increases areas of collaboration while eradicating areas of friction. "When you call someone an enemy, they become your enemy. We [U.S.] are not an enemy of China, and I don't think China is an enemy of us. Words matter." Former U.S. Trade RepresentativeCarla Hillsechoed this same sentiment by predicting that there will be significant changes in how the U.S. handles its international relationships. In her eyes, "the tone in which we deal with all international governments, including China, will be more diplomatic."In the closing remarks of today's session,Tung Chee-hwa, the founder and Chairman of CUSEF, referenced both President Xi Jinping and President Biden in sharing their mutual goals to address global challenges including fighting climate change and COVID-19. He underscored that the world needs assurance that all nations will abide by the same rules-based system and that China will work to protect the rules-based system and maintain global harmony. Addressing areas of cooperation, Mr. Tung explained, "President Biden has said that his four priorities are the pandemic, the economy, climate change, and racial injustice. There is no question that the two countries can work together in at least the first three priorities." In his opinion, "It is time to turn the page of the negatives of the past few years and start to work with one another again."The second day of the forum will host panels on the future of trade and the economy in connection to US-China relations. Keynote speakers will include:Michael Spence, Nobel Laureate in Economics and Philip H. Knight Professor Emeritus of Management in the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University;Zhang Xiaoqiang, Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at CCIEE;Stephen Roach,Senior Fellow at the Jackson Institute of Global Affairs and  Senior Lecturer at Yale;Bi Jingquan, Executive Vice Chairman of CCIEE and Vice Chairman of the Committee on Economic Affairs or the 13th CPPCC National Committee; plus a host of well-known panel speakers from both the U.S. and China. The third day will cover technology and global challenges, and people-to-people exchange, with keynote speakers includingSteven Chu, Nobel Laureate in Physics and Former U.S. Secretary of Energy;Xie Zhenhua, Special Adviser on Climate Change Affairs of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of China;Stephen Orlins, President of the NCUSCR; andWang Chao, President of the Chinese People's Institute of Foreign Affairs; also followed by panels of other distinguished speakers.Note to Editors:About the China - United States Exchange Foundation The China-United States Exchange Foundation (CUSEF)  is an independent, non-profit and non-governmental foundation committed to the belief that a positive and peaceful relationship between the strongest developed nation and the most populous, fast-developing nation is essential for global wellbeing. Founded in Hong Kong in 2008 and privately funded, CUSEF builds platforms to encourage constructive dialogue and diverse exchanges between the people of the U.S. and China. For more information please visithttps://www.cusef.org.hk/.About the China Center for International Economic ExchangesFounded on March 20th, 2009, China Center for International Economic Exchanges (CCIEE), is a social organization and a new type of think tank, registered with and approved by the relevant authorities of the Chinese government. Guided by the philosophy of "Originality, Objectivity, Rationality and Compatibility", CCIEE aims to serve national development, improve people's welfare and promote exchanges and cooperation by conducting research on strategic and economic issues both at home and abroad, developing international exchanges and cooperation and providing consulting services and intellectual support to the government and business in decision making. For more information, visithttp://www.cciee.org.cn.Media contact:CUSEFcontactus@cusef.org.hk  View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/on-the-heels-of-president-bidens-inauguration-international-leaders-provide-roadmap-for-the-way-forward-in-china-us-relations-301215339.htmlSOURCE China-United States Exchange FoundationLoad-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

China Boycotts Nike Over Statement on Xinjiang Cotton ConcernsNewsweek.comMarch 25, 2021 Thursday 6:33 AM ESTCopyright © 2021 Newsweek Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 715 wordsByline: John FengHighlight: Chinese celebrities have cut ties with Nike and H&M, while state media outlets are leading calls for other U.S. and European brands to be boycotted over their statements on Xinjiang cotton.BodyThe Chinese government's media outlets have launched a coordinated effort to boycott Nike, H&M and other fashion labels for their statements about alleged forced labor in the Xinjiang cotton industry.The sportswear giant found itself at the center of a social media backlash on Wednesday evening when China's Communist Youth League drew attention to undated statements by Nike and Hennes & Mauritz issued roughly one year ago."We are concerned about reports of forced labor in, and connected to, the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region," a notice by Nike read. "Nike does not source products from the XUAR and we have confirmed with our contract suppliers that they are not using textiles or spun yarn from the region."H&M Group, which stopped using one Chinese manufacturer last year after it was accused of exploiting Uyghurs through forced labor, had put out a similar statement promising to "terminate the business relationship" with any supplier found to be in violation of human rights.State-owned media outlets, including broadcaster CCTV and Communist Party newspapers People's Daily and Global Times, led a coordinated response criticizing Nike and H&M. The Swedish company had 505 stores in the country as of November 2020, according to its year-end report.Amid accusations that Western brands were thriving off the Chinese market while putting out false statements regarding conditions in Xinjiang, actor and singer Wang Yibo, 23, terminated his role as Nike's brand ambassador in China.Wang's statement came via his agency, Yuehua Entertainment, on Thursday, which said the actor opposed "any remark or act that smears China."While there was no direct mention of Xinjiang, Wang later posted the words, "I support Xinjiang cotton"—a hashtag now read more than 2.1 billion times on Weibo, China's Twitter equivalent, where Wang has 38 million followers.Another Chinese actor, Tan Songyun, 30, ended her partnership with Nike and several celebrities have cut ties with H&M.Nike is yet to respond through its representatives in China despite its social media page being flooded with angry comments. A statement put out on Wednesday by H&M's Weibo account sought to defend last year's comment.H&M China said it "respects Chinese consumers" and was working with more than 350 manufacturers in the country. The statement last year was a guarantee that the company would develop sustainable supply chains and "did not represent any political view," the company said.The campaign to boycott the Swedish fashion label was already in full swing, however, with CCTV calling the 2020 statement a "miscalculation."Major e-commerce sites including Taobao, JD and Pinduoduo removed H&M products from their platforms and footage emerged of an H&M sign being taken down at the Joy City shopping mall in Chengdu, Sichuan province.A number of well known retailers such as Adidas, New Balance and British fashion house Burberry may also be swept up in the social media storm for their membership of the Better Cotton Initiative, an industry group that stopped using cotton from Xinjiang because of difficulties tracing its origins.Other brands operating in the Chinese market have taken a different approach.Japanese clothing and household goods retailer Muji made headlines on Thursday after it told Global Times that it would continue to source from Xinjiang, which provides more than 80 percent of China's cotton.The announcement spawned a Weibo hashtag about its speedy response. The phrase "Muji survival instincts" has been viewed more than 120 million times at the time of writing.The timing of the resurfaced statements has generated further speculation about a coordinated effort—led by Beijing—to pressure Western governments via the clothing companies. China has repeatedly pushed back against accusations of human rights abuse in Xinjiang, which it has likened to disinformation.The United States issued an outright ban on Xinjiang cotton in January and on Monday it sanctioned Chinese officials it said were responsible for human rights abuses against Uyghurs and other minorities in the region.The decision, taken in concert with the U.K., Canada and the European Union, was met with immediate countermeasures from China, which sanctioned 10 European lawmakers and four entities.Link to ImageGraphic China Boycotts Nike Over Xinjiang Cotton ConcernsGREG BAKER/AFP via Getty ImagesA Nike store in Beijing on March 25, 2021.Load-Date: March 25, 2021End of Document

Trump widens US ban on Chinese apps as his term nears endAssociated Press State & LocalJanuary 6, 2021 Wednesday 2:06 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; POLITICAL NEWSLength: 648 wordsByline: BARBARA ORTUTAY and MICHAEL LIEDTKE, AP Technology WritersBodyPresident Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning transactions with eight Chinese apps including Alipay and WeChat Pay in an escalation of a trade war that has been unfolding through most of his term.The order, however, goes into effect in 45 days, nearly a month after Joe Biden will be inaugurated as the next president, so the fate of Trump's action is unclear.The orders follow two others Trump signed in August banning dealings with the popular video app TikTok as well as the main WeChat messaging app. The fate of those apps in the U.S. is still unclear, and with just 15 days left until Inauguration Day, it will likely fall to Biden to deal with them — or not. The same goes for Tuesday's executive order.A representative for Biden's office did not immediately return a message for comment Tuesday.Alipay is a widely used digital wallet that is part of the empire of e-commerce billionaire and Ant Group founder Jack Ma. WeChat Pay is a rival service operated by tech giant Tencent. The others named in the order are CamScanner, QQ Wallet, SHAREit, Tencent QQ, VMate and WPS Office.Trump's order cites unspecified concerns about the apps collecting Americans' personal and financial information and turning it over to China’s communist government.The order marks the Trump administration’s latest attempt to hobble China, a rising economic superpower. Over the past several years, it has lashed out at China with tariffs that have sometimes roiled the U.S. stock market, blocked mergers involving Chinese companies and stifled the business of Chinese firms like Huawei, a maker of phones and telecom equipment.China-backed hackers, meanwhile, have been blamed for data breaches of U.S. federal databases and the credit agency Equifax, and the Chinese government strictly limits what U.S. tech companies can do in China.Political analysts expect Biden to try to resume cooperation with Beijing on issues such as climate change and the coronavirus. However, economists and political analysts foresee few big changes due to widespread frustration with Beijing’s trade and human rights record and accusations of spying and technology theft.But dealing with the fallout from Trump's latest shot at China could still create more headaches for Biden on top of the ongoing efforts to fight a worsening pandemic after he takes office.Senior Trump administration officials indicated they hadn’t consulted with the president-elect’s team before issuing the latest effort to ban more China apps. They described the apps as instruments for a communist government bent on “digital totalitarianism.”When reporters asked why the administration was only taking these steps now with the Trump presidency down to its final two weeks, one official said the executive action should have probably been taken years ago, “but better late than never.” The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the executive action publicly.National Security Adviser Robert C. O’Brien framed the order as part of Trump’s ongoing effort to “prioritize the safety and security of the United States homeland and the American people.”Trump’s tariffs and orders against China have raised recurring fears among U.S. tech companies and their stockholders that China’s government will retaliate by making it more difficult to do business in the world’s most populous country. If that were to happen, among those that could be particularly hard hit is Apple, which generated $40 billion in sales in China in its last fiscal year — making it the iPhone maker’s third largest market behind the U.S. and Europe.Despite the worries of a backlash, Apple has emerged largely unscathed from Trump’s battel with China, enabling it to boost its market value above $2 trillion amid the pandemic.____Associated Press writer Kevin Freking contributed to this story from Washington D.C.Load-Date: January 5, 2021End of Document

Congressional Research Service Report: 'Huawei & U.S. Law' (Part 1 of 2)Targeted News ServiceFebruary 25, 2021 Thursday 3:47 PM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 7798 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Congressional Research Service issued the following report (No. R46693) on Feb. 23, 2021, entitled "Huawei and U.S. Law" by legislative attorneys Stephen P. Mulligan and Chris D. Linebaugh:SUMMARYHuawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (Huawei) has grown to be the world's largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer since its founding in 1987 by a former engineer in China's People's Liberation Army. The Shenzhen, China-based company has become the focus of a host of legal actions that seek to protect the United States' national security and economy. In 2012, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) released a report describing the potential counterintelligence and security threats posed by Huawei's access to U.S. telecommunications systems. Senior officials in the Trump Administration asserted that Huawei's products present an inherent security threat because the Chinese government can force Huawei to share confidential information or create "backdoors" by which the Chinese government could access Huawei systems. Huawei denies that its products create a security threat, and third-party analysts have not reached uniform conclusions about the security of Huawei systems.Given the security debate, Congress and the executive branch have initiated a variety of legal efforts to limit Huawei's access to international supply chains, telecommunications systems, and markets. These legal actions have evolved from narrow restrictions on federal spending to an effort to remove Huawei equipment from domestic and international telecommunications networks.After HPSCI's 2012 report, the United States enacted several laws that restrict federal procurement of, and grant and loan spending on, Huawei systems. In 2019 and 2020, Congress and the President expanded their efforts and imposed Huawei-related restrictions on a broad set of public- and private-sector transactions. In May 2019, the Trump Administration added Huawei and its affiliates to the Entity List, thereby limiting U.S. companies' ability to export products and services to Huawei. On the same day, President Trump issued Executive Order 13873, declaring a national emergency due to the threat of foreign adversaries exploiting vulnerabilities in U.S. information and communications technology and services (ICTS).The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has also taken steps to restrict Huawei's access to U.S. communications infrastructure. In November 2019, the FCC prohibited telecommunications carriers from using Universal Service Fund (USF) subsidies to purchase Huawei products and services. This restriction particularly affects rural telecommunications carriers, many of which depend on the Universal Service Fund and already use Huawei equipment in their networks. In addition, in March 2020, the United States passed the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019 (Secure Networks Act), which similarly prohibits companies from using FCC-administered subsidies like the USF for certain communications equipment and services from Huawei and other entities that pose a national security risk. The law also directs the FCC to set up a program to reimburse carriers for removing and replacing such equipment in their networks. Following the Secure Networks Act, the FCC issued an additional order establishing the reimbursement program contemplated by the law. The order goes beyond the Secure Networks Act by requiring carriers receiving USF support to remove and replace existing Huawei equipment in their networks, regardless of whether they choose to participate in the reimbursement program.In other legal actions over the past two years, the United States has pursued criminal charges against Huawei and its Chief Financial Officer (CFO), issued visa restrictions for Huawei employees, and banned trade in Huawei securities. Most recently, the 116th Congress passed the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (FY2021 NDAA) over President Trump's veto. The FY2021 NDAA embarks on a new endeavor of using federal programs to support private competitors to Huawei that can offer secure, alternative communications networks domestically and abroad.Some observers view the suite of legal actions involving Huawei as part of a broader effort to "decouple" the United States' economy from problematic aspects of China's economy. Others see it as a microcosm of the increasing complexity of challenges caused by China's rise on the global stage. Some stakeholders argue that these legal actions may have unintended consequences, such as denying low-cost technology to American consumers, lost profits for American companies barred from selling to Huawei, and the risk that technology companies might move operations overseas to avoid U.S. trade restrictions. Efforts to account for these considerations are ongoing and may continue in the 117th Congress and the Biden Administration.This report outlines recent Huawei-related legal activities and examines the statutory authorities underlying each action.* * *Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (Huawei)--the world's largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer/1--is at the center of a host of legal activities that seek to protect the United States' national security and economy. In 2012, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) released a report describing the counterintelligence and security threat posed by Huawei's access to U.S. telecommunications systems and supply chains./2Senior executive branch officials in the Trump Administration, including the Vice President and Secretary of State, stated that Huawei's products present an inherent security threat because the Chinese government may be able to access confidential information via secret "backdoors" by forcing Huawei to share such information or provide access to its networks./3Huawei denies that it purposefully creates "back doors" for the Chinese government,/4 and third-party analysts have not reached uniform conclusions about the security of Huawei's products./5Given the security debate, Congress and the executive branch have initiated a variety of legal efforts to limit Huawei's access to international supply chains, telecommunications systems, and markets. These legal actions have evolved from narrow restrictions on federal spending to an international effort to remove Huawei equipment from telecommunications networks domestically and abroad.After HPSCI's 2012 report, the United States enacted several laws that restrict federal procurement of, and grant and loan spending on, Huawei systems./6These efforts soon expanded beyond federal spending limitations to include restrictions on a broad set of Huawei-related public and private sector transactions./7In 2019 and 2020, Congress and the executive branch crafted laws and policies designed to eliminate Huawei's presence in U.S. telecommunications networks--even if existing Huawei equipment must be "ripped and replaced." /8The United States took other forceful legal actions during this time, pursing criminal charges against Huawei and its Chief Financial Officer (CFO),/9 issuing visa restrictions for Huawei employees,/10 banning trade in Huawei securities,/11 and engaging in international efforts to convince foreign countries to ban Huawei from their networks./12Most recently, in the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (FY2021 NDAA; Pub. L. No. 116-283), /13 passed over President's Trump's veto, the 116th Congress embarked on a new endeavor of using federal funds to support private competitors to Huawei that can offer secure and affordable communications networks domestically and internationally./14Some observers view this suite of legal actions involving Huawei as part of a broader effort to "decouple" the United States' economy from problematic aspects of China's economy./15Some contend, however, that these efforts may have unwanted side effects, such as denying low-cost technology to American consumers, loss of profitability for American companies that can no longer sell to Huawei, and the risk that technology companies may move operations overseas to avoid U.S. trade restrictions./16Efforts to account for these considerations are ongoing and may continue in the 117th Congress and in the Biden Administration./17This report outlines recent Huawei-related legal activities by the U.S. government and examines the statutory authorities underlying each action./18Background on HuaweiRen Zhengfei, a former member of the engineer corps of China's People's Liberation Army (PLA), founded Huawei in Shenzhen, China in 1987./19The company started as an importer of telecommunications switches--a basic networking technology--but began to develop its own products in the early 1990s./20Early on, Huawei promoted its products to rural communities in China./21By the late 1990s, it had won large contracts to provide communications infrastructure for the PLA and major Chinese cities like Beijing./22Since then, Huawei has expanded its operations internationally and grown to be the world's largest manufacturer of telecommunications equipment./23Some observers attribute Huawei's success to financial and other state support from the Chinese government, /24 but the extent to which Huawei's growth stems from government support is the subject of debate./25Early Legal Actions and Congressional InterestHuawei first attracted congressional attention in the early 2000s, when observers accused it of violating U.N. sanctions by providing fiber optic technology to the Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq./26The company again became the subject of congressional scrutiny in 2007 as part of a review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS)./27CFIUS is an interagency committee that advises the President on whether to block or suspend mergers, acquisitions, and takeovers of U.S. companies because of national security risks./28In 2007, Huawei partnered with American private investment firm Bain Capital LP in an effort to acquire an ownership interest in 3Com Corporation (3Com)--an American digital electronics firm./29The deal raised national security concerns because 3Com provided cybersecurity systems to the U.S. military./30Some executive branch officials and Members of Congress argued that the acquisition would compromise cybersecurity protections at the Department of Defense (DOD)./31Several Members of the 110th Congress urged CFIUS to analyze the transaction and identify national security concerns,/32 which CFIUS ultimately did./33Bain Capital abandoned the deal after CFIUS stated that it intended to recommend that the President stop the acquisition./34By 2010, Huawei faced greater U.S. government scrutiny as it tried to expand operations in the United States. At the urging of executive branch officials and some Members of Congress, Sprint Nextel Corp. (Sprint) excluded Huawei and ZTE Corporation (ZTE)--China's second largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer--from a multi-billion contract to supply telecommunications equipment in the United States./35Later that year, a group of Senators wrote to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman expressing concerns about using Huawei or ZTE technology in U.S. telecommunications systems./36In 2011, Huawei divested itself of assets purchased from an American company that specialized in server technology, 3Leaf Systems, after CFIUS raised national security concerns./37Later that year, Huawei published an "open letter" to the U.S. government denying the security concerns and inviting a formal investigation to relieve the U.S. government's apprehensions./38HPSCI responded to the invitation by investigating potential counterintelligence and security threats posed by Huawei and ZTE./39In its 2012 report, HPSCI recommended, among other things, that the United States view Chinese telecommunications companies' efforts to penetrate U.S. markets "with suspicion."/40HPSCI also recommended that Congress consider legislation to "better address the risk posed by telecommunications companies with nation-state ties or otherwise not clearly trusted to build infrastructure."/41Federal Spending RestrictionsBeginning in 2013, the year after HPSCI's report, Congress began to enact legislation limiting Huawei and other Chinese telecommunication companies' access to U.S. markets and supply chains./42These legislative efforts began with limitations on specific agencies' ability to procure Huawei products and services, but later expanded into broader spending restrictions that apply to all executive branch agencies.Appropriations RestrictionsBeginning with the Consolidated and Further Appropriations Act, 2013 (2013 Appropriations Act), the federal government has enacted a series of appropriations laws that prohibit some executive branch agencies from using appropriated funds to acquire information technology systems from entities connected with the Chinese government./43The provision, which Congress has placed in an amended format in later appropriations laws,/44 applies to the Department of Commerce (Commerce), Department of Justice (DOJ), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), and the National Science Foundation./45It restricts these agencies from using appropriated funds to acquire an information technology system made or assembled by an entity owned, directed, or subsidized by the Chinese government./46Although the provision does not name Huawei, some observers and Members of Congress described it as designed to address risks posed by Huawei and ZTE./472018 NDAAIn the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (2018 NDAA; Pub. L. No. 11591), the United States placed Huawei-related restrictions into federal law beyond the appropriations context./48The 2018 NDAA prohibits DOD from procuring certain telecommunications equipment or services from Huawei and others as part of DOD's missions related to nuclear deterrence and homeland defense./49Unlike earlier appropriations provisions, the 2018 NDAA names Huawei in the legislation./50The 2018 NDAA prohibits DOD from procuring, obtaining, extending, or renewing contracts that include telecommunications equipment or services provided by Huawei, ZTE, or any entity that the Secretary of Defense reasonably believes is owned, controlled by, or "otherwise connected to" the Chinese or Russian governments./51To fall within the 2018 NDAA, the telecommunications equipment or services must be a substantial or essential component52 or critical technology/53 of the system provided to DOD for its nuclear deterrence or homeland defense missions./542019 NDAAWhile the appropriations restrictions and 2018 NDAA were limited to specific federal agencies, section 889 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (2019 NDAA; Pub. L. No. 115-232) provides a broader set of Huawei-related restrictions that apply across the executive branch./55Section 889(a)(1)(A) bars all executive branch agencies from procurement or contracting that includes telecommunications equipment or services from Huawei, ZTE, and certain other Chinese corporations/56 as a substantial or essential component or critical technology./57Section 889(a)(1)(B) of the 2019 NDAA bars executive agencies from transacting with a company that uses Huawei or other covered entities' telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component or critical technology./58Whereas the first prohibition (Part A) restricts executive agencies from procuring systems that contain Huawei equipment or services, the second provision (Part B) prohibits executive agencies from contracting with companies that use Huawei equipment or services in the companies' own systems--even if those systems are not sold to the government./59Section 889 also prohibits the use of federal grant or loan funds to obtain anything prohibited in Parts A and B, unless an exception applies./60If a company that would be barred from transacting with an executive branch agency requests a waiver of section 889, the head of the executive agency can issue a one-time waiver for up to two years, provided the request meets certain conditions./61The Director of National Intelligence (DNI) possesses broader waiver authority when the DNI determines that a waiver is in the U.S. national security interest./62Huawei's Legal Challenge to Section 889 of the 2019 NDAASection 889 of the 2019 NDAA names Huawei as an entity that is barred from covered transactions./63Huawei has argued, however, that the Constitution's Bill of Attainder Clause/64 prohibits Congress from singling out and excluding a specific company in this fashion./65The Bill of Attainder Clause forbids the United States from inflicting a "punishment" on a person or entity by legislative act without a judicial trial./66Huawei filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging, among other things, that the 2019 NDAA violates this prohibition./67Relying on the Supreme Court's interpretation of the Bill of Attainder Clause/68 and recent federal appellate court decisions rejecting claims based on it,/69 the district court rejected Huawei's constitutional challenge and dismissed the suit in February 2020./70Export RestrictionsWhile annual appropriations provisions and the 2018 and 2019 NDAAs marked the opening salvo in what has become a broader legal confrontation between Huawei and the U.S. government, those restrictions generally were limited to transactions involving federal spending in the form of procurement and grant and loan funds./71Entities that did not participate in federal procurement or receive grant and loan funds could continue to transact business with Huawei without violating the restrictions./72In May 2019, the Trump Administration expanded the scope of Huawei-related prohibitions outside the federal spending context by exercising its authority under the Export Controls Act of 2018 (ECA)./73The ECA provides the President with powers to control the export of, among other things, certain U.S. dual-use goods and technology./74A dual-use item can serve both civilian purposes and military, terrorism, weapons of mass destruction, or law enforcement purposes./75The ECA requires the Secretary of Commerce to establish and maintain a list, known as the Entity List, of foreign entities that are subject to export license requirements because they are threats to U.S. national security and foreign policy./76The ECA authorizes the executive branch to control exports, re-exports,/77 and "in-country transfers" (i.e., transfers within a foreign country/78) to companies on the Entity List./79The Bureau of Industry and Science (BIS) in the Department of Commerce maintains the Entity List./80Addition of Huawei to the Entity ListIn several final rules, issued over the course of 2019 and 2020, BIS added Huawei and more than 150 non-U.S. affiliates of Huawei to the Entity List./81An interagency committee/82 determined that there is reasonable cause to believe that Huawei has been involved in activities that are contrary to the national security or foreign policy interests of the United States./83The interagency committee cited Huawei and its affiliates' alleged violation of U.S. sanctions on Iran (which are also the subject of a criminal prosecution, discussed below/84) as an illustration of the risks Huawei poses to U.S. national security and foreign policy./85Because Huawei and other Chinese telecommunications companies depend on certain U.S. products, such as microchips, for their equipment, the prohibition of exports from the United States can potentially damage their business./86For example, in 2018, U.S. export restrictions on ZTE reportedly forced ZTE to suspend business operations temporarily when it could not access the U.S. semiconductors needed for its supply chain./87At the same time, there may be compelling reasons to avoid causing serious commercial harm to Huawei and other Chinese telecommunications firms. For example, some rural areas of the United States depend on Huawei for their telecommunications infrastructure, and an export ban can hinder telecommunications in rural America./88Denial of exports may also affect the revenue and profitability of U.S. businesses that cannot sell their products to companies on the Entity List./89Moreover, not all exports to Huawei present the same level of national security concerns, according to Commerce./90 Andaddition of Huawei and its affiliates to the Entity List could prevent American companies from participating in international organizations that develop standards for 5G systems and other technology./91To account for these competing considerations, BIS has sought to calibrate its export restrictions--contained in the Export Administration Regulations (EAR)/92--by authorizing certain limited types of exports to Huawei. Shortly after adding Huawei to the Entity List, BIS temporarily authorized exports to Huawei and its affiliates, provided the exports were: (1) necessary to maintain and support existing telecommunications networks and equipment; (2) necessary to provide service and support to existing Huawei handsets; (3) made to provide information related to cybersecurity vulnerabilities in Huawei networks or products or research related to cybersecurity; and (4) part of engagement with Huawei and its affiliates necessary for developing 5G standards at a recognized international standards body./93This temporary authorization--which BIS called a temporary general license--expired on August 13, 2020./94But BIS amended its regulations to exclude permanently variations of the third/95 and fourth/96 categories from export restrictions. Some commentators and stakeholders called for BIS to extend or adopt permanently all facets of the temporary general license, but BIS determined that the United States national security and foreign policy interests did not support maintaining the first and second categories of transactions./97BIS also issues other licenses, known as specific licenses, that authorize individual U.S. companies to export to Huawei and its affiliates under defined conditions.98 While the temporary general license automatically applied to all exporters that met its requirements, BIS only grants specific licenses to companies that apply for them./99For example, Microsoft Corp. (Microsoft) reportedly applied for and received a specific license to export certain "mass-market" software to Huawei and its affiliates./100Media outlets report that Commerce officials have told members of the semiconductor industry that it will grant licenses if companies can demonstrate their technology does not support 5G systems./101Foreign Direct Product Rule and De Minimis RulesWhile U.S. export restrictions in the EAR apply to all U.S. origin items, wherever located,/102 they can also apply to certain foreign-made items. Under the foreign direct product rule, the EAR applies to certain foreign-made goods that are created as a "direct product" of U.S.-origin items./103And under the de minimis rules, the EAR applies to items that contain more than certain specified percentages of U.S. content./104After Huawei was added to the Entity List in 2019, reports emerged that many U.S.-owned companies were able to use foreign subsidiaries and affiliates to continue exporting to Huawei under these rules./105In particular, Commerce found that Huawei "continued to use U.S. software and technology to design semiconductors, undermining the national security and foreign policy purposes of the Entity List by commissioning their production in overseas foundries using U.S. equipment."/106To counteract this trend, BIS amended the foreign direct product rule twice in 2020 so that it has broader application to Huawei and its affiliates on the Entity List./107The amended rule makes technical changes to the EAR designed to prevent Huawei from acquiring microchips made outside the United States that are developed or produced with tools sourced from the United States./108Although the rule changes are technical, some commentators view them as likely to cause a major disruption to Huawei's manufacturing capability.109 Other observers assert that the rule change will adversely affect the U.S. semiconductor industry and other American technology companies that sell products used in Huawei's supply chains./110Commerce and Department of State officials contend the change is necessary to prevent Huawei and its affiliates from circumventing U.S. export restrictions./111Media outlets reported in 2020 that the Trump Administration also was considering modifying the de minimis rules in an attempt to limit transactions further with Huawei involving U.S.-sourced items./112The de minimis rules permits companies that make and export products to Huawei from outside the United States to incorporate U.S. components, technology, and software if the U.S. content does not exceed 25% of the product's value./113News outlets reported that the Trump Administration considered reducing the de minimis threshold to 10% for Huawei transactions,/114 and the 116th Congress introduced at least one bill that would require Commerce to reduce the threshold,/115 but thus far no change has been made.Conditions on Huawei's Removal from the Entity ListNormally, an interagency committee/116 in the executive branch chaired by Commerce is responsible for "all decisions to make additions to, removals from or changes to the Entity List."/117In Huawei's case, however, Congress placed conditions on Commerce's ability to remove Huawei from the list./118The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020(2020 NDAA; Pub. L. No. 116-92) provides that the Secretary of Commerce may not remove Huawei from the Entity List unless the Secretary certifies119 that four conditions exist:1. Huawei has resolved the charges that were the basis for its addition to the Entity List;2. Huawei has resolved any other charges that it violated U.S. sanctions;3. "[R]egulations have been implemented that sufficiently restrict exporting to, and importing from, the United States items that would pose a national security threat" to U.S. telecommunications systems;4. Commerce has mitigated, to the maximum extent possible, other threats to U.S. national security posed by Huawei./120The 2020 NDAA also requires Commerce to provide an annual report describing licenses issued for exports to Huawei./121Executive Orders Under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA)Although U.S. export restrictions have significant legal and economic consequences, they do not affect all transactions involving Huawei and U.S. companies. In particular, the addition of Huawei to the Entity List does not, on its own accord, prevent importing Huawei products into the United States./122Under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA), the President possesses much broader authority to influence Huawei imports and other Huawei-related transactions and property interests./123IEEPA grants the President power to regulate diverse economic transactions when the President declares that a national emergency exists./124Upon an emergency declaration, the President may (subject to certain exceptions/125) investigate, regulate, or prohibit foreign exchange transactions, transfers of credit involving foreign nationals or foreign countries, and imports or exports of currency and securities involving any persons or property subject to U.S. jurisdiction./126IEEPA also allows the President to block or "freeze"/127 foreign-owned property and assets.128Executive Order 13873: Information and Communications Technology and ServicesOn May 15, 2019 (the same day Commerce announced the addition of Huawei to the Entity List), President Trump issued Executive Order 13873./129In that executive order, President Trump declared that a national emergency exists because of the threat of foreign adversaries creating and exploiting vulnerabilities in information and communications technology and services (ICTS)./130In response to this threat, Executive Order 13873 prohibits various transactions/131 involving foreign-owned/132 ICTS when Commerce, in consultation with other executive branch agencies,/133 makes two determinations./134First, Commerce must determine that the transaction involves ICTS designed, developed, manufactured, or supplied by persons or entities owned by, controlled by, or subject to the jurisdiction or direction of a foreign adversary./135The executive order defines foreign adversary as those "engaged in a long-term pattern or serious instances of conduct significantly adverse" to U.S. security or the safety of U.S. persons./136In its regulations implementing the order, discussed below,/137 Commerce identified China (including Hong Kong), Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and the Nicolas Maduro regime/138 in Venezuela as foreign adversaries./139Second, to fall within the scope of Executive Order 13873, Commerce must determine that the transaction presents:1. An undue risk of sabotage or subversion to ICTS in the United States; 2. An undue risk of catastrophic effects on the security or resiliency of critical infrastructure or the digital economy in the United States; or3. Unacceptable risk to U.S. national security or the security and safety of U.S. persons./140Executive Order 13873 authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to develop rules and regulations to implement the order and to employ all powers granted to the President by IEEPA./141Some observers interpreted the order as designed to, among other things, address the risks posed by Huawei and other Chinese communications equipment manufacturers./142ICTS Review ProcessIn January 2021, Commerce issued an interim final rule (ICTS Rule) which implements Executive Order 13873 in a way that differs from many prior IEEPA-based national emergencies./143Many executive orders that invoke IEEPA lead to the compilation of a list of individuals144 or entities145 with whom transactions are restricted./146Other IEEPA-based executive orders prohibit transactions involving specific items./147In the ICTS Rule, however, Commerce has established a new review process through which the Secretary of Commerce will evaluate individual transactions on a "case-by-case basis, based upon the particular facts and circumstances" to determine whether they raise the risks described in Executive Order 13873./148Because the rule regulates individual ICTS transactions--broadly defined as "any acquisition, importation, transfer, installation, dealing in, or use of any [ICTS]" /149--it could subject a wide range of commercial interactions to a new review process./150The ICTS Rule provides three ways to initiate review of a transaction: (1) Commerce can unilaterally begin review at the Secretary of Commerce's discretion; (2) other federal agencies can request that Commerce review a transaction; or (3) Commerce can begin review upon receipt of public or other types of information./151Commerce also plans to create a licensing process through which companies can seek pre-approval for a proposed or pending ICTS transaction./152If, after an initial review, Commerce concludes that an ICTS transaction may pose an undue or unacceptable risk, Commerce must engage in an interagency consultation./153After the consultation, Commerce will make an initial determination on whether to permit a transaction, prohibit it, or propose measures to mitigate risks./154Unless it permits the transaction in full, Commerce must provide a written determination to the parties./155Next, the parties have 30 days to respond to the initial determination and propose their own remedial measures./156If the parties respond,/157 Commerce must engage in a second interagency consultation./158 After that consultation, Commerce may issue a final, written determination on whether the transaction is prohibited, not prohibited, or permitted subject to an agreement on risk-mitigation measures./159 The total process must be completed within 180 days, unless Commerce determines in writing that additional time is necessary./160 Violation of Commerce's final determination can result in civil and criminal penalties./161To be subject to the ICTS review process, a transaction must meet several criteria. An individual or entity owned, controlled by, or subject to the jurisdiction of a foreign adversary must conduct the transaction./162The transaction must have a nexus to the United States by involving property subject to U.S. jurisdiction or being conducted by an individual or entity subject to U.S. jurisdiction./163The transaction also must involve property in which a foreign country or foreign national has an interest, and the process only applies to transactions initiated, pending, or completed after January 19, 2021./164Finally, the transaction must involve one of the following types of technology:1. ICTS that will be used by a party to a transaction in a critical infrastructure sector, as designated in Presidential Policy Directive 21 (PPD 21);/1652. Software, hardware, or any other product or service integral to wireless local area networks, mobile networks, satellite payloads, satellite operations and control, cable access points, wireline access points, core networking systems, or long- and short-haul systems;3. Software, hardware, or products or services integral to data hosting or computing services that process or are expected to process sensitive personal data on more than one million U.S. persons;4. Certain ICTS products--including webcams, routers, modems, and drones--when more than one million units have been sold to U.S. persons;5. Software designed primarily for connecting with and communicating on the Internet that is in use by more than one million U.S. persons; or6. ICTS that is integral to artificial intelligence and machine learning, quantum key distribution, quantum computing, drones, autonomous systems, or advanced robotics./166The ICTS Rule excludes from review a U.S. person's acquisition of ICTS items as part of a U.S. government-industrial security program because those acquisitions are subject to other forms of To be subject to the ICTS review process, a transaction must meet several criteria. An individual or entity owned, controlled by, or subject to the jurisdiction of a foreign adversary must conduct U.S. government oversight. /167 It also excludes any transaction that CFIUS, discussed above, /168 is actively reviewing or has reviewed./169Executive Order 13959: Securities BanIn November 2020, President Trump issued his second Huawei-related executive order using IEEPA authority, Executive Order 13959, Addressing the Threat from Securities Investments that Finance Chinese Military Companies./170The executive order prohibits U.S. persons from engaging in any transaction in publicly traded securities of any Communist Chinese Military Company (CCMC), effective January 11, 2021./171It also prohibits any transaction in securities that are derivative of, or designed to provide investment exposure to such publicly traded securities./172Companies that purchased such securities before the order's effective date must divest them by November 11, 2021./173The definition of CCMC is derived from the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999, as amended (1999 NDAA; Pub. L. No. 105-261), which defines CCMC as an entity that is (i) owned or controlled by, or affiliated with, the People's Liberation Army or a ministry of the Chinese government, or that is owned or controlled by an entity affiliated with the Chinese government's defense industrial base; and (ii) is engaged in commercial services, manufacturing, producing, or exporting./174Huawei is included in the list of CCMCs, which the Secretary of Defense prepares./175Other Supply Chain Protection InitiativesOther executive branch agencies have started efforts to protect U.S. communications networks from alleged security threats potentially caused by Huawei and other entities. For example, in November 2018, the Department of Homeland Security convened the Information and Communications Technology Supply Chain Risk Management Task Force--a public-private partnership formed to provide recommendations on how to identify and manage risk to the global information and telecommunications supply chain./176The Department of State engaged in the Multilateral Action on Sensitive Technologies (MAST) process, a group of 15 nations that meet to share information about technology transfer threats./177And the SECURE Technology Act,/178 which became law in December 2018, established an interagency Federal Acquisition Security Council (FASC)./179The FASC is responsible for, among other things, developing a governmentwide strategy that addresses information and telecommunications supply chain risks and facilitates information-sharing within the government and with the private sector./180Federal Communications Commission's ActionsThe FCC and the U.S. Congress have taken steps to restrict Huawei's access to U.S. telecommunications infrastructure. These actions primarily affect smaller telecommunications carriers who rely on the Universal Service Fund (USF). The USF subsidizes, among other things, voice and broadband internet service in rural and high-cost areas./181Federal law requires long distance telecommunications carriers (such as AT&T and Verizon) to contribute a percentage of their revenue to maintain the USF,/182 and the FCC uses the fund to support eligible telecommunications carriers (ETCs) that serve high-cost areas./183In November 2019, the FCC issued an order (2019 Order) prohibiting ETCs from using USF funds to purchase Huawei or ZTE equipment or services./184At the same time, it issued a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (2019 FNPRM) that proposed requiring ETCs to remove and replace existing Huawei and ZTE equipment from their networks (often called "rip-and-replace" /185) and proposed establishing a reimbursement program to cover the cost of the removal and replacement./186Following the FCC's adoption of its order and proposed rule, Congress passed the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019 (Secure Networks Act), which the President signed into law in March 2020./187Like the 2019 Order, the Secure Networks law prohibits companies from using FCC administered subsidies to obtain or maintain "covered communications equipment or services" that pose national security risks to U.S. communications networks, including certain Huawei or ZTE equipment./188The Secure Networks Act also directs the Commission to establish a rip-and-replace reimbursement program, similar to the one contemplated in the 2019 FNPRM, and requires ETCs to remove covered equipment if they participate in that program./189The FCC has taken steps to implement the Secure Networks Act, most notably by adopting another final order in December 2020./190This order establishes the reimbursement program required by the Secure Networks Act./191The order also goes beyond the Secure Networks Act by requiring carriers receiving USF support to remove and replace existing covered equipment in their networks, regardless of whether they choose to participate in the reimbursement program./192Shortly after this final order was adopted, Congress passed the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (Pub. L. No. 116-260), which provides funding for the reimbursement program and makes several changes to the program's scope.These actions have significant implications for rural carriers and their customers and are discussed further below.* * *Rural Telecommunications Carriers and HuaweiWhile larger carriers such as AT&T and Verizon have indicated they do not use Huawei equipment in their U.S. networks,/193 many rural carriers use Huawei's technology in their networks for cost reasons./194 For instance, the Rural Wireless Association (RWA), a trade association representing providers of wireless phone and broadband service, estimated in 2018 that 25% of its members had deployed Huawei or ZTE equipment in their networks./195 Because rural carriers rely on the USF to operate, these limitations on USF recipients' use of Huawei equipment have significant implications for Huawei's presence in the nation's communications network./196* * *2019 OrderIn November 2019, the FCC adopted the 2019 Order, prohibiting ETCs from using USF funds to purchase, upgrade, maintain, or otherwise support any services or equipment provided by Huawei and ZTE./197To support its action, the FCC explained that Congress and the executive branch had repeatedly raised concerns over the threat of foreign actors exploiting U.S. communications networks./198The Commission cited, in particular, congressional and executive actions such as the 2019 NDAA and Executive Order 13873./199The 2019 Order also states that the Commission found it "very significant" that the DOJ supported its conclusion that USF funds should "be used to deploy infrastructure and provide services that do not undermine our national security." /200The FCC further reasoned that the record supported specifically designating Huawei and ZTE as the initial entities covered by the USF fund prohibition./201The 2019 Order states that both companies have "ties to the Chinese government and military apparatus," and it cites the 2012 HPSCI report for the proposition that Chinese state security laws obligate these companies "to cooperate with any request by the Chinese government to use or access their systems." /202The FCC rejected Huawei's arguments that its U.S. affiliates are not subject to these state security laws, reasoning that affiliates remain subject to Chinese law "[i]rrespective of their physical location."/203While the 2019 Order's designation of Huawei and ZTE as covered entities only served as an "initial designation," the 2019 Order gives the FCC's Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau (PSHSB) authority to make a final designation after a period of public comments./204It further directs the PSHSB to make future determinations about whether to designate additional companies or to reverse earlier determinations./205On June 30, 2020, following the comment period, the PSHB issued its final designation decision on Huawei and ZTE, naming them as covered entities (Designation Orders)./206Huawei sought review of the designation, but, on Dec. 11, 2020, the Commission rejected its challenges and upheld the PSHB's designation./207As a legal basis for the 2019 Order's prohibition, the FCC reasoned that its "authority to place reasonable public interest conditions on the use of USF funds" is "well established." /208The FCC explained that Section 254 of the Communications Act allows the Commission to consider the extent to which USF-supported telecommunications services are "consistent with the public interest, convenience, and necessity."/209More generally, section 201(b) of the Communications Act allows the Commission to promulgate rules and regulations "as may be necessary in the public interest to carry out the provisions of [the] Act."/210The FCC wrote that it is "well-established" that "promotion of national security is consistent with the public interest" because Section 1 of the Communications Act states that the FCC was created for, among other things, "the purpose of national defense [and] for the purpose of promoting safety of life and property."/211The 2019 Order also states that it is implementing or otherwise furthering the goals of other federal laws, including Section 889 of the 2019 NDAA212 and federal law that prohibits unauthorized surveillance in telecommunication carriers' networks./213Huawei has petitioned for review of the 2019 Order in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit./214While this case remains ongoing, one key issue is the extent to which the Communications Act allows the FCC to consider national security as part of its public-interest analysis. In its briefing, Huawei argues that the Act does not allow the Commission to make national security determinations--both in the universal service context and generally--because, among other things: (1) national security does not further any of the statutorily enumerated goals of the universal service program;/215 (2) whenever the Act confers power to make national security judgments, it gives it to the President, rather than the Commission;/216 and (3) the Act's public interest standard must be interpreted based on the broader context of the Act and "cannot be interpreted to give national security authority to the FCC, when that authority is statutorily and constitutionally committed to the President."/217Along with the arguments based on the Communications Act, Huawei's briefing makes several other statutory and constitutional arguments. For instance, Huawei argues that the 2019 Order is "arbitrary and capricious" in violation of the Administrative Procedure Act because, among other thing, it ignores evidence that the rule would undermine the purposes of the USF provision./218Huawei further argues that the Order's initial designation of Huawei violated the Constitution's Due Process Clause by depriving it of its "constitutionally protected reputational interests" without affording an adequate pre-deprivation hearing./2192019 FNPRMAlong with the Order, the FCC issued the 2019 FNPRM./220In the 2019 FNPRM, the Commission proposed to condition any future USF support on recipients agreeing not to use equipment or services from "covered companies" for a period of time./221The proposed covered companies would be the same companies designated national security threats under the 2019 Order (i.e., Huawei and ZTE)./222The FCC also proposed requiring ETCs receiving USF funds to remove and replace existing equipment and services provided by covered companies from their network operations./223To mitigate the cost of this replacement, the FCC proposed to establish a "reimbursement program" that would offset "reasonable transition costs." /224The FCC proposed seeking an "appropriation or authorization of funds from Congress" to fund this reimbursement program./225It also sought comment on the appropriate funding needed to cover replacement costs, noting that the estimated costs of removing and replacing the covered equipment varied, with one commentator estimating it at "approximately $150 million plus installation" and another estimating costs of "$800 million to $1 billion."/226Continues with Part 2 of 2* * *View report and footnotes at https://crsreports.congress.gov/product/pdf/R/R46693[Category: CRSCRS]Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7396816 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: February 25, 2021End of Document

Why Jack Ma, China's richest man, disappeared for three monthsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 20, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 894 wordsBody              Jack Ma is considered one of the richest men in China.            Getty Images Jack Ma is considered one of the richest men in China.       Jack Ma, the founder of online sales portal Alibaba, was about to become the richest man in China.In November 2020, the night before he closed another of his successful businesses, the billionaire suddenly disappeared.Alibaba, his company, had started operating in his apartment and had become one of the most recognized technology brands in the world.Today, its portal has about 800 million users and its services range from data purchases and storage to artificial intelligence.In addition, Ma is known for his extravagant presence and advertising tricks.He has organized parties for thousands of his employees, with special musical numbers performed by himself.His latest business venture, the Ant Group, leads the digital payment market in China through the Alipay financial transactions app. Controversial speechThe company intends to revolutionize banking in China, changing hands the power of traditional institutions.On October 24, 2020 in Shanghai, the Ant Gruop was ready to launch what would be the largest stock market outlet in history.                Alipay digital payment service is ubiquitous in China.            Reuters Alipay digital payment service is ubiquitous in China.       Prior to this event, Ma addressed a meeting of high-profile people in the country with a rather controversial speech criticizing the Chinese financial system.After that speech, the businessman was not publicly seen again for three months. Ma was rumoured to have been under house arrest or detained by Chinese authorities.Some doubted he was still alive. Cited by the governmentIn that speech, the founder of Alibaba had accused Chinese banks of operating with a"pawn shop" mentality.He had also pointed out that the Chinese authorities were trying to "manage an airport as if it were a train station" in reference to regulations on digital finance.These claims infuried the banking establishment and some reports suggest that it also caught the attention of President Xi Jinping.               Some reports suggest that President Xi intervened personally to block the sale of Alipay shares.            Getty Images Some reports suggest that President Xi intervened personally to block the sale of Alipay shares.       Soon Ma and her closest colleagues were called up to a meeting with the regulators and the departure to the Ant Group stock exchange was stopped.Shares in Ma-owned companies plummeted by more than $76 billion from their initial value.After that meeting in November 2020, Jack Ma was never seen again for weeks. Big surprise"That day apparently crossed the invisible red line of what can be said and done in Xi Jinping's China," said Christina Boutrup, a China theme analyst who has interviewed Ma on some occasions."Ithink it was a greatsurprise for him. He would never have crossed that line if he'd known how bad he could go," he added.Eventually, after three months, on January 20, 2021 Ma reappeared in a short video for a charity event.The following month he appeared playing golf on the island of Hainan. "Apparently, he kept a very low profile, which was really the best he could do," Boutrup explained.               Jack Ma seems to have lost the favor of Chinese leaders.            Getty Images Jack Ma seems to have lost the favor of Chinese leaders.       Technology sectorNow, the Chinese government is examining its strategy to regulate tech giants and in recent days has launched an antitrust investigation against Alibaba.And last week, a regulatory body noted that 12 companies - including Tencent and Baidu - had been fined because they had violated the Chinese antitrust code.This may indicate an escalation throughout the technology sector.China is currently being questioned by the U.S. and other countries about its human rights policies in Hong Kong and Xinjiang Province.Some see the movement to control technological superpowers as an effort to prioritize stability and control over commercial success.               Tencent is responsible for the "super-application" WeChat, among many other technological products.            Getty Images Tencent is responsible for the "super-application" WeChat, among many other technological products.       "There are [Communist] party committees there to remind companies that ultimately the party has the power, even over powerful individuals like Jack Ma," explained Samantha Hoffman, researcher at the Australian Institute of Strategic Policy.This control extends to the secrecy of state,he noted."Not only is a company responsible for doing what the party demands, but it also can't admit that it's doing what the party says if asked," he added.But other experts suggest that Alibaba and other Chinese tech giants should not be seen in the West only through the political lens."China is still a developing country. I think it might be unfair to judge a developing country with the same benchmarks and merits that apply to a developed country," says Lillian Li, author of the Chinese Technology Bulletin called "Chinese Characteristics."Now you can receive notifications from BBC World. Download the new version of our app and activate them so you don't miss our best content.• Already know our YouTube channel? Subscribe!Load-Date: March 21, 2021End of Document

Chinese hackers targeted Uyghurs living in US, Facebook security team findsCNN WireMarch 24, 2021 Wednesday 6:01 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 460 wordsByline: By Donie O'Sullivan, CNN BusinessDateline: (CNN) Body             Chinese hackers targeted Uyghur activists and journalists living in the United States in an attempt to spy on them, an investigation by security staff at Facebook has found."They targeted activists, journalists and dissidents among Uyghurs and other Muslim minorities from Xinjiang in China primarily living abroad in Turkey, Kazakhstan, the United States and other countries," Facebook said in a post Wednesday detailing its findings about the cyber espionage campaign.The hackers infected targets' electronic devices with malware "to enable surveillance," Facebook said. In some cases, the hackers compromised or impersonated news websites popular among Uyghurs to secretly install spying software."This group used fake accounts on Facebook to create fictitious personas posing as journalists, students, human rights advocates or members of the Uyghur community to build trust with people they targeted and trick them into clicking on malicious links," the company said.Some of Facebook's finding benefited from research by FireEye, a cybersecurity company, Facebook said.In January, the United States officially determined that China is committing genocide and crimes against humanity against Uyghur Muslims and ethnic and religious minority groups who live in the northwestern region of Xinjiang. (The Chinese government denied this assertion, calling it a lie.)The US State Department has previously estimated as many as 2 million Uyghurs, as well as members of other Muslim minority groups, have been detained in internment camps in the region.Facebook did not point the blame directly at the government in Beijing but said the hackers "had the hallmarks of a well-resourced and persistent operation." (Hackers linked to the Chinese government previously hacked iPhones and Android devices to target Uyghurs.)The hacking groups identified as being behind the latest campaign are known in the cybersecurity industry as "Evil Eye" and "Earth Empusa" and have been involved in previous spying campaigns, according to Facebook.Facebook's announcement comes a day before CEO Mark Zuckerberg is set to appear before Congress, alongside the heads of Twitter and Google. Zuckerberg is expected to be asked about the role his platform may have played in fueling the January 6th riot at the US Capitol, among other issues.Facebook and other social media platforms were widely criticized for allowing Russian trolls to pose as Americans online in the run-up to the 2016 election. Since then, Facebook has publicly called out some governments and other entities it finds using its platform for nefarious purposes.                      By Donie O'Sullivan, CNN Business         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 23, 2021End of Document

Our 'Front Line' With China Is the Mexico Border | OpinionNewsweek.comMarch 29, 2021 Monday 6:30 AM ESTCopyright © 2021 Newsweek Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1192 wordsByline: Gordon G. ChangHighlight: Beijing's arrogance is showing.BodyChinese "money brokers," working for Latin American drug gangs, are quickly displacing Mexican and Colombian money launders.With burner phones and Chinese banking apps, the gangs are "moving vast sums quickly and quietly." As a result, they are taking over the movement of dirty cash, especially in Mexico. For instance, one Chinese ring, based in Guadalajara, worked for the Sinaloa Cartel and other drug gangs. Criminals from China, in the words of federal prosecutors, "have come to dominate international money laundering markets.""I look at this hemisphere as the front line of competition," said Admiral Craig Faller, the commander of U.S. Southern Command, to the Senate Armed Services Committee earlier this month.He called Chinese activities "insidious." "One of the prime sources that underwrites their efforts is Chinese money laundering," Admiral Faller stated.The Chinese Communist Party is, either directly or indirectly, responsible for money laundering for Latin America drug gangs—and others. The Party runs a near-total surveillance state and tightly controls the Chinese banking system. Most of China's large banks are either wholly or majority-owned by the state.No one could launder sums through the Chinese financial system without the knowledge of the regime, especially given the regime's near-total surveillance state.Even if the Chinese regime is not a direct participant in the money laundering, it at least knows about these activities and chooses to let them continue. As Reuters reported, China's authorities did not cooperate with U.S. requests for assistance in connection with the Chinese gang in Guadalajara.Beijing has also been uncooperative regarding large and far-flung Chinese drug gangs, which are responsible for much of illegal fentanyl pouring into the United States through the southern border. Fentanyl and precursor agents are often either cooked in Chinese labs and smuggled into the U.S. through Mexico or made from Chinese compounds by gangs south of the American border. In either case, the result is, as Vanda Felbab-Brown of the Brookings Institution states in a paper issued last July, "the deadliest drug epidemic in U.S. history."China's gangs don't just operate in Latin America; they also corrupt ruling elites—in other words, countries—in the process. Moreover, the corruption, as it has in other regions, follows and supports even legitimate trade. "For me, in the near term, the most dangerous aspect of China's presence in Latin America and the Caribbean is its distortion of the region's business and politics as it uses state-supported predatory practices to secure its strategic objectives—largely economic—there," Robert Evan Ellis of the U.S. Army War College told Newsweek.China merchandise trade with the region has soared since 2001, when it joined the World Trade Organization. In 2002, such trade totaled $17 billion. In 2019, it surpassed $315 billion. Reuters reports that, if Mexico were removed from calculations, China is now Latin America's biggest trading partner."Along with the trade," Joseph Humire tells Newsweek, "comes Chinese military training, spy tech, security supplies and a range of other extra-economic activities, including the People's Liberation Army-run satellite stations and almost 50 Confucius Institutes." As the executive director of the Center for a Secure Free Society tells this publication, "The results are more corruption, more conflicts and greater destabilization in the region where we live, giving rise to more anti-American authoritarians in our neighborhood." Of course, the Chinese presence in Latin America's democracies is intended to both undermine representative governance and further Beijing's anti-America agenda.Humire calls China's approach to the region "neo-colonial." That assessment appears correct. As Ellis notes, Beijing's actions ensure that its companies—and not those in Latin America—secure most of the benefit from the extraction of resources, the building and operation of infrastructure, and merchandise trade.Moreover, China's trade and loans, Ellis says, "extend the life of corrupt authoritarian regimes such as Venezuela, and create a safe path for leftist populists from Argentina to Bolivia to Ecuador to hijack democratic institutions, destroy the private sector and pursue anti-Western activities without having to fear the financial repercussions."As Ellis told this publication, "Beijing is moving us toward a dystopian world, far removed from the West, in which any depredation is permitted so long as it serves the interests of China."China's moves are becoming openly brazen. Admiral Faller reports China's "illegal, unregulated and unreported fishing." Chinese crafts have appeared off the coasts of Chile, Ecuador and Peru.Moreover, Beijing is almost surely behind the cyberattack beginning September 24, 2019 on the network of the Inter-American Development Bank. The persistent requests from thousands of Chinese IP addresses resulted in portions of the institution's website going offline. The bombardment, revealed this month, coincided with the 60th anniversary celebrations of the bank in Washington, D.C.Beijing's arrogance is showing. It made fast gains in the region, as Washington welcomed Chinese participation in the Inter-American Development Bank and across the hemisphere, more broadly. Now, America is pushing back. A "senior State Department official," speaking anonymously to Time, said "China is a malign influence."And that is one reason why Americans should view with alarm the Chinese presence in the Bahamas. In Freeport on Grand Bahama island, a Chinese party is committing about $3 billion to building a container port. The facility is supposed to benefit from improvements in the Panama Canal, but the economic justification looks weak, especially in a period of stagnant trade volumes. The port is, in fact, part of Beijing's highly ambitious Belt and Road Initiative. So far, 19 countries in Latin America and the Caribbean have signed on to the Chinese plan.Even more suspicious is a Chinese-built port on the Abaco Islands in the Bahamas. There appears to be no discernible commercial justification for the facility, and the project without additional investment is essentially unusable.The Bahamian ports could become another Hambantota, which in turn could become another Colombo. China in December 2017 took control of the Hambantota port in Sri Lanka by grabbing 70 percent of the equity and signing a 99-year lease after that project could not repay high-interest loans extended by China. Beijing's takeover was inevitable because Hambantota was misled from the get-go. In both September and October 2014, furthermore, the Sri Lankan government allowed a Chinese submarine to dock at the Chinese-funded Colombo International Container Terminals facility at the Port of Colombo.So will we soon see Chinese warships docked at Abaco and Freeport?Abaco is about 193 miles from Florida. Freeport is 87.Gordon G. Chang is the author of The Coming Collapse of China. Follow him on Twitter: @GordonGChang.The views expressed in this article are the writer's own.Link to ImageGraphic U.S.-Mexico border wall in ArizonaAndrew Lichtenstein/Corbis via Getty ImagesU.S.-Mexico border wall in ArizonaLoad-Date: March 29, 2021End of Document

Tencent's profits are soaring. But investors are worried about a crackdown by ChinaCNN WireMarch 24, 2021 Wednesday 3:10 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 605 wordsByline: By Michelle Toh, CNN BusinessDateline: (CNN) Body             Tencent just posted a huge jump in profits, but that won't stop investors from fretting over whether it'll become the next big target of a clampdown by regulators on tech companies in China.The Chinese tech giant beat estimates Wednesday with earnings for the quarter ended December. Revenue surged 26% to 133.7 billion yuan ($20.5 billion), while profit climbed as much as 175% to 59 billion yuan ($9 billion) compared to the same time the previous year."While 2020 was a year of unprecedented challenges, solid results across all our businesses testify to our focus on user value, technology innovation and business sustainability," Tencent Chairman and CEO Ma Huateng, who is also known as Pony Ma, said in a statement.But there's a risk that the results will be overshadowed by concerns of a growing government crackdown on Chinese tech companies.Earlier on Wednesday, Tencent's stock dropped about 1.5% in Hong Kong after Reuters reported that Ma had recently met with antitrust officials. Shares later pulled back to close down slightly.According to Reuters, which cited three unidentified sources, the meeting was requested by Tencent, and took place earlier this month with China's competition watchdog, the State Administration for Market Regulation (SAMR).In a statement Wednesday, Tencent stressed that the gathering "was a voluntary meeting.""Tencent has had meetings with regulators on a regular basis, and this was a regular meeting," it said. "We discussed a broad range of topics, mainly focused on fostering innovation and creating a healthy environment for industry evolution. Tencent has always and will continue to conduct our operations in compliance with relevant laws and regulations."SAMR did not immediately respond to a request for comment.According to two sources who spoke to Reuters, Chinese officials are looking into potential monopolistic practices by WeChat, Tencent's popular social networking app. Regulators are specifically concerned that the platform may have "squashed fair competition and squeezed smaller rivals," the news agency reported.Aside from its ownership of WeChat, Tencent is known for its dominance in online payments in the country through its WeChat Pay platform, as well as its popular mobile games.But scrutiny of the firm has soared recently, particularly after the treatment of China's other top tech giant, Alibaba.Late last year, Alibaba's financial technology affiliate, Ant Group, was forced to shelve a record-breaking $37 billion IPO after co-founder Jack Ma landed in hot water with regulators.Ant, which owns another popular digital payments app, Alipay, has huge interests in online investing, insurance and consumer lending, and has since been ordered to overhaul its business.Regulators are now said to be considering requiring Tencent to restructure its fintech arm, Bloomberg News has reported, citing unnamed sources. Tencent did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the matter.Martin Lau, Tencent's president, said on a call with Wall Street analysts Wednesday that the company didn't push the boundaries of China's regulations."We are very self-restrained in terms of monetization and our business practices," Lau said. "I think we sometimes get a criticism on being too much in self-control. But that's something that we'll continue to do, and we think it's going to be beneficial for us in the current environment."<em>- CNN's Beijing bureau and Laura He contributed to this report.</em>                      By Michelle Toh, CNN Business         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 24, 2021End of Document

Trump issues new ban on Alipay and other Chinese appsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 6, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 890 wordsBodyPresident Donald Trump of the United States signed on Tuesday (5) a decree banning commercial transactions through eight applications connected to the Chinese, including the payment platform Alipay, the Ant Group, chinese millionaire Jack Ma, and apps from Chinese giant Tencent Holdings.Trump said apps can access their users' private information. They could be used by the Chinese government to "track the location of federal employees and contractors, and form dossiers of personal information," he added.The executive order goes into effect in 45 days after Trump leaves office. A spokesman for President-elect Joe Biden's transition team declined to comment on the presidential decree.On Wednesday (6), China said it will take necessary measures to ensure the rights companies affected by the decree.                                               Alipay logo at Ant Group offices in Shanghai, China - Hector Retamal/AFP                        U.S. companies doing business with China -- including Apple, Ford, Walmart and Walt Disney -- previously said in an order from President Trump targeting Tencent's multifunction app WeChat, saying it's vital to doing business there. U.S. companies could cite similar concerns about the new decree.A federal judge issued a preliminary blocking that decree, but the government appealed.In a statement, a government official said the new order is intended to prevent data from U.S. users from being used by the Chinese government to feed what the authority called a "mass instrument for global oppression.""This is another example of the U.S. exaggerating the concept of national security, abusing its national power, to oppress foreign companies," said a spokeswoman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, Hua Chunying, on Wednesday (6). "It has some impact on Chinese companies, but mainly it would end upharming the interests of American consumers."A former U.S. trade authority said the executive order could raise new concerns among companies about the possibility of restricting certain transactions in China, a hot market for many U.S. multinationals.At the same time, the Trump administration's move adds to the difficulties for the Biden administration by highlighting increasingly troubling issues of national security, privacy and lack of access to China for some U.S. firms.Alipay, a paymentand lifestyle app with more than 1 billion users, is owned by Ant Group, a Chinese tech-finance giant controlled by Jack Ma. A representative for Ant did not immediately comment. The decree also applies to three apps owned by Tencent – WeChat Pay, QQWallet and Tencent QQ. A tencent representative did not immediately comment.While WeChat and Alipay are ubiquitous in China, they are less popular in the US. Alipay, for example, was downloaded 207,000 times in the U.S. last year from the App Store and Google Play, according to search firm Sensor Tower. WeChat -which includes WeChat Pay - was downloaded 1.6 million times last year, Sensor Tower said.In addition to the apps owned by Ant and Tencent, the decree applies to Camscanner, a scan application owned by Shanghai-based Intsig Information Co.. According to Sensor Tower, it had 4.4 million downloads in the U.S. last year.The ban also applies to Chinese-linked apps known as SHAREit, Vmate and WPS Office.The new move comes after the Trump administration issued some executive orders in August aimed at imposing new limits on Chinese social networking apps such as TikTok and WeChat, citing national security concerns. The two decrees were challenged in court.Two federal judges also separately blocked the Trump administration's ban on TikTok. The ban would have prevented U.S. companies from conducting transactions with TikTok, including hosting company data and distributing company content, which would have basically rendered the app inoperative in the U.S.In issuing the executive order for TikTok to be effectively closed or sold to an American company, the government said it feared ByteDance could share information about U.S. users with the Chinese government. The company said it would never do that.Anna Ashton, vice president for government affairs at the U.S.-China Business Council, said Trump's order appears to be based on the possibility that data would be shared with the Chinese government -- not any actual incident."Like the executive orders of WeChat and TikTok, the underlying threat that the government identifies is not clearly linked to any specific action taken by the companies cited in the order," Ashton said in a statement. "Chinese data intrusions and hacking activities are mentioned, but are not directly linked to the companies the president targeted."A member of the administration said the White House continues to believe that its previous orders on WeChat and TikTok are in effect. The official added that the new decree probably cannot be attacked under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the law that overturned previous orders.The Trump administration also tried to restrict Chinese telecommunications firms like Huawei through decrees. These acts were intended to ensure the security of U.S. networks, but they also seemed to undermine the competitiveness of Chinese firms around the world as the next-generation 5G wireless service begins to become available.(With Reuters)       Load-Date: January 7, 2021End of Document

Freedom House: New Report - Transnational Repression Is a Growing Threat to Global DemocracyTargeted News ServiceFebruary 5, 2021 Friday 6:50 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1228 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON Body(TNSRep) -- Freedom House issued the following news release:Dozens of governments around the world systemically employ violence against exiles and diasporas, reaching beyond national borders to silence dissent.Human rights activists, dissidents, and their families face a worldwide pattern of violence and intimidation perpetrated by the authoritarian regimes they hoped to avoid by fleeing abroad, according to a new Freedom House report that details the immense scope of such "transnational repression."The Saudi authorities' 2018 murder of Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi in Turkey is perhaps the most infamous recent case of transnational repression, but many other incidents have been reported, and still more have largely escaped media attention.The key findings of the report--Out of Sight, Not Out of Reach--include the following:* There have been at least 608 cases of direct, physical transnational repression since 2014, including assassinations, abductions, assaults, detentions, and unlawful deportations.* At least 31 origin states on every inhabited continent have carried out such acts against victims in 79 host countries, for a total of 160 unique pairings between origin and host countries. The latter include the United States, the United Kingdom, and other established democracies.* An estimated 3.5 million people have been affected by either direct attacks or secondary tactics of intimidation and coercion that ripple through communities around the world."The scale and violence of these attacks underscore the danger that people face even after they flee repression," said Freedom House president Michael J. Abramowitz. "Exiles around the world describe surveillance, assault, or even kidnapping and assassination as a constant threat that limits their ability to speak freely. Stopping transnational repression is vital to protecting democracy and rolling back authoritarian influence."Analysis of direct, physical cases of transnational repression can help researchers and advocates understand the nature and scale of the phenomenon. In addition to cataloguing these cases, Freedom House's report explains the dynamics behind other forms of transnational repression: coercion by proxy, in which family members are targeted within the origin country to silence their relatives living abroad; mobility controls, such as the cancellation of passports; and digital threats like spyware and online smear campaigns. These tactics are extremely widespread, and while they may entail less physical danger than direct attacks, they can be very effective at compelling exiles to give up their activism.The report found that most transnational repression involves some degree of cooperation between the origin state and the host state. This is obvious in detentions and deportations, in which the host country authorities are acting on official requests from the origin state. But it is also typically a factor in renditions, in which the victim is illegally transferred to the origin state with no semblance of due process."Preventing transnational repression will require examining the ways in which origin states manipulate migration and asylum systems to target those who flee," said Nate Schenkkan, director for research strategy at Freedom House and coauthor of the report with research analyst Isabel Linzer. "As democracies' migration and border systems focus more and more on national security, authoritarian states see an opportunity to exert control beyond their borders by exploiting accusations of terrorism in particular." Of the physical cases Freedom House compiled, 58 percent involved accusations of terrorism.The global analysis in Freedom House's report is supplemented by detailed case studies on six leading states that practice transnational repression: China, Rwanda, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Russia, and Turkey. These countries stand out due to the extent and violence of their campaigns. Each case study explains the logic behind the regime's transnational repression efforts, the tactics that it uses, and the experiences of exiles who are targeted.* China: The Chinese government's campaign reaches the most people globally due to the broad range of groups under threat and the sheer number of countries where individuals face repression. Members of ethnic and religious minorities, former insiders of the Chinese Communist Party, human rights defenders, and increasingly, people from Hong Kong--all have been subjected to serious forms of transnational repression, including assassination attempts and renditions. Chinese authorities' 2015 kidnapping of Gui Minhai, a Swedish citizen who was later forced to renounce his citizenship while in Chinese custody, is striking for its disregard for nationality, sovereignty, and human rights.* Rwanda: Transnational repression is a long-standing pillar of President Paul Kagame's rule, with incidents dating back to the 1990s and including a string of suspected assassinations and renditions. Due to the government's relentless desire to monopolize the country's civic life, essentially all Rwandans abroad are at risk. In September, Rwandan officials kidnapped Paul Rusesabagina, the hero portrayed in the film Hotel Rwanda, from the United Arab Emirates.* Russia: The Russian regime's effort has two main parts: a focus on former insiders whom the Kremlin views as threats, and an all-encompassing campaign against Chechens who challenge the rule of pro-Kremlin leader Ramzan Kadyrov. The Russian record is notable for its violence: 7 out of 26 assassination attempts Freedom House catalogued were tied to Russia. In just the last two years, three Chechen exiles have been murdered in Europe.* Saudi Arabia: The kingdom's transnational repression extends far beyond the brutal murder of Jamal Khashoggi. The Saudi government has extensively used spyware, family intimidation, detentions, assaults, and renditions against exiles in the Middle East, North America, Europe, and Asia. Human rights defender Loujain al-Hathloul was kidnapped from the United Arab Emirates in 2018.* Iran: After a lull in the 2000s, the Iranian regime has in recent years resumed attempted assassinations and renditions of exiles, including in the Netherlands, Turkey, and Iraq. A particularly outrageous case was that of journalist Ruhollah Zam. After being abducted from Iraq, Zam was executed in Iran in December 2020.* Turkey: Since the coup attempt of July 2016, Turkey's government has embarked on a global rendition campaign resulting in at least 58 abductions from 17 countries. These endeavors have involved corrupting local security services in Africa, Europe, and Asia and convincing them to facilitate the illegal transfer of individuals into Turkish custody. The campaign continues to this day: new renditions from Ukraine took place in January 2020, after the report had been completed.This research on transnational repression forms part of Freedom House's growing body of work on how authoritarian states exert influence beyond their borders. For more information on Freedom House's research on authoritarian reach, click here: https://freedomhouse.org/issues/authoritarian-reach* * *REPORT: https://freedomhouse.org/sites/default/files/2021-02/Complete_FH_TransnationalRepressionReport2021_rev020221.pdf[Category: International]Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7374688 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: February 5, 2021End of Document

S.A. Debates Ethics of University Partnership With Chinese Universities and ICECornell Daily Sun: Cornell UniversityMarch 28, 2021 SundayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 1118 wordsByline: Angela BunayBodyLast Thursday, the Student Assembly tackled issues of immigration and ethical considerations for international programs as it debated the University's ties to ICE and Chinese universities.The assembly passed six resolutions, five of which passed unanimously - voting tocut Cornell's ties with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, encourage Cornell to uphold ethical guidelines for international engagements and change how the student assembly operates and funding approval.Last week, on March 19, the Cornell DREAM Team, a student organization focused on empowering and supporting undocumented students on campus, introduced resolutions 35 and 36 with the goal of fostering a safer campus environment for undocumented students by severing ties with ICE and establishing a sanctuary campus.During the meeting, Stella Linardi '22, a Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals recipient and DREAM Team member, presented resolution 35 calling for Cornell to cut all ties with ICE, including ending any alleged recruitment partnerships with ICE adjacent companies such as Palantir and Anduril. Linardi highlighted ICE's long history of brutality and civil rights infringements."Cornell is a home to community of undocumented students as well as students from mixed status families," said Linardi. "We assert that Cornell cannot live up to its principles or its motto 'Any person. Any study.' while aiding and abetting the US government agencies that oppress, persecute and deport undocumented community members."Leaderboard 2Linardi claimed that Cornell Tech is suspected of collaborating with ICE by providing facial recognition software and collaborating with the two companies to build detect-and-shoot towers, which would detect people illegally crossing the border and shoot them. Lindardi hopes that by Cornell cutting ties with the companies that work with ICE, it will put pressure on other companies to end their ties with the government agency, and stir national conversation.Resolution 36, the second resolution proposed by the DREAM team, called on Cornell to establish itself as a sanctuary campus for undocumented students, following the example of college campuses across the United States, including the University of Pennsylvania, Wesleyan University and Connecticut College.This would mean the university would implement policies to protect undocumented members of the Cornell community, including not allowing ICE officers on campus without judicial warrants, refusing to disclose faculty or students' immigration status without a court order and providing confidential legal support to undocumented students.Newsletter Signup• #mc_embed_signup{background:#fff; clear:left; font:14px Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; width:100%;} /* Add your own Mailchimp form style overrides in your site stylesheet or in this style block. We recommend moving this block and the preceding CSS link to the HEAD of your HTML file. */ Subscribe to our daily newsletter! "Cornell must ensure that undocumented students, faculty and staff feel safe from detainment and deportation," said Linardi. "We assert that Cornell University must commit to fostering a safe and nourishing environment for undocumented students by establishing a sanctuary campus." Both resolutions, which have support from organizations across campus such as the Cornell Anti-Detention Alliance and Cornell Abolitionist Revolutionary Society, passed unanimously. Later, Laila Abd Elmagid '21, the CALS representative, introduced resolution 39 calling on Cornell to uphold ethical guidelines while collaborating with international institutions. The resolution specifically discussed the School of Hotel Administration's proposal of a dual degree program in which students will be able to get their Master of Management from the hotel school while also obtaining an MBA from the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University in China, which was approved by the hotel school graduate faculty on March 10, 2020. The proposal has raised ethical concerns among several faculty senate members who held a meeting a month ago in which many faculty members spoke against the proposal presented by the hotel school's associate dean for academic affairs, Prof. Alex Susskind, Operations, Technology and Information Management. Elmagid expressed a number of concerns including PKU's history of academic freedom violations, silencing and suppressing sexual assault survivors and the broader issue of the Chinese government's engagement in human rights violations. "Some faculty senators had personal accounts of when they were teaching or some of their students were attending PKU or other universities in the area," said Elmagid. "They felt like they couldn't bring up sensitive topics, and were just like walking on eggshells when asked questions that were deemed controversial." The CALS representative said that the safety of students and faculty is not completely guaranteed, noting that New York University Shanghai students were detained and beaten by plain clothes Chinese police earlier this month. "Cornell will be tainting its own reputation and names that were to continue such relationships," said Elmagid. "Not only that, but continuing to partner with PKU and other institutions in China normalizes and accepts the genocide that is currently ongoing." The resolution states that the S.A. calls for the halting of the proposed dual degree program, pushing the university reconsider all international collaborations with ethical concerns in mind and terminate programs which violate those ethics. The resolution also calls for the creation of a committee to oversee Cornell programs in China and to suspend programs in China, Turkey and Saudi Arabia - countries where academic freedom is in question. The resolution passed with 18 members voting yes, 0 voting no and 4 abstaining. The S.A. then voted unanimously to pass resolution 37, introduced by president Cat Huang '21, which would create a more accessible process for S.A. members to request an absence or accommodation for meetings due to religious holiday conflicts. Resolution 38 also passed unanimously to add the Students with Disabilities Representative At-Large the Diversity and Inclusion Committee once the new Diversity and Inclusion Committee chair is internally elected in Fall 2021. The representative would be involved in conversations regarding resolutions or policies dealing with marginalized groups on campus. The meeting ended with Vice President for Finance Uche Chukwukere '21 presenting a resolution to approve the current S.A.'s first special projects request for the Sexual Violence Prevention Network's Sexual Assault Awareness Month events, which passed unanimously.Load-Date: March 29, 2021End of Document

Rep. James Comer (R-KY) is Interviewed about Investigation into Social Media; Big Tech Earnings Today; The China Threat; December Durable Goods Numbers; Millennials Opting for Economic and Social Prenups.MORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 8:00 AM ESTJanuary 27, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; InternationalLength: 7082 wordsByline: Cheryl Casone, Jackie DeAngelis, Kristina PartsinevelosGuests: James Comer, Ivan Feinseth, Jon Hilsenrath, Kelly Jane Torrance, John Lonski, Vikki ZieglerBodyCHERYL CASONE, FBN ANCHOR: Boeing was positive earlier. Now it's actually in the red, as you can see on your screen there. AT&T, Apple also in the red. We're also looking at big tech after the bell. That's going to be the Apple, the FaceBook and the Tesla.Also let's take a look at futures this morning. Again, a big -- taking a big hit. I think a piece of this certainly was Boeing. Dow is now down -- Dow futures down 356, the Nasdaq is down 126, S&P is down 50. Again, Boeing really hurting the numbers here.All three major indices did finish slightly in the red yesterday. We had been in the green in the afternoon. We closed, unfortunately, lower.Then we've got this story, David versus Goliath. Retail investors taking on hedge funds and other short positions in Gamestop and a lot of other stocks. Now some of the main short sellers are cutting their exposure. It's a fascinating story. Big controversy on Wall Street. We're going to talk about it.And the millennial prenup. How couples are changing their plans from generations before. You don't want to miss that story.MORNINGS WITH MARIA is live right now.Let's take a look at the European markets. They are also falling in tandem with U.S. futures right now. Red across the board. In particular, in Germany, down 2 percent there. Taking a look at Asia overnight. You've got a mixed story. The Kospi and the Hang Seng in the red. The Nikkei in Japan higher, as well as the Shanghai composite.Some of the top stories we're watching for you this morning, President Joe Biden set to tackle climate change in another round of executive orders today. Today's orders are going to including a ban on new leases for oil and gas drilling and fracking on federal lands. He's also setting a national goal to permanently protect 30 percent of the country's federal land and waters from development by 2030. All of this follows last week's orders where he revoked the permit for the Keystone XL Pipeline and halted oil leases in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.Meanwhile, President Biden's deportations freeze hitting a legal snag. A Texas federal judge temporarily blocked the administration's 100-day pause on deportations. This after Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton filed a lawsuit saying the pause would cause imminent and irreparable harm. The White House said it's confident as the case proceeds it will be clear that the measure was wholly appropriate. That from the White House.Well, Senate Democrats facing a setback in their effort to convict former President Trump. Forty-five GOP senators, including Mitch McConnell, voted against a second impeachment trial of former President Trump. This signals there will not be enough votes to convict Trump on inciting an insurrection at the Capitol earlier this month.And YouTube extending former President Trump's channel suspension over concerns about, quote, the ongoing potential for violence. This as Oregon Congressman Cathy McMorris Rodgers announced the big tech accountability platform is a plan that lays out the approach towards regulating technology companies and addressing the power of social media.And taking on social media. Big story this morning. Fox News is learning that the FBI is reviewing congressional requests for investigations into the rolls that social media platforms Parler, FaceBook and Twitter played in the Capitol Hill riots on January 6th. New York Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney is calling for the bureau to investigate only Parler as a potential facilitator of violence.However, our next guest co-authored a letter to Congresswoman Maloney that calls Democrats' request for investigations of just Parler a political ploy against conservatives. This letter also called for Maloney's request to be amended so that Twitter and FaceBook would also be investigated.Joining me now, one of the authors, Kentucky Congressman, and Oversight and Reform Committee ranking member, James Comer.Congressman, welcome to the show.REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Thanks for having me on.CASONE: Talk to me about this pushback in this letter to Congresswoman Maloney in particular and talk to me about why you think she's only targeting Parler and not looking at FaceBook or Twitter.COMER: Well, it's a great question. The oversight Democrats showed their bias when they sent a letter to the FBI requesting that the FBI probe Parler for all the outbreak of the riots on January the 6th. And what we -- what we all know from intelligence reports that we've received is there were just as many people communicating on FaceBook and Twitter as there were Parler. But, obviously, Parler is the choice of conservatives. Conservatives prefer Parler overwhelmingly over Twitter and FaceBook. So the Democrats again showed their bias in -- and asked that the FBI just probe Parler. So the Republicans on the committee, we quickly responded to the FBI and said please include Twitter and FaceBook as well just to be balanced. And we all know, again, that there were just as many of the people involved in the riot communicating on FaceBook and Twitter as there were Parler.CASONE: Well, but, you know, part of this, and I'm guessing, you tell me, is that, you know, Twitter banned former President Trump. They banned him and they have not reinstated his account. FaceBook banning President Trump. So is this where this -- is this the root source here of leaving FaceBook and Twitter alone and going after Parler, which did not ban former President Trump?COMER: Well, it certainly looks that way. I mean the Democrats used to be critics of FaceBook and Twitter because they were big, profitable companies. But ever since the Hunter Biden story when FaceBook and Twitter refused to run that story on their platform, the Democrats have been tickled to death with FaceBook and Twitter. Now they're showing their partiality to those two by leaving them out of the potential FBI probe. So hopefully the Republicans stepped in immediately at the right time and made the FBI aware that if you're going to investigate Parler, you better investigate FaceBook and Twitter as well.CASONE: Yes, and not pick favorites, to your point, Congressman.I want to move on to your backyard here.President Biden's executive order spree is focusing on climate change today. This will include a ban on new leases for oil and gas drilling and fracking on federal lands. I know that that's a big story for Texas. You had this order last week which revoked the Keystone XL Pipeline. You halted oil leases in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge up in Alaska. Last hour I spoke to a laid off Keystone XL worker. He's heartbroken. He's devastated. I mean this is 11,000 jobs in total that are -- that are under threat here.What can we do? Because, as you know, Texas, I'm a Texan too, oil and gas is the lifeblood of the Texas economy still.COMER: Oil and gas is the lifeblood of the Texas economy. And you take the Keystone Pipeline, 11,000 jobs on top of 11 million workers in America who are unemployed, most of whom are unemployed because of Democrat governors (INAUDIBLE) the economy and the spin off effects of that. So all I've seen from Joe Biden in the first week of office are Americans losing their jobs unilaterally because of bad policy decisions, not only by Democrats governors and mayors, but by the Biden administration.So I join Kevin McCarthy and several other Republican leaders in Congress and ask the president to reconsider his moratorium on mining and drilling because we've proven in the United States we can grow our energy economy while reducing carbon emissions. So a lot of energy companies, not just oil and gas, but also coal, have taken great steps towards becoming clean, green companies. And we all know that we have to have a balanced portfolio with respect to our energy policy in America. And it's very disappointing that Joe Biden's reverting back to the failed policies of the Obama-Biden administration.CASONE: Yes.A lot of fracking though, to be clear, is done on private land. I mean President Biden went after, you know, public land, federal land.COMER: Right.CASONE: But it seems to me that there's still going to be at least some energy production, in particular fracking, which is big in Texas, that's still going to be coming online, correct? That's still safe for now?COMER: That's still safe for now. But once they take the first step, as we've seen in the past during the Obama administration, and this looks like it's going to be a repeat of the Obama administration, they continuing to go and attack the industry. I mean it's been a nonstop attack on energy over the last eight years of the Obama administration, and we're already seeing that.A part of what Joe Biden has done in his new climate change policies is he's announced the creation of an Office of Health and Climate Equity. Nothing sounds like Democrat bureaucracy and wasteful spending more than creating an Office of Health and Climate Equity.So this is a battle that, unfortunately, we're going to have to fight for a long time.CASONE: Yes.COMER: And it's very disappointing when, because of COVID and because of the downturn in the economy, we're -- we're having to fight an administration that's creating more unnecessary burdens and regulations on the private sector, especially the energy sector.CASONE: Yes. Well, there's more -- a lot of businesses though, I mean this is across the country, are really worried about this new minimum wage issue. You've got a group of these Democratic lawmakers, they reintroduced a bill that raises the federal minimum wage to $15 by 2025. It did pass in the House last summer. But then, remember, Mitch McConnell blocked it. Democrats are now looking to budget reconciliation to bypass any filibuster by the Republicans.Your comments on this because a lot of small business owners that we talk to on Fox Business are terrified about $15 an hour depending on the state they're in.COMER: Well, they should be. How would you like to own a restaurant and you've been faced with all these government shutdowns and now you're going to have to double your wages. And I know what Biden's talking about with -- starting with federal employees. But you're creating a situation that continues to spook private sector.And by doing it through budget reconciliation, you're changing the rules in the -- in the Congress that -- that don't need to be changed. You remember when Harry Reid invoked the "nuclear option." That changed the rules of the Senate forever. And if they do this through budget reconciliation, which is -- is not supposed to be used for things like increasing the minimum wage, then I think you're opening a door that's going to be hard to shut and you're going to see a lot of bad policy decisions make its way -- make their way through Congress when you don't have the normal vote to get those bills passed. So I'm very disappointed in the first week of the Biden administration. I felt like listening to his speech he talked about unifying America, he talked about America first, but all I've seen are America last policies and divisive issues.CASONE: Well, I said this earlier in the show, Congressman, you know, we've got to run, but, you know, that Keystone issue, 11,000 jobs. Even Justin Trudeau, the Canadian prime minister, pushed back against President Biden on a call they had this week and said this is a job killer. And then you've got, of course, the secondary effects on Texas and Louisiana.Well, anyway, Congressman, please keep us posted and good luck. Please come back on the show, sir.COMER: Thanks for having me on.CASONE: All right, Congressman James Comer.We've got a lot more coming up this morning. We have got a preview of all those big tech earnings that are coming up after the bell and those are the names. They are going to be big, big, big after the close today. FaceBook, Apple and Tesla.We've also got December durable goods coming out in about 20 minutes from now.Plus this story. Millennials embracing prenups, but putting their own twist on them. This is a good story. You just wait for this one.And joining the conversation all morning long, because I know they're going to have great opinions on that one, Kelly Torrance and Jon Hilsenrath.You are watching MORNINGS WITH MARIA live on Fox Business.CASONE: Big tech earnings are on tap today. We've got Apple, FaceBook and Tesla. They're all going to be reporting earnings after the bell. We'll have live coverage on the network for you there.But Tesla, a major surge here. The stock up 700 percent over the past year. They're expected to report their first full year profit. That's going to be big.I want to bring in Tigress Financial Partners CIO and director of research, Ivan Feinseth.Ivan, I do want to get to Tesla with you, but I want to dig in first to FaceBook because one of the things that we've seen with FaceBook is the pressure from Washington. Mark Zuckerberg called multiple times last year to testify. There's -- there's been calls for them to be broken up. Now they're being hit with, you know, are they censoring conservative voices.Ivan, what do you expect to hear from FaceBook in particular today?IVAN FEINSETH, CIO AND RESEARCH DIRECTOR, TIGRESS FINANCIAL PARTNERS: Well, as far as business goes, an extremely strong quarter. Digital advertising revenue has been on fire. FaceBook user engagement has also been on fire. I mean the pandemic, people working from home, disconnected from people are connecting on FaceBook. They are engaging on FaceBook. And advertisers continuing to go to FaceBook and spend more money on digital advertising.And even during the calls for boycotts, FaceBook saw an increase in advertisers and advertising revenue. So it's where advertisers go to connect with consumers. And that's the powerful driver. And everything else is really just noise.CASONE: Well, I'll push back -- but let me push back on that, though, you know what, Ivan, because last year was an election year. I mean we saw an incredible amount of people that went on to these platforms. Obviously the engagement was through the roof. I'm wondering if that actually -- if they give us a forecast, I don't know if they will, if they're going to tell us, you know, after the bell today that -- that they're going to see a slowdown with that engagement, and because that's an advertising story, to your point.FEINSETH: Well, absolutely. No question that they see, every four years, a big surge in interaction due to the presidential election. However, people, once they start to engage on FaceBook, they find other things to engage about. And for whatever reason, the presidential debate and what is going on in politics, that part's not going away. That part is continuing to see more engagement because there's always something political to discuss.CASONE: Yes. No.FEINSETH: But there are also other aspects to discuss. There's entertainment. There's other current events. There's things people like.CASONE: Yes.FEINSETH: So, FaceBook -- the underlying driver is people connecting with their friends and things about people that -- things they like to talk about. That's the driver of the interaction.At the time, if politics are dominating the -- the headlines, people are talking about that, but they'll talk about other things.CASONE: Yes.FEINSETH: So, yes, they do benefit from election cycles, but they are continuing to benefit from two things, one that advertisers are devoting more and more revenue to digital media and FaceBook and then also Google are beneficiaries of that. And even Microsoft saw strong revenue --CASONE: Yes.FEINSETH: Advertising revenue in their quarter, which helped their -- drive their record quarter.CASONE: Maybe we are going to go back to sharing cat videos and recipes on FaceBook. I mean, you know, we'll have to see what the -- what the -- you know, the year looks like.Jon Hilsenrath, I mean, I just outed myself on what I look at on FaceBook. But, anyway, jump in here because, you know, it is going to be a very different year for this company and they do have that -- Jon, they do have that pressure from Washington. That's not going to let up.JON HILSENRATH, SENIOR WRITER, "THE WALL STREET JOURNAL": Absolutely not. And, you know, I think one of the big questions for FaceBook is -- and the other big tech companies, whether they're allowed to expand through acquisition.One of the questions I wanted to raise with Ivan while we have him on, since we're talking about Tesla, is earnings today is, how did GM and Ford fit into what's going on with Tesla? GM and Ford's share prices are actually way up over the last -- over the last few months. Is that just because interest rates are low or is the market telling us that GM and Ford are getting into this electric vehicle game and have a chance to win it -- at it themselves?FEINSETH: Well, there's no question that General Motors is making a major commitment to electric vehicles. Mary Barra has said from the beginning, first it was 20 for 20, 20 new electric cars for 2020. Now she's going to, I think, 30 new molds for 2023. She is investing $27 billion in EV -- electric vehicle development. I mean GM is going to be the dominant electric vehicle manufacturer. She's partnering with Microsoft to use Edge communication and use their cloud hosting platform to collect and manage data that electric cars will use, especially autonomous vehicle technology, and to the extent now that they have -- you know, not full autonomy, but a lot of enhanced drive safety systems, which will depend on cars communicating with other cars. So they have GM Cruise which Microsoft just invested in.HILSENRATH: Can -- can -- can --CASONE: Jon, real quick.HILSENRATH: So if you're saying GM is going to dominate, is the market missing this because it's Tesla's share price that's gone through the roof? Is there a play here that people are missing that they should be putting their money in GM and not Tesla?FEINSETH: Well, Tesla certainly has gotten a premium valuation for their leadership in electric vehicles and their leadership in technology, their leadership in autonomous technology and as well as other aspects, like solar technology and battery technology. However, General Motors' stock price has finally moved up, recognizing this and we have a strong buy rating.CASONE: Even though it's down -- even though it's down right now today, Ivan?We are actually out of time, but these stocks are under pressure. We're showing them right now.Ivan Feinseth.Ivan, thank you very much.FEINSETH: Thank you.CASONE: We're going to cover all those earnings after the bell on Fox Business.We'll be right back.CASONE: Growing concerns over Americans relationship with China. Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo spoke with Maria about it on "FOX NEWS PRIMETIME."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MIKE POMPEO, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: If you challenge China, we need to be prepared to walk through that fire, we need to be prepared to get it right, and we have a duty, a solemn duty, as does the next administration, to continue to tell the Chinese Communist Party, we're not going to back to what we did. The appeasement policy of the last 40, 50 years of engaging and allowing the Chinese Communist Party to take advantage of the American people and destroy millions of jobs here in America, that's just unacceptable and the United States won't tolerate it.(END VIDEO CLIP)CASONE: Kelly, what do you make of his comments?KELLY JANE TORRANCE, EDITORIAL BOARD MEMBER, "NEW YORK POST": I think Mike Pompeo is right. And I have to say, I was glad to see his successor, who was confirmed yesterday, Tony Blinken, actually told the Senate in his hearing that President Trump was right to take a tougher stance on China.And China, I think, is already testing the Biden administration. Last weekend they sent a dozen bombers and fighter jets into Taiwan air space. On Sunday they sent 15. And the United States responded. They sent a carrier strike group in and said they are protecting the freedom of the seas.So I do hope the Biden administration understands the threat. I think during the campaign, Joe Biden talking about China's not our competitors, they're not bad folks, that was not a good sign.CASONE: Yes.TORRANCE: But I think the people around him understand that threat.CASONE: And speaking of China, Jon, you know, obviously with regards to Jack Ma, there's the Chinese government, right? Jack -- the Jack Ma story shows you that China's government is dangerous.HILSENRATH: Well, so, "The Journal" -- "The Wall Street Journal" is reporting today that Chinese regulators are forcing Jack Ma's Ant Group to restructure.You know, there's -- I think there's a power struggling going on there. Jack Ma has challenged financial regulators in China and they're basically asserting themselves as the boss. And, you know, this is a financial powerhouse, Ali Pay (ph), that he started.CASONE: Yes.HILSENRATH: And so there's the question of how much -- how much they should be regulated. And, you know, Jack Ma is kind of learning that, in China --CASONE: Yes.HILSENRATH: It's the party that's the boss at the end of the day.CASONE: Yes. And President Trump was right. He was right about China. He was.All right, coming up, guys, we've got December durable goods. That's right after the break. Breaking news. Stay with us.CASONE: And welcome back. I'm Cheryl Casone. I'm in for Maria Bartiromo this morning. It is Wednesday, January 27th. We are awaiting December durable goods. We'll get those numbers in just a few moments.We're about an hour away from the opening bell and markets really taking a turn this morning. Here we are in the half hour and the Dow is down 287, the Nasdaq down 111, S&P is down 40.The big story today is Boeing. Boeing stock is weighing on the Dow. The stock sliding about 3 percent on the losses there. It was a big surprise.Let's bring in Jackie DeAngelis with durable goods.Jackie.JACKIE DEANGELIS, FBN CORRESPONDENT: Good morning to you, Cheryl.Well, the durable goods number for December coming in up two-tenths of a percent. That was well below expectations. Looking for an increase of about nine-tenths of a percent here.But, listen, durable goods are only part of the retail sales picture. They're, obviously, they're durables, so they're not replaced as often. They typically last three years or even longer.And the market's been set up for weak retail sale. We saw that in November. We saw that in December. So watching the futures here. The Dow down 280 points, pretty much in line with where it was before this report. But it is a flash point on all of the data that we're watching when it comes to retail, Cheryl.CASONE: And I was looking at the -- at the -- if you take out the transportation numbers, it looks like, and correct me if I'm wrong here, Jackie, up 0.7 if you strip out transportation. So, I mean, I --DEANGELIS: And that's a little better.CASONE: Yes, a little bit better than expected. We needed that. And, again, we're looking at those numbers crossing. And not a big reaction on the Dow. But, again, Boeing, it was a big story this morning.Jackie DeAngelis.Jackie, thank you.DEANGELIS: Sure.CASONE: Let's go ahead and bring in for instant reaction here Moody's Analytics Chief Market Economist John Lonski.And, John, you know, Jackie made a great point about, obviously, the retail picture and the durable goods side of the story. Again, big ticket item and items. But retail sale have been a big market mover in the past couple of months.JOHN LONSKI, CHIEF MARKET ECONOMIST, MOODY'S ANALYTICS: Yes, they have declined for three consecutive months. You know, at the same time, however, we have had increases by manufacturing output that have been quite strong on average. I think roughly almost 1 percent monthly per average. Manufacturing outperforming the rest of the economy, partly because we're restocking deleted inventories. And I -- you know, one thing about this durable goods report that has yet to be mentioned, and that is new orders for non-defense capital equipment, excluding aircraft beat expectations. That particular category was up by six-tenths of a percent. Capital spending continues to shows strength in the economy. Businesses still have confidence in the future. And eventually it's got to bode well for hiring.CASONE: Yes. Yes, well, again, you know, despite that news on Boeing today, I mean we do have a lot of things kind of happening right now with regards to the economy, besides the executive orders coming out of Washington. You've got the Federal Reserve, they're going to be wrapping up their two- day meeting today. This afternoon we'll have the press conference from Jay Powell. Expectation, they're not going to touch rates. I mean I could have told you that a month ago.But it's this $1.9 trillion stimulus deal that seems to be the bigger story. A, I'm wondering if Jay Powell is going to weigh in on that this afternoon when he gets in front of the press. He'll be asked about it.Number two, I want to ask you about what you think his relationship with Janet Yellen is going to be, our new Treasury secretary, going forward.LONSKI: Yes, first of all, I think that Jay Powell is going to approve of this massive fiscal stimulus program. Jay Powell has indicated time and again that the Feds primary goal is the achievement of full employment, which is perhaps best defined today as roughly an unemployment rate the 3.5 percent, where it was back in February of last year, just before COVID-19 struck.Yellen and Powell, great relationship. That's what I see. You know, I look at Janet Yellen as being perhaps the best cabinet secretary yet appointed by President Biden. I think that she is going to be a star in that particular cabinet and help, you know, with her guidance, with her knowledge and leadership, help lead us out of this COVID-19 related slump.CASONE: Yes. Yes.Kelly, get into this conversation because, obviously, the stimulus package is a big story. I know you've been following that. But also just the weakness in the economy. We need the economy to grow, Kelly.TORRANCE: Well, and -- exactly, Cheryl. And, you know, I prefer to see governors open up states to get people working again and moving the economy again rather than stimulus, of course.But, you know, my question to John, I mean, can -- can this be -- how long can we keep this up? David Kudler (ph) was on the show earlier today and, you know, talked about, could there be a taper tantrum. And, you know, eventually I think they'll have to ease off. But when and how much -- how long can we sustain this sort of situation where we have the Fed really bolstering stocks and the economy, which otherwise would be doing pretty, pretty poorly right now?LONSKI: Yes, this can't go on forever. And at some point the Federal Reserve will allow Treasury bond yields to move higher. You know, that point in time may depend on the extent to which the market is going to tolerate both a very expansionary fiscal policy and an ultra-accommodative monetary policy. Conceivably, we could reach a point where global investors get nervous about dollar denominated assets. They begin to dump the dollar. The dollar exchange rate then sinks. And in order to curb an unwanted or end an unwanted depreciation of the dollar, the Fed allows Treasury bond yields to move higher.CASONE: Yes. The dollar is weaker than my knees from running for 20 years.I can't have a conversation about the Fed without bringing in Jon Hilsenrath.And, again, I know we talked about it earlier, Jon, but we do have this meeting -- this conclusion of the meeting this afternoon. And, again, this new relationship, we've got to talk about it.HILSENRATH: Yes. No, I think -- I think John is absolutely right about the relationship between Jay Powell at the Fed and Janet Yellen at the Treasury. You know, they were next-door neighbors for a while when Powell first came to the Fed several years ago. His office was right next to Yellen's. And, you know, they have a good relationship.Not only that, they're on the same page right now. They both, again, as John Lonski just said, they're both very eager to get that unemployment rate back down to the 4 percent or sub 4 percent level. And the question I have for John is, what's the risk that they overdo it? So we're seeing stock prices going way up, we're seeing, you know, real estate home prices just reported the other day, up 10 percent in the last year. Is there a risk that all this money getting pumped into the system through the Fed and the Treasury is going to create some new speculative bubble that ends up, you know, since we're talking about Cheryl's knees, taking our knee out from under us?LONSKI: Yes, you know, we, right now, arguably, have stock price inflation, we have real estate price inflation, we have industrial commodity price inflation, except for maybe oil. And you have to wonder whether or not there is going to spread through entire economy. It may not happen in 2021, but there is a risk. You know, given now, with all the fiscal stimulus, believe it or not we have the fastest expansion of the money supply, I believe, since 1950, 1951. And this could lead to an unwanted spread or acceleration of consumer price inflation that pushes like bond yields much higher than where they are today. And when that happens, you are going to get one heck of a sell-off in the equity market and perhaps a lot of dislocations in the corporate credit markets and the mortgage market. You've got to be concerned. There may be a price to pay.CASONE: I'm hoping somebody --LONSKI: The difference -- where we are today versus the '70s --CASONE: Yes.LONSKI: "70s, we had much less global competition. There was no such thing as competition from China. And moreover, we have an aging workforce and an aging population. And I think that would tend to limit the ability of inflation to move higher and higher and higher as it did in the 1970s.CASONE: Well, I -- you know what I'm worried about is 2007, John, that's what I was going to say. If you want to see inflation, we're seeing inflation in the housing market. And nobody wants to see another housing bubble, nobody wants to go through the great recession again.LONSKI: Yes.CASONE: And that's the one spot I'm seeing inflation. And I know someone's going to ask them about it today during that press conference. So we'll have that, obviously, live in the afternoon here.LONSKI: That's right, Chery.CASONE: John Lonski.John, it's great to see you.LONSKI: Same here.CASONE: All right.Well, coming up, we're going to switch gears here.Are you preparing for marriage? Do you have a prenup? Well, we're going to tell you how millennials are putting a modern spin on the old school prenup.Plus, man's best friend getting an upgrade. This robot dog can do a lot more than play fetch. That's making a buzz this morning.And do not forget to catch Maria Bartiromo tonight the Fox News Channel. She is hosting "FOX NEWS PRIMETIME" at 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time. She's there all week long. Do not miss it.You're watching MORNINGS WITH MARIA live on Fox Business.CASONE: Millennials have been known to take the non-traditional way in life, which is now extending to prenup agreements. More younger couples are looking to address the economic and social issues of their time and generation.Kristina Partsinevelos has more on that story.Kristina, good morning.KRISTINA PARTSINEVELOS, FBN CORRESPONDENT: Good morning, Cheryl.Like you mentioned, we know millennials, a lot of older people like to make fun of millennials saying that they're tying a lot -- the knot much later in life and living in their parents' basement. But one of the things they are doing is many of them are starting prenups. And like you mentioned, not just your regular run-of-the-mill prenups. These are prenups that address social and economic issues like student debt or even embryo ownership.So, as we know, and this is the latest research from Pew, millennials are trying the knot much later in life. Forty-four percent of millennials back in 2019 tied the knot versus gen-xers, they were at 53 percent when they were the same age. And then you had 61 percent of boomers. So definitely a discrepancy.And part of that reason could also be the high level of debts for millennials. According to a Fidelity Investment survey, in 2020 millennials had an average loan balance of $52,000. So, millennials, those that do opt to get married, are looking at these creative and very different prenups. And it's not just about protecting your assets, it's also about keeping separate finances, social use (ph) social media use, as well as pet care.Listen in.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)EMILY POLLOCK, PARTNER, KASOWITZ BENSON TORRES LLP: Millennials are getting married on average at a later age, which means that even if there wasn't family wealth that they would be bringing into this marriage or concerns about trusts or their inheritance issues, they've already accumulated a nest egg of their own frequently and so there's much more of a personal investment in protecting that.(END VIDEO CLIP)PARTSINEVELOS: Prenups are no longer just for the rich and famous. It allows -- it's becoming less stigmatized and allows both parties to have more control over their financial future.Back to you.CASONE: Social media use, Kristina in a prenup?PARTSINEVELOS: Yes, social media uses is in there.CASONE: OK.PARTSINEVELOS: Especially if you have a pet and you share the account.CASONE: I know people that got divorced and fought over the dog, but in the pre -- OK, well, all right, good stuff.Kristina, thank you very much.Kristina Partsinevelos.PARTSINEVELOS: Thank you.CASONE: I want to bring in -- this is great -- family law attorney and former host of Bravo's "Untying the Knot," Vikki Ziegler.Vikki, good morning.VIKKI ZIEGLER, FAMILY LAW ATTORNEY: Good morning, Cheryl.CASONE: What do you make of what Kristina just said about pets and social media use in a prenup? I mean are you seeing these kinds of things out there right now?ZIEGLER: Absolutely. She's spot-on. I have to tell you, the millennials, the ages of 22 to 38, are seeing that they've -- their parents have gone through an acrimonious divorce. They don't want to go through it. They want to save the little assets that they have getting into the marriage. They want to make sure that if they bring their pets, their cat or the dog or their snake into this marriage, that in the event that they get divorced, their spouse isn't going to have that pet or even see that pet for parenting.So I have to be honest with you, I am seeing more and more of this with the younger generation. And it's fascinating when you talk about the social media clauses. What's going on now, which didn't happen when I first started practicing 22 years ago, was that you can, with a couple key strokes, have your reputation ruined, right, or a picture posted where you're -- you have no career. Here we're putting clauses in that you cannot disparage or besmirch the other person or post any pictures that are unflattering unless they agree by consent.And this is happening routinely in most prenups that I'm drafting.CASONE: That is amazing to me. I mean back in the day I thought it was just about the finances, about the debt. And Kristina had mentioned that, you know, about the fact that people are coming in with more debt, the millennial generation.So what is the must have conversation?ZIEGLER: Listen, the must have conversation is, what we have before the marriage is going to be mine. But what happens if I have an asset that grows. Is that appreciation going to be subject to distribution? How are we going to pay those expenses? Are you going to stay home, are you going to have children, and can you have children, because many people are obviously freezing their eggs and that becomes a litigious point as well. So people are putting that in their prenuptial agreements as well.And I think understanding the difference between entering into a prenup before you get married and then figuring out what's going to happen during the marriage with those assets and debts is really crucial to creating a strong marital foundation. And also talking about, God forbid, one person passes away, what happens, do you want the other person to inherit your assets, part of your assets?And the goals for prenup, Cheryl, is really this, you don't want the state law to dictate you're your assets get devised in the event of divorce. You want to be able to dictate that. And you also want to spend a lot of -- you don't want to spend a lot of time and money on lawyers fighting about it. So why don't you talk about those difficult subjects now so that in the event it doesn't work, you can peacefully divorce with dignity and move on with the money you had before you got into the marriage.CASONE: But, you know, a lot of people really have a hard time having the conversation about getting a prenup in the first place, Vikki. I mean, you know, it's like, OK, well, I'm just setting myself up for divorce if I have this talk before I get married. What would you say to that person?ZIEGLER: Right. I debate this issue all the time. I strongly disagree because I think it helps the couple understand the -- the do's and don't's, the wants that they have, their assets with respect to money. You know, people don't talk about these things. They focus and spend all this money on one day, the wedding, but not their future. And a prenuptial agreement doesn't have to excise anybody and say you're not getting any marital finances and you're not getting any assets during the marriage. All it says is, here is what we both agreed to. we're on the same page moving forward. Because things happen. People get sick. Medical bills pile up. Additional debts are created and you want to have those conversation and identify them in a document so that you don't have to fight about them in the future. So I think most people, even if you have debt and no assets, should discuss and think about a prenuptial agreement before getting married.CASONE: Yes. It's a really tough conversation. Still trying to get over this social media and dogs and cats fight of the prenup. But as a pet owner, I actually get it. But the social media, that was interesting.Vikki Ziegler, it's great to see you. I always loved watching you on Bravo. So thank you for being here today.ZIEGLER: Oh, thanks. Thanks, Chery.CASONE: Yes.ZIEGLER: My dog's underneath me right now sleeping.CASONE: Oh. And not barking. That's a good dog.Vikki --ZIEGLER: Take care.CASONE: Vikki, thank you so much. Good to have you.All right, well, let's stay with animals, but in a different way. The buzz this morning is on man's best friend getting an upgrade. We're going to show you the new robot dog using AI. It does a lot more than play fetch. I don't think we would argue on the prenup on this one.CASONE: It is time for the "Morning Buzz" and it's man's best friend in robot form,Koda has unveiled an electronic dog using AI that can have social interactions with people. It detects when an owner is happy or sad, respond to mood changes.So, Jon, it costs about $45,000, maybe $55,000, but it won't wake you up at night to go out.HILSENRATH: You know, it's amazing that they've got technology that can do this. And I have two dogs, Barkley and Jax, and I would love to program them not to bark at squirrels and airplanes. But when push comes to shove, those two dogs like to curl up on a couch with me and watch football and I'll take that over a robot dog any day.CASONE: OK, so love and cuddles over a robotic dog. OK.HILSENRATH: Yes.CASONE: Point taken, Jon, and I agree with you, for the record.So this is interesting. This is kind of fun. This will maybe brighten your day today. It's not often that a blizzard hits Tucson, Arizona. And the elephants at the Reed (ph) Park Zoo could not resist playing in the show. Best video of the day. Even the baby, which is named Penzi (ph), got a running start before sliding around on the snow-covered dirt. Hello, baby.Kelly, I mean, I just -- this is what I just love, actually animals, real ones, Kelly.TORRANCE: Me, too, Cheryl. I have a cat.Aren't those elephants adorable? You know, I have to say, I grew up in Alberta, Canada. I got more than my fair share of snow growing up. But I still find snow delightful. You know it showed a bit here in New York City yesterday and, you know, it still has that magical quality to me. And, you know, that's why we talk about having a white Christmas. I think there's just something about it. And it's great that not just humans find it magical, but animals too. Definitely we needed that video to brighten our day, I think, this week with some of the bad news we're getting.CASONE: Yes. Well, to Jon -- to Jon's point earlier about FaceBook and videos and, you know, maybe you do go to FaceBook for, you know, animals videos and viral -- but this did go viral and I think we're --TORRANCE: Make up for the (INAUDIBLE).CASONE: Us showing it I think points out why it went viral. It's amazing.All right, guys, stay right there.More MORNINGS WITH MARIA live on Fox Business right after this.CASONE: We are about a half hour from the opening bell and your "Morning Move" is Walgreen Boots Alliance. The stock jumping after naming Rosalind Brewer as the new CEO. She was former Starbuck's chief operating officer. She helped revive sales during the pandemic and is now making history as the first black woman to run a Fortune 500 company. That stock up almost 5 percent.Jon Hilsenrath and Kelly Torrance, great to have you both. Final thoughts.Jon, first to you.HILSENRATH: Gamestop is my favorite story of the day. It's a battle between retail investor and big money hedge funds. And I think we should just keep watching that one.CASONE: It is a wild story and it's created a lot of controversy, I should say, on Wall Street.Kelly, final thoughts to you?TORRANCE: Yes, I'm glad we had that laid-off Keystone worker on. You know, I'm from Alberta, Canada. And it's not just those direct jobs that are being lost. It's the people supplying the work wear and safety gear. It's the pop-up, you know, restaurants and things that go to the camps to feed these people.CASONE: Yes.TORRANCE: It's more than just those jobs. It's a huge effect and I'm glad we're highlighting that.CASONE: It was heartbreaking to talk to him and I really wish him luck. Guys, thanks to both of you.That does it for me "VARNEY & COMPANY" right now.Load-Date: January 27, 2021End of Document

China denies coercive birth control measures in XinjiangAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 11, 2021 Monday 7:53 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; POLITICAL NEWSLength: 654 wordsDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) — A Chinese official on Monday denied Beijing has imposed coercive birth control measures among Muslim minority women, following an outcry over a tweet by the Chinese Embassy in Washington claiming that government polices had freed women of the Uighur ethnic group from being “baby-making machines.”Xu Guixiang, a deputy spokesperson for the Xinjiang regional government, told reporters Monday that birth control decisions were made of the person’s own free will and that “no organization or individual can interfere.”“The growth rate of the Uighur population is not only higher than that of the whole Xinjiang population, but also higher than that of the minority population, and more significantly higher than that of the (Chinese majority) Han population," Xu said. “As for the so-called forcing ethnic minority women in Xinjiang to wear IUDs, or undergo tubal ligations or abortions, it is even more malign.”An Associated Press investigation in June found that the Chinese government was forcing draconian birth control measures on Uighurs, Kazakhs, and other ethnic minorities in Xinjiang, including IUD fittings, contraceptives, and even abortions and sterilizations.The measures are backed by the threat of detention, with parents with three or more children swept into camps and prisons if they’re unable to pay massive fines. As a result, the birth rate in Xinjiang’s minority regions plummeted by over 60% in just three years, even as Beijing eases birth restrictions on the Han population ahead of a looming demographic crisis.Twitter took down the Chinese Embassy's Jan. 7 tweet following protests by groups that accuse Beijing of seeking to eradicate Uighur culture. Users complained the tweet was a violation of rules set by Twitter, which is blocked in China along with Facebook and other American social media platforms.“China’s fascist government is now openly admitting and celebrating its use of concentration camps, forced labor, forced sterilizations and abortions, and other forms of torture to eliminate an ethnic and religious minority," Nihad Awad, national executive director of The Council on American-Islamic Relations, said in an emailed statement.China has been waging a years-long campaign against what it calls terrorism and religious fanaticism in Xinjiang and the embassy's tweet referenced those polices, saying: “Study shows that in the process of eradicating extremism, the minds of Uygur women in Xinjiang were emancipated and gender equality and reproductive health were promoted, making them no longer baby-making machines."The tweet cited a study by Li Xiaoxia, a Xinjiang Academy of Social Sciences researcher who has asserted that the birth control measures in Xinjiang are voluntary.Li’s papers in past years laid the theoretical foundations for justifying mass birth control measures. In one 2017 paper, Li said having many children was a sign of “religious extremism and ethnic separatism.” Li worried that predominantly minority districts were breeding grounds for terrorism, calling it “a big political risk.”Monday's news conference was the latest attempt by Beijing to deflect rising international criticism over its policies in Xinjiang, particularly over alleged forced labor and the detention of more than 1 million Uighurs, Kazakhs and others in prison-like centers for political indoctrination. China says the centers are intended to combat extremism and teach job skills, but former residents and rights groups say they target Islam and minority languages and culture.Elijan Anayat, another regional government spokesperson, said all those at the centers had “graduated" as of October 2019, countering reports that China continues to expand the system.“With the help of the government, they have achieved stable employment, improved the quality of life and lived a normal life,” Anayat said. “At present, there is no education and training center in Xinjiang.”Load-Date: January 11, 2021End of Document

British Foreign Secretary Issues Statement on Human Rights Situation in Xinjiang, ChinaTargeted News ServiceMarch 24, 2021 Wednesday 7:20 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 992 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: LONDON, England BodyThe British Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office issued the following statement to the House of Commons on March 22, 2021, by Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab on the human rights situation in Xinjiang, China:* * *Mr Speaker, with permission I would like to make a statement about the treatment of the Uyghur Muslims in Xinjiang.This is one of the worst human rights crises of our time and I believe the evidence is clear, as it is sobering. It includes satellite imagery; survivor testimony; official documentation and indeed leaks from the Chinese government itself; credible open source reporting, including from Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International; visits by British diplomats to the region that have corroborated other reports about the targeting of specific ethnic groups.In sum, the evidence points to a highly disturbing program of repression. Expressions of religion have been criminalised; Uyghur language and culture discriminated against on a systematic scale; there is widespread use of forced labour; women forcibly sterilised; children separated from their parents; an entire population subject to surveillance, including collection of DNA, use of facial recognition software, and so-called 'predictive policing' algorithms.State control in the region is systemic: over a million people have been detained without trial; there are widespread claims of torture and rape in the camps, based on first-hand survivor testimony. People are detained for having too many children; for praying too much; for having a beard or wearing a head scarf; for having the wrong thoughts.I'm sure the whole House will join with me in condemning such appalling violations of the most basic human rights. In terms of scale, it is the largest mass detention of an ethnic or religious group since the Second World War, and I believe one thing is clear - the international community cannot simply look the other way.Mr Speaker, it has been 2 and a half years since the UN Committee for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination called on China to stop arbitrarily detaining Uyghurs and other minorities in the Xinjiang province.And it's over 18 months since the UK led the first-ever joint UN statement on Xinjiang, at the General Assembly's Third Committee back in October 2019.The number of countries now willing to speak out collectively has grown from just 23 to 39, as the evidence has accumulated and as our diplomatic efforts have borne fruit. And this is a clear signal to China about the breadth of international concern.Last year, 50 independent UN experts spoke out about the situation in an exceptional joint statement calling on China to respect basic human rights.Last month, at the Human Rights Council, I led the calls on China to give the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Michelle Bachelet, or some other fact-finding expert, urgent, unfettered access to Xinjiang. Since then, Ms Bachelet herself has reinforced in the clearest terms the need for independent access to verify the deteriorating situation.Mr Speaker, we regret that, instead of recognising those calls from the international community, China has simply sought to deny them. The Chinese authorities have claimed that the legitimate concerns raised are 'fake news'.At the same time, the authorities continue to expand prison facilities, surveillance networks, and forced labour programmes.And China continues to resist access to the UN or other independent experts, to verify the truth, notwithstanding their blanket denials.For the UK's part, our approach has been to call out these egregious, industrial scale human rights abuses, work with our international partners, and ultimately match words with actions.So, in January, I announced a package of measures to help ensure that no British organisations, government or private sector, deliberately or inadvertently, can profit from human rights violations against the Uyghurs or other minorities, and that no businesses connected with the internment camps can do business in the UK.Today we are taking further steps, again in coordination with our international partners. Having very carefully considered the evidence against the criteria in our global human rights sanctions regime, I can tell the House today that I am designating 4 senior individuals responsible for the violations that have taken place - and persist - against the Uyghur Muslims in Xinjiang.Alongside these individuals, we are also designating the Public Security Bureau of the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps. That's the organization responsible for enforcing the repressive security policies across many areas of Xinjiang.The sanctions involve travel bans and asset freezes against individuals, an asset freeze against the entity we're designating. The individuals are barred from entering the UK. Any assets found in the UK will be frozen.We take this action alongside the EU, the US and Canada, who are all taking similar measures today. And I think it's clear that by acting with our partners, 30 of us in total, we're sending the clearest message to the Chinese Government that the international community will not turn a blind eye to such serious and systematic violations of basic human rights and that we will act, in concert, to hold those responsible to account.As the Prime Minister set out in the Integrated Review last week, China is an important partner in tackling global challenges like climate change. We pursue a constructive dialogue where that proves possible.But we will always stand up for our values, and in the face of evidence of such serious human rights violations, we will not look the other way. The suffering of the Uyghur Muslims in Xinjiang cannot be ignored. Human rights violations on this scale cannot be ignored.Together with our partners, we call on China to end these cruel practices, and I commend this statement to the House.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7430983 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 24, 2021End of Document

China Education Market 2021 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2026iCrowdNewswire (English)February 18, 2021 Thursday 11:00 AM GMTCopyright 2021 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1421 wordsBodyEducation In China Market Description The ancient education of China began in the Chinese classical works, rather than religious organizations. In Chinese history, clearly documented school for formal teaching began in Xia Dynasty (c. 2100-1600 B.C.). Since the beginning of 21st Century, the Chinese government gave priority to education and put forward the strategic policy ... Continue reading China Education Market 2021 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2026Education In China MarketDescriptionThe ancient education of China began in the Chinese classical works, rather than religious organizations. In Chinese history, clearly documented school for formal teaching began in Xia Dynasty (c. 2100-1600 B.C.). Since the beginning of 21st Century, the Chinese government gave priority to education and put forward the strategic policy of  revitalizing the nation through science and education . Deepening educational system reform, strengthening quality education, and adhering to make nine-year compulsory education universal and eliminating illiteracy are the most important tasks of education.The Chinese education system follows a specific pattern where early childhood education (pre-primary) is followed by primary school (Elementary school), middle school, secondary school (High school), and post-secondary (Tertiary) education. There are two major examinations for students undergoing school education in China, Zhongkao and Gaokao. Students begin their nine-year compulsory education at about six years old, and they progress through elementary school and junior high school over the following nine years. At the end of Grade Nine, all students are required to take Zhongkao, which is the cumulative assessment of this nine-year education period and is the entrance examination for senior high school.The overall growth of the industry will be driven by rising responsiveness of people towards the benefits of early education and continuing education and growing demand for online teaching methods. The trends observed in China regarding the education industry are growing access to internet and declining rates of young population. While on one side, internet opens up the opportunities to grab overseas education, simultaneously it poses a threat to domestic educational institutions. Another challenge faced by the industry is declining rate of young population reflected by the fact that enrollments in primary and secondary education have been declining since 2007.The report,  China Education Industry  analyzes the prevailing condition of the industry along with its major segments including pre-primary, primary, K-12, post-secondary and adult/continuing education. Chinese domestic and international education market along with specific dependence on the US education as well as the market dynamics of the Chinese education industry are being presented in this report. The major players, TAL Education, TARENA International, China Distance Education Holding and New Oriental have being profiled and compared, along with their key financials and strategies for growth.Request for Sample Report @https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1615744-china-education-industry-report-2016-editionTable of Content1. China Education System1.1 Overview1.1.1 Ancient Education1.1.2 Modern Education1.2 Educational Milestones1.3 Classification1.3.1 Pre School Education1.3.2 Primary & Secondary Education1.3.3 Higher Education1.3.4 Adult or Continuing Education2. China Education Industry Analysis-Market Segments-Student Enrollment-Education Spending-Literacy Rates-Cost Breakdown2.1 Domestic Industry Analysis-No. of Kindergartens-Enrollment by Segment-Higher Education GraduatesTechnical/Vocation Education-Tutoring Classes-Professional Market2.2 International Industry Analysis-International Schools by Provinces-Share of International Students-Comparison of Cost of Studying Abroad-Schools for Foreign Children in China  Courses Offered by International Schools-Chinese Students Abroad2.2.1 The US  Chinese Students in the US-Migration by Field of Study2.3 Online Education Analysis-Online Market Value: Actual & Forecasted-Online Market Volume: Actual & Forecasted-Market Segmentation-Educational ToolsLeave a Query @https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1615744-china-education-industry-report-2016-edition3. Market Dynamics3.1 Reforming Education Structure3.2 Growing Internet Access3.3 Mergers and Acquisitions3.4 Demographic Changes4. Competitive Landscape-Competitor Matrix-Market Capitalization-Centre Expansion-ASP per Enrollment-Centres in Beijing-Professional Market Share5. Company Profiles5.1 China Distance Education Holdings Ltd.5.1.1 Business Overview5.1.2 Financial Overview5.1.3 Business Strategies5.2 TAL Education Group5.2.1 Business Overview5.2.2 Financial Overview5.2.3 Business Strategies5.3 TARENA International, Inc.5.3.1 Business Overview5.3.2 Financial Overview5.3.3 Business Strategies5.4 New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc.5.4.1 Business Overview5.4.2 Financial Overview5.4.3 Business StrategiesList of ChartsSchool-age Population by Education Level (2014)Total Student Enrollment in China (2007-2015E)Literacy Rates in China in Age Group 15-24 Years (1990-2015)Education Spending in China as % of Disposable Income (2008-2013)Pupil / Teacher Ratio (2006-2013)China Education Industry by Cost Breakdown (2014)Average Annual Salary by Education Degree (2014)Number of Kindergartens in China (2007-2014)Student Enrollment in 30 Largest K-12 Tuition Markets (2007-2015E)New Entrants into Education (2010-2014)Higher Education Graduates in China (2009-2015E)Technical and Vocational Education & Training (TVET) Enrollments in Tertiary Education (2006-2014E)Extra-curricular Tutoring Classes (2009/2014)China Professional Education Market by Value (2010-2015E)Breakdown of Chinese Professional Education Market (2014)Provincial Distribution of International Schools in China   Top 10 (2014)China's Share of Internationally Mobile Students (2001/2014)China as Host to International Universities (August 2015)Average Annual Cost YoY Change of Studying Abroad for International Students (2012/13 and 2013/14 School Year)Buy Now @https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1615744Continued Read Other Reports from our Database :https://icrowdnewswire.com/2021/01/15/motion-simulation-software-market-2021-industry-size-share-price-trend-and-forecast-to-2026/https://icrowdnewswire.com/2021/01/15/e-waste-management-market-size-share-outlook-and-global-opportunity-analysis-2021-2026/https://icrowdnewswire.com/2021/01/15/automotive-head-up-display-hud-market-2021-key-players-global-trend-industry-size-share-price-and-opportunities-forecast-to-2026/https://icrowdnewswire.com/2021/01/15/water-treatment-chemicals-and-technology-market-2021-industry-size-share-price-trend-and-forecast-to-2026/https://icrowdnewswire.com/2021/01/15/implantable-biomaterials-market-2021-key-players-global-trend-industry-size-share-price-and-opportunities-forecast-to-2026/About the Author :Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. We also provide COTS (Commercial off the Shelf) business sector reports as custom exploration agreeing your particular needs.Tags:Global Education Industry,Global Education Size,Education Sales Market,Education Consumption Market,Education Price,Education Market  Analysis,Global  Education Market  Share,Education Growth,Global Education Market  Trends,Education Market  Trends,Education Industry Trends,Education Prospectus,Education Manufacturers,Education Segmentation,Education Market Growth,Education Market Forecast,Education Market Trend,Education Market Share,Education Market Size,Education Industry,Education,Education MarketSee Campaign:https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1615744-china-education-industry-report-2016-editionContact Information:Wiseguy Research Consultants infi@wiseguyreports.com sales@wiseguyreports.com +442035002763 +6282580070Tags:,iCN Internal Distribution,Research Newswire,EnglishLoad-Date: February 18, 2021End of Document

LinkedIn suspends new sign-ups in ChinaCNN WireMarch 11, 2021 Thursday 9:46 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 502 wordsByline: By Laura He, CNN BusinessDateline: (CNN) Body             LinkedIn - one of the few Western social media networks available in China - has suspended new sign-ups in the country, but said the decision has nothing to do with a recent cyberattack on parent company Microsoft.Microsoft revealed last week that a group called Hafnium exploitedits Exchange emailservice and was able to gain access to computers. The company saidthe group was "assessed to be state-sponsored and operating out of China."A LinkedIn spokesperson said its decision was unrelated to the hack. The social media platform, which is used by professionals, was suspending new member sign-ups for LinkedIn China "as we work to ensure we remain in compliance with local law," it said in a statement."We're a global platform with an obligation to respect the laws that apply to us, including adhering to Chinese government regulations for our localized version of LinkedIn in China," LinkedIn added.The company declined to elaborate on which local law it was examining.A US official recently told CNN that as many as 250,000 Microsoft customers were hit by the Exchange attack, and the White House has deemed it an "active threat." Beijing has pushed back on the allegations that it is involved, warning last week that linking such attacks "directly to the government" is a "highly sensitive political issue" that shouldn't be based on "unprovoked guesses."Fallout from the hack - and the apparently unrelated LinkedIn suspension - have been hotly discussed in Chinese state media in recent days. The Global Times, a hawkish state-owned tabloid, cited "Chinese experts" in a report earlier this week saying that the Biden administration threatens to "poison relations between the two countries" after reports indicated that the US government wanted to form a task force to deal with the hack.The Global Times also criticized Western media on Wednesday for attempting to characterize the LinkedIn decision as "punishment" for Microsoft. Citing "industry observers," the publication called such links an "act to politicize internet security issues.""Every foreign company operating in China must abide by Chinese laws and respect the feelings of Chinese people," the article read.Microsoft has a long history in China, having entered the market in 1992. Its software is widely used by the Chinese government and companies, and its Bing search engine is also operational, while Google has been cut out for years.Analysts have said the hack incident is unlikely to affect how Microsoft operates in China in the longer term, as the American tech giant has rolled out plans to expand its presence and double its cloud service capacity in the coming years.LinkedIn has been available in China since 2014. Its presence in China, where it has more than 45 million users, is notable because many other Western social networks, including Facebook and Twitter, are blocked.                      By Laura He, CNN Business         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 18, 2021End of Document

China announces more sanctions against US and CanadaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 28, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 434 wordsBodyBEIJING (AP) - China on Saturday announced new sanctions against officials from the United States and Canada, in a growing political and economic dispute over their policies in the mostly Muslim region of Xinjiang.A statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the head of the Commission on International Religious Freedom, Gayle Manchin, will be prohibited from visiting mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau and having dealings with Chinese financial institutions.Commission Vice President Tony Perkins was also included on the sanctions list, along with Canadian MP Michael Chong and Parliament's Subcommittee on International Human Rights.China has strongly rejected allegations of human rights violations in Xinjiang and launched boycott calls and other sanctions against foreign firms, including the retail chain H&M; and Nike, as well as penalties against foreign officials and activists that Beijing says spread falsehoods about its policies toward Uighurs and other Muslim groups in Xinjiang."They must cease political manipulation on Xinjiang-related matters, stop interfering in China's internal affairs in any way, and refrain from continuing on the wrong path. Otherwise, they will burn their fingers," the chancellor's statement said.China announced sanctions Friday against British officials and H&M; products were withdrawn from Chinese portals because of their opposition to buying cotton from Xinjiang. The communist party's youth league launched attacks Wednesday against H&M; following the European Union's decision to join the United States, Britain and Canada in imposing sanctions on Chinese officials accused of abuse in Xinjiang.More than 1 million members of the Uighur minority and other predominantly Muslim groups have been confined to detention camps in Xinjiang, according to foreign governments and investigators. Local authorities are accused of imposing forced labour and birth control.The Chinese government rejects allegations of abuse and claims that camps are for job training to support economic development and combat radical Islamism.Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said China's decision to sanction a conservative opposition lawmaker as well as a parliamentary subcommittee is an attack on free speech on human rights abuses in the Xinjiang region."China's sanctions are an attack on transparency and freedom of expression, values at the heart of our democracy," Trudeau said on Twitter.Michael Chong, the opposition's conservative foreign critic who was sanctioned, said Saturday to have a duty to manifest China's "genocide" against Islamic Uighurs.Load-Date: March 29, 2021End of Document

China: Why users burn and boycott Nike or H&M productsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 26, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 636 wordsBodyThe call for boycott on Chinese social media following Xinjiang's rejection of cotton from foreign clothing brands has caused Nike and Adidas to lose advertising contracts, H&M to be vetoed from virtual platforms, and Hugo Boss to ensure that he will continue to "buy and support" him.The campaign began on March 25 in Weibo, known as the 'Chinese Twitter', following a sanctions crossing between China and several Western countries in account of alleged human rights violations and forced labour that, according to some reports rejected by the Chinese government, take place in that region.The League of Communist Youth was the one that ignited the fuse and the Swedish brand H&M, the main objective: the fact that the communiqué in which it rejected the use of cotton from Xinjiang dated September 2020 did not prevent it from becoming now the target of anger on China's heavily censored social networks.The company's store can no longer be accessed on the country's major e-commerce platforms and its physical establishments have disappeared from The Baidu and Didi maps, equivalents of Google and Uber in China, respectively. They are all private companies.This pressure on social media, which has been joined by spokespersons from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and organizations in the country's textile and consumer sectors, has also contributed more than thirty actors and other famous Chinese, who have broken their advertising contracts with various foreign companies such as Nike, Adidas or Burberry.Even, As Insider reports, several users are burning products from Nike and other brands. Some of these videos were republished more than 100,000 times. "I burned all my Nikes. This is a source of national pride. We will not be humiliated," wrote one user with the identification Xuanxuan Mingying.Hugo Boss buys and supports Xinjiang cottonSome international firms have already sought to protect themselves from the Chinese boycott with communiqués in addition to a campaign titled "I support Xinjiang cotton."In Weibo, Hugo Boss's official account released a statement last night in which he notes: "Xinjiang cotton is one of the best in the world. (...) We will continue to buy and support Xinjiang cotton."The brand went further and stated that it always "defends China's sovereignty and territorial integrity with determination," a mention that aligns the message with Beijing's approach to Xinjiang, which ensures that its policies in the area are part of the "fight against separatist terrorism."For its part, in a similar statement, the Japanese brand Asics indicated that its local supply chains include cotton from Xinjiang, that they will continue to "buy and support" it, and that the company "strongly opposes" all "actions of defamation and spread of rumors about China".10% of Hugo Boss's worldwide sales come from China, a country it considers a "key priority", while in the case of Asics the figure stands at 12%.Another international brand that was pronounced was FILA, whose local division - controlled since 2009 by Chinese manufacturer ANTA Sports - defended the use of Xinjiang cotton and announced its withdrawal from the Best Cotton Initiative (BCI), the world's largest organization dedicated to the sustainability and good working practices of this material.In October, BCI announced that it was suspending its certification for Xinjiang cotton for the 2020-2021 campaign in a statement that no longer appears on its website. However, his delegation in China said this month that no case of forced labour had been found in the region for eight years.This morning, among the ten most discussed topics on Weibo were: "Why Xinjiang Cotton Is Important," "How Much Impact The Loss of the Chinese Market will Have on (foreign) brands" and "I support Xinjiang cotton."With EFE information.Load-Date: March 27, 2021End of Document

Facebook warned about cyberattack from China against UighursCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 25, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 470 wordsBodyFacebook said Wednesday that it broke down china's hackers' efforts to spy on Uighur minority supporters living outside China.A group of well-resourced hackers in China targeted hundreds of activists, journalists and Uighur dissidents living abroad, trying to trick them into linking malicious code-cheating websites, according to the social network."This group used various cyberespionage tactics to identify their targets and infect their devices with malware to enable surveillance," Facebook's head of cyberespionage research, Mike Dvilyanski, and head of security policy, Nathaniel Gleicher, said in a blog post."This activity had the characteristics of a well-resourced and persistent operation."The main objectives were Xinjiang Uighurs (China) who now live in Australia, Canada, Kazakhstan, Syria, Turkey, the United States and other countries, according to Facebook.The cyberespionage campaign consisted of attracting targets to websites outside the social network where malicious programs could be introduced into their mobile phones, executives said in informing journalists.Hackers created fake facebook accounts by posing as journalists, activists, or others who sympathize with the Uighur community, so that like-minded people would participate in the posts."The tactic was to build trust and then use it as a way to trick them into clicking on these links to expose their devices," Gleicher said in the briefing.On Monday, the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada sanctioned Chinese officials for the repression of the Uighur minority, a gesture that provoked an immediate reaction from Beijing, which in turn sanctioned European legislators and academics.The EU began in the morning this wave of coordinated restrictive measures, which increase pressure on Beijing, with the publication in its Official Journal of the names of four officials from the Sinkiang Chinese Autonomous Region, which it sanctioned.The sanctions adopted by the chancellors of the 27 European countries, meeting in Brussels, are the first that the bloc has adopted against Chinese officials since the bloody crackdown on Tiananmen Square in 1989.The Chinese government immediately published a list of 10 European citizens, including parliamentarians, and four sanctioned entities, in retaliation for "gross interference" in eu internal affairs, according to the Chinese chancellery.With AFP informationREAD ON:The European Union agreed to apply sanctions to China for human rights abuses by the Uighur minorityInternational human rights expert group denounced China committing genocide against UighursWhy the Chinese regime's persecution of Uighurs is a crime against humanity"We had to recite our thanks to Xi Jinping before every meal": A Uighur mother revealed what a Chinese "re-education" field is likeLoad-Date: March 27, 2021End of Document

Clubhouse targeted by censors in China after users discuss policyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 9, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1476 wordsBodyOne by one, the chat participants went to the digital microphone, while thousands of people listened in silence.A Chinese man said he did not know whether or not he believed in the numerous information about the existence of concentration camps for Muslims in the far west of Xinjiang province.Then it was the turn of a Uighur woman, who calmly explained that she is sure that the camps exist because her relatives are among the people confined. A Taiwanese man intervened to ask for understanding between all parties, and another man, from Hong Kong, praised the woman for her courage in speaking out.It was a rare moment of open dialogue with people from mainland China, who are often separated from the rest of the online world by the Great Firewall. For a short time, they found an open forum at the Clubhouse to discuss contentious issues, free of the restrictions that usually apply to the chinese internet, closely controlled.On Monday night (9), the inevitable happened: the Chinese censors intervened. Many of the app users in mainland China started receiving error messages while trying to use the platform. Some said they could only access the app using a VPN, a way to create a "tunnel" across the digital border. Within hours, more than 1,000 users had logged in to hear a discussion about the ban in a chat room titled "blocked, what to do now?" Searches for "Clubhouse" on china's popular social media platform Weibo were blocked.For many users in mainland China, it was a brief glimpse of unrestricted social media. Under The Leadership of President Xi Jinping, the Chinese government has been accelerating its efforts to exercise almost total digital control over what its citizens read and say online. Government-paid commentators and nationalist trolls often flood Chinese social media with propaganda and caustic messages that make it difficult to hold open and public discussions on topics the government classifies as sensitive."It was just a matter of time," Alex Su, 30, a publisher at a technology startup in Beijing, said in a phone interview.Su said that in the brief period she used the Clubhouse, she was especially moved by a conversation in which Uighurs reported personal stories about the discrimination they suffer in Xinjiang.  "That's the kind of information we don't really have access to in mainland China," Su said.It is not known how many mainland chinese users were registered at the Clubhouse. Before it was blocked, it was only available on Apple's operating system, which puts it out of reach of the vast majority of Chinese users, who employ Android. Users had to disconnect from Apple's Chinese store to download the Clubhouse.The app can also only be downloaded by invitation, which has generated a small black market codes to enter the social network in recent days. Before blocking the app, the current price for an invitation was up to 300 yuan (approximately R$ 250).That hasn't stopped thousands of Chinese users from rushing to the platform, which provides audio chat rooms that disappear when conversations end. In recent days, several Chat rooms in Chinese have received their maximum capacity of up to 5,000 users. Some people said they were connecting from mainland China, while others identified themselves as Chinese living outside the country. Many said they were from Hong Kong and Taiwan.Apparently, all topics on the list of Chinese censorship issues were discussed. In a chat room, participants discussed that Chinese leaders had been responsible for the repression oftiananmen square demonstrations in 1989. In another, users recalled experiences of encounters with Chinese police or security agents.In a third, participants silently mourned the first anniversary of the death of Li Wenliang, the doctor reprimanded for his warning about coronavirus in Wuhan, China. He died of the disease, and his death caused the hashtag "freedom of speech" to spread through China's social media.The app's sudden popularity in China has led many people to wonder how long the government would allow the party to continue. Social media companies operating in China must keep records of their users' identity, transmit data to the police, and respect strict censorship standards.Most major Western news sites and social media apps, such as Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram, are blocked entirely in China, and it's increasingly difficult to access VPNs on the continental side. The national social media platforms that are allowed in the country, such as WeChat and Weibo, are closely regulated and monitored by censors."The Clubhouse is exactly what Chinese censors don't want to see in online communication –a broad and open discussion in which people can talk without restrictions," said Xiao Qiang, founder of China Digital Times, a website that tracks Chinese internet controls. "It's also a reminder that if there is an opportunity, many Chinese feel a desperate need to talk to each other and hear different points of view."Clubhouse did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Created last year by capital professionals for Silicon Valley ventures, the Clubhouse did not take long to take off, and in December already had 600,000 registered users. The app is designed as a unique virtual space for people to co-live with, and its user base includes celebrities, DJs and politicians.It was only when Elon Musk, a tech billionaire who has many Chinese followers, participated in an on-app conversation last month that interest skyrocketed in China. Some people in Chinese tech circles had already promised to launch similar conversational platforms.The topics of conversation in Chinese were not all political. As with English chats, there were also lively discussions about dating, job search and music. Several Chinese software encoders have created a room to hold conversations about nerdy subjects.But some of the most popular Chinese chat rooms were focused on the most contentious issues. In one, the focus was on the relationship between mainland China and Taiwan, and a moderator invited people on both sides to alternate in their speeches.Some Taiwanese people talked about how, even after working in mainland China, they still did not fully understand the culture. This created a large gap between the two sides, they said, especially on political issues.Several users in mainland China have talked about being taught from a young age at school to believe that Taiwan, a self-governing island that China claims as part of its territory, was an indivisible part of its country.On some occasions, these conversations deteriorated, such as when a man identified as Taiwanese began to speak and cursed the mainland Chinese, before quickly leaving the room. But in general, users claim that the use of moderators by the chat service and real-time conversation promoted a civility and intimacy that other social media platforms, such as Twitter and its Chinese counterpart, Weibo, do not offer.                                                    Logo of the social network Clubhouse next to the Chinese flag - Florence Lo/Reuters                    "Compared to some Chinese I met, those who use the app didn't give me the feeling that they were taking advantage of me," said Erin Chang, 29, a human resources expert in Taiwan, in an interview. "I felt that they showed basic empathy as human beings."With the rise of the Clubhouse's popularity in China, criticism has also grown. State media signaled his displeasure."There is never freedom of expression when it comes to China, on foreign social media, where unilateral opinions can easily suppress voices that deny lies," said the nationalist tabloid Global News, which has the support of the authorities, in an editorial on the Clubhouse published in English on Monday.Others defined the app, and its elite users, as an echo-of-opinion chamber – an argument admitted by many participants during conversations."Many of our compatriots in mainland China will not use the app in the end," wrote Ren Yi, a Harvard-educated Chinese blogger who uses the pseudonym "Chairman Rabbit" on Weibo, Saturday (6). "With the concentrated and explosive growth of high-level Chinese users abroad, in the future content and trends will be even more exclusionary."But for Vinira Abdgheni, the Uighur woman who talked about the confinement of her relatives in concentration camps, the app was far from one-sided. She said it was a relief to have the opportunity to confront fellow Chinese citizens who can still harbor doubts about the abuses committed in their home region of Xinjiang."I've tried so many channels to express my frustrations," Abdgheni said in a phone interview from Tokyo, where she now lives. "That's why I thought it was best to talk as long as I had the opportunity to do it, because I don't want to be a person who lives in silence."Load-Date: February 10, 2021End of Document

For a brief period, there was a platform for sensitive political debate in China. Then censors shut it downCNN WireFebruary 8, 2021 Monday 3:24 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1198 wordsByline: By Nectar Gan and James Griffiths, CNN BusinessDateline: (CNN) Body             It gave a brief and tantalizing glimpse into what a free Chinese internet might have looked like.But on Monday night, social media app Clubhouse appeared to have been blocked in China just days after it became the go-to app for uncensored conversations on a host of sensitive issues banned on other platforms.Over the weekend, several large Chinese-language chat rooms wereset up on the invite-only audio app, where guests talked about politically-charged topics such as the ongoing crackdown against the Uyghurs in Xinjiang, democracy in Hong Kong and the sovereignty of Taiwan.By Monday evening, many Clubhouse users in mainland China reported that when they tried to log onto the app, they received a red error message showing "a secure connection to the server cannot be made."On Tuesday, the hashtag "Clubhouse" was also censored on Chinese social media platform Weibo, where it had been trending. People with mainland phone numbers reported no longer being able to receive text messages from Clubhouse,  in effect blocking them from joining as invitation and verification codes are sent to a mobile phone to register a new account.However, like Twitter and many other platforms that are blocked by China's Great Firewall - a sprawling censorship and surveillance apparatus - the app can still be accessed by using a virtual private network. VPNs use encryption to disguise internet traffic, helping people in China get around the firewall. Clubhouse did not immediately respond to a request for comment.On Clubhouse, several chat rooms soon sprang up to discuss the blocking of the app. They were joined by hundreds of users, including some who said they were based in mainland China. Greatfire.org, a group which monitors internet censorship in China, also confirmed that the app had been blocked.The ban, however, came as little surprise. With its political discussions drawing so much interest from mainland China, many users and observers expected it was only a matter of time before the app was blocked. While the censorship might deter new users, it is unclear how many existing users will be kept off the platform.Susan Liang, a 31-year-old from Shenzhen, said she would continue to join Clubhouse chats on sensitive topics via a VPN because she didn't want to give up the frank and open discussions."It is too rare an opportunity. Everyone has lived under the Great Firewall for so long, but on this platform, we can talk about anything," she said. "It's like someone drowning, and can finally breathe in a large gulp of air."But Liang expects some other users might be discouraged by having to use a VPN, as that technology has been increasingly targeted by Chinese government crackdowns. Any VPN not approved by the government is illegal.Benjamin Ismail, an expert with Apple Censorship - a project run by GreatFire.org - said some users would be discouraged by the block but "it might not kill the app immediately" in China.There were other obstacles for Chinese users to navigate, even before the reported blockage. The app is only available on iPhones, and only to those with a non-Chinese Apple account. Once downloaded, prospective users also require an invite code, which can be hard to come by. On Monday, some were being sold on Chinese e-commerce platform Taobao for between $13 and $30 each.<h3>Popular political chat rooms</h3>While the app first became popular in China among tech industry circles, its political chat rooms quickly drew newcomers eager for release from the tight censorship at home. As it grew in popularity, many Chinese also joined to discuss topics such as culture, lifestyle and celebrity gossip. But the space for free, inclusive political discussions was one of the rarest qualities of the app for Chinese-speaking communities.One chat room hosted by Taiwan-based blogger Zola was running non-stop for almost 120 hours, joined by Chinese speakers in different time zones.Another popular chat room invited young people from both sides of the Taiwan Strait to share their views and personal stories. The discussions started with lighthearted subjects but soon turned to politics, with users comparing the political systems of China and Taiwan and debating the prospects of unification."I don't think these topics should be off limits," Jimmy Tan, a Guangzhou-based user who opened the chat room with his designer friend in Taiwan, wrote on social media Saturday. "The fact that our chats can so quickly switch to these topics exactly means that we should talk about them - they are relevant to every one of us - and it also means that we've been holding our tongues for way too long."Started Friday evening, the room soon attracted hundreds of people, and reached the upper limit of 5,000 listeners around midnight, according to Tan.There were also chat rooms dedicated to China's crackdown against Uyghurs in the far-Western region of Xinjiang. In one popular room titled "Xinjiang has a concentration camp?" on Sunday, overseas Uyghur activists told stories of loved ones disappeared into the camps, which the US State Department estimates that as many as 2 million people could have passed through since 2017. The Chinese government has vehemently denied these claims.Several Han Chinese from Xinjiang also shared their experience of the security crackdown. A number of overseas Chinese broke down in tears describing the sense of guilt they feel over the alleged human rights abuses in Xinjiang, while others defended Beijing's policies, and questioned accounts of abuse from the region.Other users and outside observersexpressed skepticism over how representative the groups engaging in these political discussions are of broad Chinese public opinion, pointing to the self-selecting nature of the participants, as well as the barriers to using Clubhouse itself which prevent it from being a completely public app.And the warning signs were already looming before the censors struck. On Monday, Global Times, a state-run nationalist tabloid, accused political discussions on the app of being "one-sided.""Political topics on the platform are not discussed as rationally as other topics like technology or culture," the paper said.But even before the app was blocked, there were potential security concerns for users within mainland China. Accounts are also tied to users' mobile phone numbers, which in China are registered under owners' real names. Furthermore, it would be a relatively simple task for the Chinese authorities to infiltrate open chat groups on issues such as Xinjiang and record what is being said for future use.Badiucao, a Chinese dissident artist based in Australia, said some Chinese users, especially those within China, might not have realized the potential risk before speaking out critically against the government's policies, even semi-anonymously."If they were typing their opinions out, they might have the time to think it over," he said. "But when they spoke in these real-time chat rooms, they might not be able to hold their tongue."                      By Nectar Gan and James Griffiths, CNN Business         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: February 8, 2021End of Document

Chinese state media blast latest Pompeo move on TaiwanAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 10, 2021 Sunday 3:46 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 617 wordsByline: KEN MORITSUGU, Associated PressDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) — China's state media lashed out at the latest move on Taiwan by the departing Trump administration, accusing U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo of “seeking to maliciously inflict a long-lasting scar on China-U.S. ties.”A writer for the official Xinhua News Agency also said in a commentary Sunday that the lifting of longstanding restrictions on U.S. government contacts with Taiwanese counterparts proves that Pompeo “is only interested in stoking unwarranted confrontations, and has no interest in world peace.”Another commentary posted online by CGTN, the English-language channel of state broadcaster CCTV, called Pompeo's announcement “a cowardly act of sabotage" of the next U.S. administration.“The Trump administration, in its continuing efforts to burn the house down before leaving office, has crossed a dangerous red line with China days before incoming President Joe Biden takes office,” the commentary read in part.Biden takes office on Jan. 20.There was no immediate comment from the Chinese government on Pompeo's decision to end State Department restrictions on how U.S. officials can interact with Taiwan, which he said had been implemented to appease the Communist regime in Beijing.“No more,” Pompeo declared in a statement Saturday. “Today I am announcing that I am lifting all of these self-imposed restrictions.”Taiwan is a sensitive issue for China's ruling Communist Party, which considers the self-governing island of 23.6 million people a renegade province that should be brought under its rule.Under the one-China policy, the U.S. recognizes Beijing as the government of China and doesn't have diplomatic relations with Taiwan. However, it maintains unofficial contacts including a de facto embassy in Taipei, the capital, and supplies military equipment for the island's defense.Taiwan's leaders welcomed Pompeo's announcement.“We are expressing our gratitude toward the U.S. for speaking out and supporting Taiwan,” Premier Su Tseng-chang told reporters. "We also hope to interact actively with each other further, so that Taiwan could have an even bigger space in the international society.”He and Foreign Minister Joseph Wu, who thanked Pompeo on Twitter, emphasized the values of freedom and democracy shared by Taiwan and the U.S. — a contrast to China’s authoritarian one-party state.Pompeo's announcement came two days after he said he would send Kelly Craft, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, to Taiwan for meetings this week. She is due to arrive on Wednesday.Craft's trip follows one by Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar in August, the first Cabinet member to visit Taiwan since 2014, and another by Under Secretary of State Keith Krach in September.China, which opposes Taiwan having its own foreign relations, sharply criticizes all such interaction. It stepped up aerial patrols off Taiwan last year and used its diplomatic clout to block Taiwan from participating in international forums, such as the World Health Organization's annual meeting.Hu Xijin, the editor of China's state-owned Global Times newspaper, tweeted that if Pompeo's announcement is the new starting point for America's Taiwan policy, it will also mark the start of the countdown for the survival of Taiwan's government.“(China's) fighter jets can fly over Taiwan island anytime,” he tweeted. “The option of using military means to solve (the) Taiwan question will also be put on the table.”Hu's tweet was later deleted, but the reason was not clear.Pompeo said that the U.S. maintains relationships with unofficial partners around the world, and that Taiwan is no exception.___Associated Press writer Kevin Freking in Washington contributed to this report.Load-Date: January 10, 2021End of Document

Why one of China's richest men disappeared for three monthsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 21, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 760 wordsBodyThe founder of alibaba online sales portal, Jack Ma, was about to become China's richest man.In November 2020, on the eve of the closure of another of his successful businesses, the billionaire suddenly disappeared.                                               Jack Ma is considered one of China's richest men - Getty Images                        The Alibaba company has gone from an online store run in its apartment to one of the world's largest technology giants. Today, it reaches nearly 800 million users with services that include online shopping, cloud computing and artificial intelligence.The tech mogul is known for his extravagant presence and publicity stunts. He threw parties for thousands of his employees, with musical performances made by himself.Its latest venture, Ant Group, commands the digital payment market in China through its mobile finance app, Alipay.Controversial speechThe company aims to revolutionize the banking sector in China by changing the power of traditional institutions.On October 24 in Shanghai, Ant Group was ready to launch the largest initial public offering of shares (IPO) on the stock exchange.                          Alipay digital payment service is widely used in China - Reuters                        Before the event, Ma spoke at a meeting with a rather controversial speech, in which she criticized the Chinese financial system.After that speech, the businessman was not seen publicly for three months. There were rumors that Ma would be under house arrest or detained by the Chinese authorities. Some doubted he was still alive.In the speech, alibaba's founder accused Chinese banks of operating with a "pawn shop" mentality. He also said Chinese authorities were trying to "run an airport like a train station," in reference to regulations on digital finance.These claims have infuriated the traditional banking sector and some reports suggest it has also caught the attention of China's President Xi Jinping.Later, Ma and her closest colleagues were summoned to a meeting with regulators and ant group's IPO was halted.Shares of companies owned by Ma plummeted, with a loss of $76 billion from their initial value.After meeting in November 2020, Jack Ma was not seen again for weeks.'Discreet'"That day, he apparently crossed the invisible red line of what can be said and done in Xi Jinping's China," said Christina Boutrup, a China affairs analyst who interviewed Ma on a few occasions.                                               Some reports suggest that President Xi personally intervened to block the sale of Alipay shares - Getty Images                        "I think it was a big surprise for him. He would never have crossed that line if he knew how bad it could be for him."After three months, on January 20, 2021, Ma reappeared in a short video for a charity event. The following month, he appeared playing golf on the island of Hainan."Apparently, he kept very low-key, which was really the best he could do," Boutrup explained.Technology sectorNow the Chinese government is examining its strategy forregulatory technology giants and in recent days has launched an antitrust investigation against Alibaba.Last week, a regulator said it fined 12 companies, including Tencent and Baidu, for violating China's antitrust code.                                               Jack Ma appears to have lost support from Chinese leaders - Getty Images                    This may indicate an escalation across the technology sector.China is being questioned by the U.S. and other countries for its human rights policies in Hong Kong and Xinjiang Province.Some see the shift from controlling technology superpowers as an effort to prioritize stability and control over business success."There are (communist) party committees there to remind businesses that ultimately the party has power, even over powerful individuals like Jack Ma," explained Samantha Hoffman, a researcher at the Australian Institute of Strategic Policy.This control extends to secrecy, he noted."A company is not only responsible for doing what the party demands, but cannot admit that it is doing what the party says if questioned," he added.But other experts suggest that Alibaba and other Chinese tech giants should not be seen in the West only through political lens."China is still a developing country. I think it would be unfair to judge a developing country with the same references and merits that apply to a developed country," said Lillian Li, author of China's technology newsletter, called Chinese Characteristics.Load-Date: March 22, 2021End of Document

China boycotts are a warning to Western brandsCNN WireMarch 26, 2021 Friday 12:40 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1077 wordsByline: By Julia Horowitz, CNN BusinessDateline: (CNN) Body             Companies including H&M, Nike, Adidas and Burberry have been caught in the middle of a political firestorm in China - spooking investors that keep close tabs on a key market.What's happening: The retailers face boycotts because of stands they've taken in the past against the alleged use of forced labor to produce cotton in China's western region of Xinjiang.Dozens of Chinese celebrities have terminated contracts or said they'll cut ties with the brands, while H&M, the world's second largest clothing retailer, has been pulled from major e-commerce sites.Investor insight: Nike shares tumbled more than 3% Thursday on Wall Street, while Adidas sank more than 6% in Frankfurt. In London, Burberry lost more than 4%. H&M's stock also slid nearly 2% in Sweden.The outrage was triggered by a social media post from a group linked to the ruling Communist Party, which resurfaced a statement H&M made in September about reports of forced labor in Xinjiang. State media has since targeted other major brands that have previously spoken out.Human rights groups have repeatedly accused Beijing of detaining Uyghurs and other Muslim minority groups in "re-education" camps where they're forced to make products that find their way into global tech and retail supply chains.Recent sanctions from the United States and other Western countries over Xinjiang have sparked renewed pushback from the Chinese government, which calls the camps "vocational training centers" designed to combat poverty and religious extremism.Blowback in China against companies that have spoken out on Xinjiang may pass, according to Bernstein analyst Aneesha Sherman. Shares of H&M rose 1% in early trading Friday, while Nike's stock is up roughly 1.5% in premarket trading.But the episode is a reminder of the challenges Western brands face as they court the immense spending power of Chinese consumers."It's a tough position to manage, because they can't really back down on their [stances], but at the same time they want to make sure they don't abandon the Chinese customer," Sherman told me.China accounted for roughly 5% of H&M's sales in 2019. Sherman estimates that figure grew to about 10% in 2020, as China's economy recovered faster from coronavirus than its home market of Europe."In a year like this, even taking a 5% haircut off the top line is a big hit when H&M is trying to recover," Sherman said.Luxury brands like Burberry are even more exposed, she added. Burberry listed "any significant change to Chinese consumer spending habits" as a key risk to sales in its most recent annual report.Big picture: The US-China tensions that gained prominence during the Trump era haven't gone away, with the Biden administration and allies taking a hard line with Beijing. That creates challenges for Western companies that operate in the Chinese market."It does affect these brands," Sherman said. Plus, weeks like this only strengthen the hand of local competitors, which are more tapped in to regional tastes and can avoid politically-generated controversy, she noted.This powerful oil lobby has changed its tune on a carbon taxThe oil industry's most powerful lobby announced Thursday that it will support setting a price on carbon for the first time, a significant shift that underlines intensifying pressure on Washington and business to tackle the climate crisis.But the devil will be in the details, my CNN Business colleague Matt Egan reports. The American Petroleum Institute laid out a series of principles that must be met before the century-old group endorses a price on carbon.Advocates of carbon pricing say it's crucial to fighting the climate crisis, since it would accelerate efforts to curb planet-warming emissions and force investors, companies and individuals to bear the cost of pollution.But API opposed the last serious effort to impose a price on carbon in 2010. Since then, ExxonMobil, Chevron and other industry leaders have publicly backed carbon pricing - clearing the way for others to follow."This is a pretty big deal for the industry. There is broad recognition that obviously the country has to do something on climate change," API CEO Mike Sommers told CNN Business. "We want to be a willing partner with the Biden administration and others in Congress who are serious about taking on this challenge."Still, there's skepticism among climate groups that API's change of heart will translate to its backing of meaningful legislation."A statement of theoretical support for a market-based carbon price is a long way from agreeing to what will likely need to be strong, binding rules to limit fossil fuel usage [and] methane emission," Dylan Tanner, executive director of InfluenceMap, a think tank focused on energy and climate change, said in a statement.WeWork is finally going public by merging with a SPACIt's been 18 months since WeWork scrapped its plans to go public after a disastrous IPO attempt. Now the coworking space provider appears ready to try again.The latest: The Wall Street Journal was first to report that WeWork has agreed to merge with a special-purpose acquisition company, or SPAC.The merger with BowX Acquisition Corp. would value WeWork at $9 billion. That's a fraction of the $47 billion private market valuation the company fetched previously.Remember: WeWork was plunged into crisis in 2019 as investors combed through the company's IPO paperwork, which revealed former CEO Adam Neumann's unchecked power and numerous potential conflicts of interest, as well as the startup's staggering losses.The company was forced to postpone its IPO, accept a bailout from SoftBank and reconfigure its business.Now, it could raise money by tapping into the SPAC boom. In recent months, investors have raced to set up so-called "blank check" companies, which exist purely to find private companies to merge with, effectively taking them public.Details, details: BowX Acquisition Corp., which raised $420 million from investors last year, is led by Vivek Ranadive, who founded Tibco Software and now owns the Sacramento Kings. Ranadive will join WeWork's board.Up nextPersonal income and spending data for February posts at 8:30 a.m. ET, along with a key measure of inflation.Coming next week: The US jobs report for March is a crucial economic indicator as the recovery gathers steam.                      By Julia Horowitz, CNN Business         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 25, 2021End of Document

Heartbreak and anger as China discourages travel for Lunar New YearCNN WireFebruary 8, 2021 Monday 00:59Invalid date found for VDI: 1612332256 XCEDOCID: 0 LNI: 61YC-FDX1-JBSS-S1FR-00000-00. Date output 'as-is'.GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1791 wordsByline: By Nectar Gan, Lily Lee and David Culver, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  Normally at this time of year, hundreds of millions of Chinese people would be packing highways, trains and planes on homebound trips to celebrate the Lunar New Year with their family.But this year, the largest annual human migration on Earth has been put on hold, following the Chinese government's call to avoid "nonessential" trips during the holiday period to prevent a resurgence of the coronavirus.That is a lot to ask. The Lunar New Year, also known as Spring Festival in China, is the most important holiday in the Chinese calendar -- the equivalent of Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's Eve combined. For many Chinese who left their hometowns for better job opportunities in big cities, it is the only chance they may get to see their families this year. Parents who left children behind in villages so they could work may face another 12 months without them. To discourage people from traveling, China's National Health Commission has imposed new rules that require people returning to rural areas to produce a negative Covid-19 test taken within the previous 7 days, and to spend 14 days in "home observation" upon arrival. Some local governments have added their own, stricter rules. For example, in some places, returnees need to spend two weeks in a government-approved quarantine hotel, instead of remaining under observation at home with their families.The new restrictions have provoked fury on social media, with some questioning the government's policy at a time when many people had hoped to go home."I would like to ask, did you seriously think about it and look into it before making this policy?" one person posted on Weibo, China's Twitter-like service. "Do medical conditions in the vast rural areas allow everyone to have an coronavirus test every 7 days? Doesn't the gathering for coronavirus tests bring a bigger risk of infection? In addition, the state only gives us 7 days of statutory holiday, and now you ask returnees to be isolated for 14 days. What are your brains made of?"For months, state media has celebrated China's success in taming the coronavirus, contrasting its speedy, effective measures with the chaotic approach of some Western governments. But this year has brought fresh challenges. In January, more than 2,000 positive cases were detected in China's northern provinces, the worst resurgence of the virus since March.Given the virus' rapid transmission, Beijing recognizes the need to move quickly, as do the Chinese people, but that doesn't mean they're happy about it. Second Lunar New Year hit by coronavirusIt's the second year in a row that the Lunar New Year, which begins on February 12 this year, has been overshadowed by the coronavirus pandemic that has claimed more than two million lives worldwide.Last year, Beijing's main train station was overflowing with travelers before the Lunar New Year, as Chinese authorities had not yet announced the coronavirus was transmittable from person to person, or admitted that it was already spreading outside of Wuhan, the epicenter of China's initial outbreak. Wuhan was eventually locked down two days before Lunar New Year's Day, but millions of people in the central Chinese city had already traveled back to their hometowns in the weeks leading up to the holiday, accelerating the spread of the virus. After the holiday, many were stuck in their hometowns, as new travel restrictions prevented them from returning to the cities where they worked.This year, the departure hall at the Beijing train station remains largely empty in the lead up to Lunar New Year. The government's call for people to stay put in the cities where they work has apparently worked. On the first day of the 40-day Spring Festival travel rush, or "chunyun," which fell on January 28 this year, Beijing Capital International Airport saw an 86% drop in departing passengers compared with the same period last year. Across the country, the drop in air passengers on the first day of chunyun was 71% compared with last year, according to the Civil Aviation Administration of China.The Ministry of Transport estimates that 1.15 billion trips will be made during the 40-day Lunar New Year travel period this year, 61% less than in 2019 and 22% less than last year. If the predictions are correct, it will be lowest number of trips made during Lunar New Year since the government began publishing records in 2003.Criticism and censorshipChina's plans for Lunar New Year stand in stark contrast to the last major holiday in October, when crowds packed public transport and tourist attractions around the country for Golden Week. Then, China had not reported any locally transmitted symptomatic case since mid-August, and both the government and the people were confident in keeping the virus under control. Pictures of domestic tourists cramming the Great Wall were featured prominently in state media, as proof of China's success in containing Covid-19.This time around, Chinese state media is unleashing a very different propaganda campaign, exalting people's decision to stay put as an act of fulfilling their responsibility to the country -- but the praise has not been uniformly welcomed.Last week, People's Daily, the ruling Chinese Communist Party's mouthpiece, posted what seemed like an innocuous message on Weibo."Every Chinese has their special Spring Festival memories. But this year, the Spring Festival will be different from before ... Tens of thousands of people have chosen to stay for the Lunar New Year. Their sticking around is for a better reunion in the future," it said.The post was soon flooded with angry comments. "Don't thank them. They all want to go home. It's true," read a top comment, which generated more than 4,400 likes in less than three hours. "The government has set countless barriers for (people who) want to go home to pay a price. They hurt the interest of home returners to achieve the result the government wants. It's shameful that the government feels proud about this," another top comment reads.By the next morning, all critical comments had been removed. The People's Daily published another Weibo post along similar lines, but it was also inundated with criticism."As state media, can you bend down to hear the people's voice? Is your propaganda work only for pleasing the leaders? We all know we can't go home for the new year, and are feeling miserable about it, but you keep sensationalizing it and keep talking about it. Who really wants to hear your 'thank you'?" said a comment, which was later also deleted.The central government has banned people from or with travel history to high-risk areas from traveling. Those in medium-risk areas are also not allowed to travel unless they obtain special approval from local disease control authorities and present a negative coronavirus test taken within 72 hours. Residents in low-risk areas are encouraged to stay put, but are not banned from traveling.However, on Weibo, users also complained that local governments in their hometowns had imposed extra requirements on returnees, despite Beijing's order that no excessive requirements should be added by local authorities. "I think the policy is too harsh," said Dan Di, a 21-year-old student from the southern city of Guangzhou, who requested to use a pseudonym to avoid repercussions for criticizing the government.He has just finished 21 days of quarantine -- two weeks at a hotel in the nearby city of Zhuhai and one week at home in Guangzhou -- after returning from Hong Kong, where he is studying film at university.Dan Di considers himself lucky to be able to spend time and money on quarantine and coronavirus tests -- but he noted that it would be out for reach or many of the country's nearly 300 million migrant workers. "The spring festival is the only chance, and the most important chance for them to go home, to stay with their family," he said.Last Friday, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued a guideline for local officials to enhance "care and service" for the 7 million or so children who won't see their parents this Lunar New Year.It instructs parents to use "phone calls and video calls to conduct 'heart to heart' talks with their left-behind children."ComplianceAfter a difficult 2020, many Chinese people had looked forward to seeing their families. However, the outbreak in the north threatens to undo the work Beijing has done so far to contain the virus. Unsurprisingly, local officials have thrown their support behind the central government's campaign. They're not only imposing onerous requirements for tests and isolation -- they're even handing out subsidies and benefits to encourage people to stay put.The city of Hangzhou in eastern China, for example, is offering a cash handout of 1,000 yuan ($155) for every migrant worker. Other cities are providing shopping coupons, discounted rent and even early access to coronavirus vaccines, according to Chinese media reports. Tian Qimeng, who runs an engineering consulting company in the port city of Tianjin in eastern China, said his company is handing out 300 yuan ($46) of cash to non-local employees who choose to stay for the holiday."I originally wanted to go home, too, but eventually decided against it as I wanted to make a good example for everyone," he said.The 49-year-old didn't return to his hometown in Shaanxi province last year due to fears over the coronavirus. The last time he didn't return home for Lunar New Year for two years in a row was more than two decades ago, when he had just graduated from university -- he was too busy working as a technician and he spent those holidays on a construction site. Tian says he "respects and understands" the restrictions imposed on travel."They're all professional (health) experts, if you ask me to made (policies) I can't come up with better ones. So why not just follow theirs? It's the best for everyone to do what they're good at," he said.Others are also following official guidance.Vicky Wang, a internet company employee based in Shanghai, would normally fly back to her parents in northern Shaanxi province a week before the Lunar New Year. Instead, this year the 25-year-old is stocking up on her favorite snacks -- rice crackers and chocolate -- as she prepares to hunker down to spend the most important festival of the year alone in her apartment, more than 1,200 kilometers (745 miles) away from her family.Wang said she understands the government's suggestions and concerns."We have to live our life in a safer way. We have to cut off all the possibilities for the virus to spread. We have to make a little bit of sacrifice for everyone to keep us safe," she said.TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: February 7, 2021End of Document

Blinken Meeting With Chinese Officials Begins With "Testy Exchange."The FrontrunnerMarch 19, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Bulletin News Network, Inc.Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 692 wordsBodyThe Washington Post (3/18, Hudson, 10.52M) reports the Biden Administration began its "first faceoff with China" in Alaska on Thursday "with a testy exchange" between Secretary of State Blinken, "who chided Beijing" for "cyberattacks on the United States" and "economic coercion toward our allies," and China's top diplomat, Yang Jiechi, "who detailed the United States' own human rights problems, citing recent Black Lives Matter protests." Blinken "cited China's actions in those areas as threats" to "the rules-based order that maintains global stability." China's State Councilor Wang Yi "criticized new U.S. sanctions against Chinese officials for actions in Hong Kong." As "government handlers began to usher the media out of the conference room," Blinken "waved at them to stay" and said the US "is not perfect" but has dealt with its challenges openly. As the media was leaving, Yang told reporters to "wait" and "raised a finger at the U.S. side, accusing Blinken of speaking in a condescending tone."Andrea Mitchell said on NBC Nightly News (3/18, story 8, 1:30, Holt, 5.77M), "A senior official said they expect the meetings to be tough," and the New York Times (3/18, Jakes, 20.6M) says even before the meeting "American officials predicted the discussions would not go well. They were right." The Times adds, "The tit-for-tat, which a senior U.S. official later described as 'grandstanding' by the Chinese for their domestic audience, left little doubt that not much would be achieved from the diplomatic discussions."Giovanni Russonello writes in the New York Times (3/18, 20.6M), "David E. Sanger, a White House and national security correspondent, who has been closely following the proceedings from Washington," said, "It's not a get-to-know-you affair; all of the players here, on both sides, have been around for a long time. ... Instead, this is a meeting to vent - and take the measure of each other's priorities. We're back to the real world of superpower jockeying, where a rising, ambitious power takes on a status-quo power." In a story posted Thursday evening, USA Today (3/18, Shesgreen, 12.7M) said the "high-stakes showdown...could determine whether Washington and Beijing are headed for a 'new Cold War' or a diplomatic thaw."Blinken Calls On China To Assist In "Denuclearization Of North Korea."The AP (3/18, Kim) reports that in Seoul, South Korea Thursday, Blinken "pressed China to use its 'tremendous influence' to convince North Korea to abandon its nuclear program, hours after the North said it will ignore U.S. offers to resume negotiations." Blinken said, "Beijing has an interest, a clear self-interest, in helping to pursue denuclearization of (North Korea) because it is a source of instability. It is a source of danger and obviously a threat to us and our partners."Politico (3/18, Seligman, 6.73M) says the Biden Administration has "insisted that its goal is the complete denuclearization of North Korea, a demand that Pyongyang rejects as a nonstarter. And no mainstream analyst believes the North will ever voluntarily give up its entire nuclear arsenal." According to the New York Times (3/18, Jakes, Choe, 20.6M) after this week's meetings in South Korea and Japan, the Biden Administration "finds itself facing a diplomatic stalemate of the kind that irritated former President Barack Obama and drove former President Donald J. Trump to declare his love for Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, in a manic but ultimately thwarted drive for a breakthrough."China Reportedly Hoping For Biden-Xi Meeting On April 22.Bloomberg (3/18, Leonard, 3.57M) reports that the Chinese government is "seeking a meeting between Joe Biden and Xi Jinping next month if the first high-level U.S.-China talks in Alaska starting Thursday are productive." According to Bloomberg, "The Biden-Xi meeting as envisioned by Chinese officials would be organized around Earth Day on April 22 to show both leaders are focused on combating climate change." Bloomberg reports that White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki "said Thursday that it was too early to discuss individual leader meetings in connection with the climate summit."Load-Date: March 19, 2021End of Document

Musk and China live an affair... For nowCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 29, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 2007 wordsBodyOn February 10, when China's authorities ended labor stoppages to stop the new coronavirus, much of the country remained silent. The transport was stopped and many workers trapped in their home provinces. Others had been told to avoid their factories and offices until managers made plans to reopen safely.But on a swampy plain on the outskirts of China's largest city, Tesla's Giga Shanghai was full of life. Thousands of workers returned to the assembly line, many of them brought on government-provided buses.In its first week after resuming production, with Toyota Motor., Volkswagen and other foreign car manufacturers still not being able to fully reopen, Tesla Shanghai manufactured about a thousand cars. In March, they reached 3,000 a week.Tesla's rapid return to normal was consistent with the relationship the electric vehicle manufacturer has enjoyed with the Chinese state since 2018, when it announced plans to build the Shanghai plant. Time and again, it has extracted profits that other international companies have struggled to obtain, including tax exemptions, cheap loans, permission to fully own their domestic operations, and assistance in building a vast facility at astonishing speed. Government support has helped Tesla make China its most important market outside the US. The Model 3 is now among the best-selling electric vehicles in the world's most populous country, and in Tesla's most recent earnings report, China accounted for about one-fifth of revenue. That helped make Elon Musk the richest man in the world this month. Tesla China is more than a branch; it is intended to perform original research and development work, allowing you to hire some of the country's brightest technical minds and keep them away from potential competitors.As Tesla's presence has grown, it is fair to wonder whether Musk has become Chinese President Xi Jinping's favorite foreign capitalist, even though that generates strange sensations about the cooling of the Asian country's relationship with the US.So far, Musk's business there has done little to undermine his position at home. Loved by many liberals for his environmental credentials, hailed by Trump-aligned conservatives for his efforts to restore American manufacturing and, through SpaceX, entrusted by the Pentagon to launch spy satellites, he seems as popular in Washington as in Beijing. But as relations between the two capitals deteriorate and an increasingly authoritarian China seeks to take global leadership in key technologies such as electric vehicles and artificial intelligence, it is unclear how long Musk will be able to overcome this geopolitical failure. China is the world's largest market for electric vehicles by a large margin, with around 1.2 million sold in 2020, more than 40 percent of the global total. However, even in the most connected cities, the Teslas were rare until recently. In 2015, the company sold about 3,700 cars in China, compared to nearly 33,000then leader Zhidou Auto, a manufacturer of electric hatchbacks the size of a golf cart. There were some costly initial mistakes. When Tesla began selling its first sedán in China in 2014, the Model S, its designers had not realized that Chinese buyers rich enough to pay for one tended to have chauffeurs and therefore wanted more stylish back seats. Its software package also lacked some popular Chinese applications. The biggest problem was that all Teslas sold in Beijing or Shanghai were manufactured in the United States. Like many Chinese government initiatives, electric vehicle subsidies had been designed to expand the country's industrial base and support state-owned enterprises, so they generally did not apply to imported vehicles. Out of the public eye, Tesla was exploring how it could build a stronger presence there, with executives touring the continent's cities in search of potential factory sites. Shanghai, traditionally China's outerest metropolis and Robin Ren's hometown, the Stanford-trained engineer who led Tesla's Asia-Pacific operations, was a clear favorite. Since the 1990s, China had banned foreign car companies from establishing whooly owned units. Changing the rules would require both local and national government support. By the end of 2017, Tesla had decided on Shanghai as the likely choice for a factory, but people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg News earlier this year that negotiations were stalled on the issue of ownership, and central government officials insisted on a joint venture.However, Musk's moment proved fortuitous. The U.S.-China trade war was intensifying, with Trump threatening wide-ed tariffs, and U.S. companies found a more hostile environment. For the first time since China's economic opening in the 1980s, it seemed possible for the inlet flow of foreign money and expertise to reverse the course. "China was looking for headlines that said American companies still want to come here," says Kenneth Jarrett, former U.S. consul general in Shanghai and now senior advisor to Albright Stonebridge Group. "And Tesla realized that and they could negotiate harder and win."Musk stood firm for full control and in April 2018 he succeeded. Tesla sealed an agreement with the Shanghai government for a factory capable of producing 500,000 vehicles a year.In early 2019, Musk and a large number of dignitaries gathered next to a muddy field in the new Lingang area, a one-and-a-half-hour drive from downtown Shanghai. That's where Tesla's gigantic factory would be built. He then went to Beijing, where he held an audience with Prime Minister Li Keqiang. "I love China," Musk said when they met, providing a phrase that would be enthusiastically distributed by the state media. It quickly became clear that China loved him too, and not only because Li replied that Musk could be granted permanent residency.In March of that year, several state-backed banks ended an agreement with Tesla for up to $521 million in financing forconstruction. They agreed to lend the money at a subsidized rate without recourse, which means that, in the event of non-compliance, banks would have no legal right to Tesla beyond their collateral. You were allowed to start working before getting all your permissions.In August 2019, with Musk in Beijing for a meeting program that included one with Transport Minister Li Xiaopeng, the government announced that all Teslas, no matter where they were manufactured, would now be exempt from a 10 percent purchase tax on new vehicles. The separation raised the number of car manufacturers receiving the exemption to 33, aimed at encouraging the adoption of electric vehicles. The other 32 were domestic and foreign or wholly Chinese joint ventures.On the other hand, Tesla's local operation was beginning to look like a national entity. In mid-2019, Tesla China became an independent division that would depend directly on U.S. headquarters. Tom Zhu, a Chinese-born executive who had overseen the construction of the Chinese factory, was put in charge and dedicated himself to making the unit more autonomous and distinct from the rest of Tesla.Shortly after taking office, according to current and previous employees who asked not to be identified to discuss internal affairs, Zhu told staff to write emails in Chinese whenever possible. The reorganization also increased the power of Grace Tao, a state-controlled former central television outlet for government affairs and communications. Tao did not keep it a secret, employees say, that his priority was to ensure that Tesla retained the support of the chinese state's highest step.As Tesla's production plans in Shanghai progressed, aid continued to arrive. In early December 2019, China-made Model 3s were approved for purchase subsidies of just under $4,000 per vehicle, despite extensive government effort to reduce such gifts as electric vehicles became more competitive with conventional cars. Soon after, Tesla secured another financing agreement for state-controlled banks, this time worth more than $1 billion.Musk's claim that the Shanghai factory would be up and running at an unprecedented speed turned out to be correct. His cars began to leave the production line just before the end of 2019, less than a year after the opening. According to the company's practice, the first vehicles were reserved for employees, one of whom proposed to his girlfriend the car as an engagement gift. She said yes.So far, Chinese consumers, who, due to the near elimination of coronavirus within their borders, are closer to economic normality than citizens of virtually any other major country, have reacted enthusiastically to Tesla's expanded presence. The Model 3 was China's most popular electric vehicle for much of 2020. The company recently changed the way it reports financial figures to make China the only country, in addition to the United States, from which it breaks down quarterly revenue. There it rose from $669 million in the third quarter of 20191.74 billion in the same period of 2020. Musk's bet, in other words, is paying off.The question of what China is gaining is more complicated. For many experts, the government's main reason is clear: to improve the capabilities of china's electric car industry, forcing Tesla's competitors and suppliers to improve their level. Tesla, the theory says, will be the rod with which the remaining players are measured. It will also provide a big boost to companies like Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., the Chinese battery giant that provides power packs for some of Tesla's Shanghai-made cars. The most immediate challenge to Tesla's business in China could come from Washington, even with Trump outside the White House. For most of his career, Biden was one of several high-ranking Democrats who defended closer ties with Beijing, arguing that the best way to push him toward democratic values was to embrace him within the international system. He has drastically changed his tone in recent months, calling Xi an "abusive" and promising to force him to "follow the rules," an attitude that will likely emulate Senate majority leader Chuck Schumer. Many of the contenders to lead the Republican party, including Sen. Tom Cotton and Ben Sasse, are also at least as aggressive to China as Trump.At the moment, controls on what U.S. companies can do and sell on the continent tend to focus on technologies like semiconductors, rather than automobiles. However, as vehicles evolve into mobile platforms for advanced sensors and artificial intelligence, it is not difficult to imagine a time when U.S. authorities may have a more restrictive view.If such an evolution occurs, the proximity of Tesla's Chinese operations to the state will not help the company. In late September, a Chinese blogger broke the news of an upcoming Model 3 price cut. He was soon visited by police who instructed him to delete the post. Tesla demanded that the blogger disclose his source, then announced shortly after that a logistics manager had been fired for leaking confidential information and was being investigated by police (Tesla's representative said the company reported the leak to police as a "violation of business trust" and did not participate in the subsequent investigation). Veterans of the Chinese automotive industry, who have seen world-leading companies like Volkswagen and Toyota fight for decades to achieve what Musk has achieved in just a few years, are impressed with the skill with which he sailed. However, his praise is qualified by a key warning. "Elon has played very well," says Bill Russo, a former Chrysler businesser who is now the CEO of Automobility, a Shanghai-based consultant. "But Tesla got this because China was interested in Tesla having it."Matthew Campbell with Chunying Zhang, Haze Fan, David Stringer, Emma O'Brien and Dana HullEditor's Note: Haze Fan, a member of Bloomberg News' Beijing office, contributed to this article before being stopped by Chinese authorities in December.We recommend: A lotsuccess Joe Biden, you depend on mexico's futureLoad-Date: January 30, 2021End of Document

Accused of abandoning two babies in the US, this Chinese celebrity has sparked a national debate about surrogacyCNN WireJanuary 23, 2021 Saturday 1:58 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1346 wordsByline: By Nectar Gan, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  At first, it seemed like a classic celebrity romance.Zheng Shuang, 29, was one of China's most popular actresses after shooting to fame a decade ago. Zhang Heng, 30, was a talented producer for a variety show. In 2018, the pair went public with a set of couple selfies, and often appeared affectionately in the spotlight afterward -- even co-starring in a popular reality series.So fans were shocked when Zhang took to China's Twitter-like platform Weibo earlier this month to claim he has been stranded in the United States for more than a year, left alone to "take care of and protect two young and innocent lives." The couple was believed to have split while the two surrogate mothers they hired were pregnant with their kids, with Zheng accused of abandoning the babies.A Chinese media outlet subsequently publicized alleged photos of the children's birth certificates, which showed they were born in December 2019 and January 2020 in the US. Zhang and Zheng were named as their parents. It also published a recording of an alleged phone call, during which Zheng's parents allegedly suggested abandoning the children or giving them up for adoption, while Zheng expressed frustration that abortion was not a viable option. The allegations shocked many in China, where family ties are typically treasured, and ignited outrage on social media. It has also sparked debate about surrogacy in a country that officially opposes the practice, yet has a booming underground market for it.Firestorm of criticismThe scandal exploded on Weibo after Zhang's post, with the associated hashtag racking up more than 3 billions views and drawing a torrent of criticism against Zheng. And the backlash was not limited to the online sphere.Within days, Zheng was censured by state media, and condemned by China's ruling Communist Party (CCP) agencies. "Surrogacy is clearly banned in our country, and its disregard of life makes one bristle with anger," state broadcaster CCTV said in a commentary. The CCP's top commission overseeing political and legal affairs accused Zheng of "taking advantage of legal loopholes" by seeking surrogate mothers in the US, calling her actions "definitely not law-abiding." "Surrogacy is banned in China as it uses women's uteruses as a tool and sells life as a commercial product," the commission wrote.Zheng was dropped by several international brands, including luxury fashion label Prada.Responding to the firestorm, Zheng wrote on Weibo Tuesday that "this is a very sad and private matter for me." She did not directly address allegations over the surrogacy dispute, but said she "did not violate the state's instructions while on Chinese soil and respected all laws and regulations while abroad." Technically, Zheng was right.While surrogacy has long been in the Chinese government's crosshairs, deemed a threat to its strict population control policies, the country's national legislature has never passed legislation explicitly outlawing it.In 2001, the Ministry of Health issued a set of regulations on assisted reproductive technology, which banned medical institutions and health care workers from "practicing any form of surrogate technology." The trade of sperm, ova, zygotes and embryos is also strictly prohibited. Medical institutions can be fined up to 30,000 yuan ($4,632) for violations, according to the rules.But the document did not ban individuals or agencies from commissioning or providing surrogacy services, or list any according punishment. The legal limbo has led to a growing underground domestic surrogacy industry, driven by huge demand, while other Chinese couples are going abroad for surrogacy services.The US, where commercial surrogacy is allowed for foreigners in some states, has become a top choice for the wealthy Chinese elites, thanks to its mature industry and high safety standards. A child born in the US will also come with American citizenship -- a bonus for some Chinese parents. An outright ban?Debates over the ethical issues of surrogacy have taken place across the globe, with opponents warning that the practice can lead to the exploitation and trafficking of women, the commodifying of the female body and children, and the deepening of inequality between rich and poor.But the stern official condemnation of Zheng's actions comes from a government that has for decades been criticized for using forced abortion and sterilization to limit the number of children in each family. While China's one-child policy was relaxed in 2016 -- allowing couples to have two children -- the country now has a falling birth rate and a rapidly aging society, meaning it is in urgent need of more newborns to avert a looming population crisis. The Chinese government has resorted to a flurry of policies to encourage young people to get married and have children -- to very limited success. However, it still bans the commercial use of many reproductive technologies, such as egg freezing, that would give women the freedom to have children later in life.Surrogacy, along with other forms of reproductive assistant technology, provides an opportunity for infertile couples to have biological offspring. According to a 2009 survey from the China Population Association, 12.5% of Chinese at childbearing age -- or 40 million people -- were infertile. There are also demands for surrogacy from a large pool of older couples who lost their only child, or who simply want a second now they can, as well as a growing number of LGBT couples. While Chinese health authorities and other government agencies have launched periodic crackdowns, including a joint campaign in 2015 by a dozen government departments on surrogacy services, it has been to no long-term avail.That has led some experts to suggest Beijing should legalizing the practice at home, to bring more protection to surrogate mothers and address the growing demand from infertile couples and older parents in the wake of the relaxation of the one-child policy. But many oppose the idea and call for surrogacy to be outlawed, citing a wealth of ethical issues. Yuan Xiaolu, a Chinese lawyer, told state-run news agency Xinhua the "lost cost" for violating regulations is an important reason for the underground market to outlast the crackdowns. A lack of regulation over the industry also means there's little protection for surrogate mothers and babies. Last week, state-run news website The Paper reported that a couple canceled an agreement with a surrogate mother in southwest China upon discovering she had syphilis during her pregnancy. The surrogate mother ultimately raised the child herself, but was still unable to get her registered three years later as she had sold the child's birth certificate on the black market to pay her hospital bills after having a C-section delivery.End of a career?Following Zheng's controversy, there have been renewed calls for China to ban all forms of surrogacy outright. But some analysts say that will simply drive the practice further underground, as demand will likely only increase in the future.Whether the government will respond with another round of crackdowns, or propose legislation to explicitly outlaw the practice, remains to be seen.But what appears certain is that Zheng's career as an A-list actress has taken a blow. While public outrage on Chinese social media was mainly aimed at her seemingly unmaternal instincts, and allegedly leaving her estranged partner alone and unable to return home with two American-born children due to the pandemic, it was clear the state had taken greater umbrage with her sidestepping its rules on surrogacy.On Wednesday night, China's National Radio and Television Administration issued a commentary on Zheng's scandal. "(She) circumvented the law to seek surrogacy overseas, then wanting to abandon (her babies), actors like her lack personal virtue," the commentary said."We won't give the chance and platform to celebrities embroiled in such scandals to make public appearance." TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: January 22, 2021End of Document

China announces more sanctions against US and CanadaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 27, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 348 wordsBodyBEIJING (AP) - China on Saturday announced new sanctions against officials from the United States and Canada, in a growing political and economic dispute over its policies in the mostly Muslim region of Xinjiang.A statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the head of the Commission on International Religious Freedom, Gayle Manchin, will be prohibited from visiting China, or its Hong Kong or Macau territories and having time with Chinese financial institutions.The committee's deputy chief, Tony Perkins, was also included on the sanctions list, along with Canadian MP Michael Chong and Parliament's Subcommittee on International Human Rights.China has strongly rejected allegations of human rights violations in Xinjiang and launched boycott calls and other punishments against foreign firms, including the retail chain H&M; and Nike, as well as sanctions against foreign officials and activists that Beijing says are spreading falsehoods about its policies towards Uighurs and other Muslim groups in Xinjiang."They must cease political manipulation on Xinjiang-related matters, stop interfering in China's internal affairs in any way, and refrain from continuing on the wrong path. Otherwise, they will burn their fingers," the chancellor's statement said.China announced sanctions Friday against British officials and H&M; products were withdrawn from Chinese portals because of their opposition to buying cotton from Xinjiang. The communist party's youth league launched attacks Wednesday against H&M; following the European Union's decision to join the United States, Britain and Canada in imposing sanctions on Chinese officials accused of abuse in Xinjiang.More than 1 million members of the Uighur minority and other predominantly Muslim groups have been confined to detention camps in Xinjiang, according to foreign governments and investigators. Authorities there are accused of imposing forced labour and birth control.The Chinese government rejects abuse complaints and says camps are for job training to support economic development and combat radical Islamism.Load-Date: March 28, 2021End of Document

Xi Jinping's crossroads: between the desire to control entrepreneurs and the risk of breaking the "Chinese model"CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 9, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 2481 wordsBodyWhy didn't the Communist Party of China (PCCh) end up as the Communist Party of the Soviet Union? There are many reasons, inseparable from the profound historical and cultural differences between China and Russia. But the key seems to be that the PCCh managed to articulate very successfully two objectives that decades ago seemed incompatible: to enable certain margins of economic freedom, to stimulate private initiative and wealth generation, while maintaining absolute political control over the population.The turn was orchestrated by Deng Xiaoping, who took the reins of the party and the country in 1978, filling the void left by Mao's death two years earlier. In the decade at the helm, he pushed for a series of reforms that enabled China's openness to market and the modernization of its productive structure, while maintaining the political hegemony of the CHC. A model that became popular as "socialism with Chinese characteristics".So fruitful was the capitalist transition fostered by Deng that China had phenomenal economic growth over the past 30 years, which radically changed the global market and geopolitics. In the process, a business class and an emerging middle class were born.But the model started to change a few years ago. A single party regime, in which the sovereign was the PCCh, but no leader had sovereignty over the organization, is becoming an autocracy that revolves around those who have led it since 2012, Xi Jinping.The mutation was enshrined in 2018, when the Constitution was reformed to incorporate Xi's thinking into the preamble and remove the restriction on presidential re-election, which since 1982 allowed only two consecutive five-year terms. It had been clear before that Xi had full control over the party, allowing him to displace many leaders who were previously considered untouchable.It is likely that, because of the fortune and influence they gained, some Chinese tycoons were also thought out of the reach of repression. But for some time now the President began sending signals so that everyone would know that this is not the case. What message could be more powerful than making Jack Ma, the most prominent of all, disappear—at least for a while.Punishment of e-commerce giant Alibaba,' which has not appeared in public since October last year, shows xi's crossroads. The more he wants to advance control of the capitalist elite, the more he is exposed to compromising one of the pillars of the Chinese model. The effects of deepening this course will not be felt immediately. But a significant reduction in the margins of freedom of the productive class can, in the long run, affect the foundations of economic growth on which Xi and the PCCh depend to retain their place."China is in uncharted territory. It is true that the PCCh has always exercised political control over the population, but from 1978 to 2005, that control had become lighter, as a successful economy allowed for surprising improvements in people's standard of living. But, for reasons we don't fully understand, that wasn't enough for the party or, especially, for Xi, who wants more discipline, more unity, more control. This scares people, including entrepreneurs and private investors. Of course, they can't say anything publicly, but they're worried. We don't know if this will have consequences for China's economic model. So far, it is still allowed to make money, and many continue to do so. But they also know that he must follow the Party's orders," explained Barry Naughton, holder of the Sokwanlok Chair in Chinese International Affairs at the School of Global Policy and Strategy at theUniversity of California, consulted by Infobae.A social class under pressureUntil last year, Ma, 57, was China's top tycoon. With a fortune valued at $38.8 billion, it ranked 17th globally, according to the Forbes rankings. Beyond money, this entrepreneur who started out as an English teacher became a star.His particular life story, the fact that he "made himself" and his charisma made him for many years a very popular figure in China. He even sang with Chinese pop idol Faye Wong, created his own reality show and in 2017 appeared in a film, On That Night... While We Dream ("On that night... While we dreamed"), in which he played a kung fu master.It is true that Ma and other billionaires began to be questioned by a part of the public. With China's long-standing economic slowdown—compared to the frantic pace of expansion of the first decade of the century—social inequalities became more apparent and the big winners of the model ceased to be as admired as they used to be. These sentiments began to be stimulated by the press bodies of a government that looks increasingly suspiciously at the influence of some of these entrepreneurs.The final break with Ma took place on October 31, following the strong speech he gave during the opening ceremony of a major commercial event. In his presentation, which was broadcast live online, he accused banks of behaving like pawnshops and criticized financial regulators for their risk aversion. The comments, made at a public event, were like a bomb for the Chinese authorities, who are not used to receiving criticism like that."The Jack Ma case confirms what we already know about China, which is that no one is out of reach of party power except its ultimate leader. Before Xi came to power, current or retired members of the Politburo Standing Committee also enjoyed de facto immunity, but he ended that when he brought down Zhou Yongkang. Ma, like other tycoons in China, was always very careful, until he played badly. By making negative comments about Chinese regulators in the face of high-level paintings such as Liu He and Wang Qishan, and distinguished foreign guests, he seemed disrespectful to the Party. Something like that is not tolerable for Xi, so Ma must face the music now. The threshold for punishing anyone who disallows the system may have gone down with Xi, but even before him, the Party would not have tolerated anyone openly disafiing his authority," Steve Tsang, director of the Chinese Institute of the University of London School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), told Infobae Steve Tsang.Ma's anger came from the locks she was finding to empower Ant Group, Alibaba's financial services firm, her big bet. Two weeks after the conference, regulators abruptly suspended Ant Group's Initial Public Offering (IPO)—which had previously received the green light—and announced an antitrust investigation against Alibaba.Since then, nothing was heard from Ma. He was not present in the final episode of "Africa's Business Heroes", his reality show, and his photo was removed from the show's website. Nor did he participate in the Zhejiang Chamber of Commerce meeting in Shanghai, where he gave a speech every year since 2016."It could be argued that the government was actually too lax in allowing the rapid expansion of Ant Group, allowing a large increase in credit without enough reserve capital," Naughton said. But the party leadership never paid attention to these concernsexpressed by technocrats in the regulatory apparatus, until one day Jack Ma made a speech that was considered too critical and too proud. Suddenly, regulatory approval was revoked and Ant's IPO was withdrawn. It was clear to everyone that he was being slapped. The government's intention is for private companies to prosper and contribute to China's rise, but also to show absolute loyalty and obedience."There's still no certainty about what happened to Ma. It is very difficult to know in a country where almost no sensitive news passes the strict filter of censorship, and where security forces can kidnap people and lock them up indefinitely, without giving any information to their families. He may have been arrested or maybe he was just required to remain silent.But yours is not an isolated case. There are several great entrepreneurs who fell out of favor, as part of a campaign that seeks to increase control over their activities. One of the last was Ren Zhiqiang, a retired real estate tycoon. He was missing for several months after he criticized the PCCh for pandemic management in March and reappeared publicly when his sentence to 18 years in prison was announced.The same penalty was received in 2018 by Wu Xiaohui, founder of insurer Anbang. The crime for him and most convicted businessmen and officials is corruption, Xi's preferred pretext for razing all the characters who make him uncomfortable. Even darker was the case of Xiao Jianhua, a financial asset manager with many connections to relatives of senior PCCh officials. In January 2017 he was abducted from the hotel where he was staying in Hong Kong and taken to the mainland. He was never heard from again and his firm, Tomorrow Group, was dismembered."This is part of Xi's attempt to accomplish two things. First, affirm his primacy as the country's most important political and economic leader, show that the fortunes of the rich are tied to loyalty to him. Jack Ma and others are becoming an example to point out to the rest the line to follow. Second, by attacking the 'Chinese oligarchs', Xi can increase his popularity, appearing to be behind corruption, which is always a popular cause in China, and pursue those who 'clearly', in the eyes of many, have benefited behind the backs of ordinary people," said John Ishiyama, professor of political science at The University of North Texas , in dialogue with Infobae.A committed modelThe pressure to which Chinese capitalists are being subjected reveals two different but complementary processes. On the one hand, the government's willingness to silence dissent. On the other hand, his attempt to increase control over certain areas of the economy in which he previously accepted autonomy that he is no longer willing to tolerate.The latter is what is behind the advance about many firms that grew around the internet, such as fintech and e-commerce. The State is trying to intervene in many of them, who are private, buying positions and incorporating officials into their directories."I'm not sure this seeks to suffocate entrepreneurs," Ishiyama said. I think it's intended to show you that your fortune is tied to remaining completely loyal to Xi. This could affect the economic model and drown out the dynamism of the Chinese economy, but I think it's really done for political, not economic reasons."These movements are part of Xi's great project, which looks suspiciously at the autonomy acquired by entrepreneurs and aims to get everyone to get behind the party's goals. With that in mind, he presented a behaviour manual last September for representatives of theprivate sector, which sets out the guidelines for what their government expects.After warning of the risks of plurality of interests and values in the business world, the document says there needs to be greater homogeneity. To do this, it would be essential for everyone to "listen and follow the party firmly," says the manual, which was published by the official Xinhua agency.Xi himself was quoted by the People's Journal by giving the same orders to his officials: "Unify private sector members around the party and improve in promoting healthy development of the private economy." The intention is not to eradicate or reduce the weight of the private sector, but to limit its independence and to achieve full alignment to the needs of the PCCh and the State. The problem is that these objectives can be contradictory. Entrepreneurs invest with the intention of making money, not to fulfill some external ideal. If the government intends to subvert this logic, it risks compromising a basic principle of any capitalist economy."For a long time," Naughton said, "the Chinese government followed the strategy of letting private companies get rich, as long as they did not compete in certain state-led central areas, and reminding them from time to time that they should never challenge the party. But in the summer of 2017, the heads of major private companies, including Alibaba, were called up and told them that the rules were changing and that they had to show a greater degree of unity with the Party. As they had not many options, they agreed, and a new era seemed to have begun. The Government appreciates the success of these companies, which have taken China to the global border in key areas of the internet business. He supports them, but demands loyalty in return, and the definition of that loyalty has become increasingly strict with Xi."The delicate thing is that this turn occurs precisely at a time of economic slowdown, when China needs to stimulate private investment most. "You can have complete control or you can have a dynamic and innovative economy. You can hardly have both," Fred Hu, founder of Hong Kong-based investment firm Primavera Capital Group, told The New York Times.In the same article, published last month, journalist Li Yuan recounted that among many Chinese entrepreneurs concern was growing about the new direction the country has been taking since Xi took over. Many fear that the conditions for doing business will become increasingly adverse.Steve Tsang believes that this shift may affect the Chinese economic model that had been so successful, although that's not what pcch management thinks. "Xi sees the Chinese model as superior to all that the West has to offer, so he doesn't think the economy can be affected by what it might decide to do with Ma. In the short term, he's probably right. But in the long run, if Ma were severely punished, he would have a significant negative effect on Chinese entrepreneurship and the vitality of the economy. But, so far, Ma has not been categorically punished."Last year, shortly before Ma's fall, Xi set an example of an entrepreneur to Zhang Jian, who lived between 1853 and 1926. In addition to creating a high-employment textile factory, he always helped his people's neighbors, Nantong, in Jiangsu Province. Xi highlighted it for building schools and contributing to the development of the community, thinking more about the interests of the nation than individuals.What he didn't say was that Zhang's company went bankrup up and Zhang finished his life devoted more to politics than business. If the current entrepreneur had forged hisChina would remain a low-development economy, not the global power it is now. It's unclear if Xi is so convinced of that.Read on:Jack Ma and his mysterious disappearance: the ideas of the tycoon that annoyed Xi Jinping's regimeMystery of Jack Ma's whereabouts: it hasn't been known about him in two months amid pressure from the Chinese regimeMore and more Chinese entrepreneurs are considering taking their wealth out of the country in the face of Beijing's advance on the private sectorChina's regime seeks to keep a large part of the Alibaba technological empireLoad-Date: January 10, 2021End of Document

Encrypted messaging app Signal blocked in ChinaAssociated Press InternationalMarch 16, 2021 Tuesday 2:01 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 438 wordsByline: ZEN SOO, AP Technology WriterDateline: HONG KONG BodyHONG KONG (AP) — Encrypted messaging app Signal appears to have been blocked in mainland China, the latest foreign social media service to cease working in a country where the government tightly controls the flow of information.As of Tuesday, users of the app within China had to connect to a virtual private network (VPN) that allows them to circumvent China’s so-called Great Firewall, a censorship system which blocks websites, services and apps deemed inappropriate by the Chinese government.The move to silence Signal, one of the few remaining messaging apps in China that allowed users to engage in encrypted messaging, comes as China expands controls to shape public opinion and at times limit private discourse.Users in China said Tuesday that they could not get the app to connect without a VPN service. Messages failed to send and calls did not go through.In China, services like Facebook, Google and Twitter have been blocked for years. Most recently, popular social-audio platform Clubhouse was also shut down in the country, shortly after Chinese users on the app started taking part in real-time audio discussions deemed sensitive by authorities, such as China’s mass detentions of Uyghurs in Xinjiang.Zhao Lijian, a spokesman for China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said at a daily news briefing Tuesday that he was “not aware of the situation” around Signal being banned in China.“What I can tell you is that as a principle, China’s internet is open, and the Chinese government manages internet-related affairs according to law and regulations,” Zhao said.Signal could not be immediately reached for comment.Signal uses end-to-end encryption for its messaging and calling services, which prevents any third-party from viewing conversation content or listening in on calls.The app recently had grown popular among users in China concerned about privacy issues, although the numbers of Signal users in the country is still small compared to the ubiquitous WeChat messaging app. WeChat has over a billion users and is a mainstay of everyday life in China thanks to its payments services and social media features.However, politically sensitive messages and content on WeChat are often censored, and authorities have detained users for spreading rumors online. Messages on WeChat are encrypted only between its servers and the users' devices, and in theory could be accessed by Tencent, WeChat’s parent company.To circumvent the China’s censorship and access sites like Twitter or Facebook, users in China often use VPN services, although the use of such services to access blocked services is illegal in the country.Load-Date: March 16, 2021End of Document

Nike and H&M, in the eye of the hurricane in China for worrying about Uighur rightsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 25, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 600 wordsBodyWednesday was the H&M; fashion brand and on Thursday it was the American sports goods giant Nike, criticized in China for its Xinjiang cotton boycott, due to information about "forced labor" imposed on the Uighur minority.The Xinjiang region to the northwest has been the scene of attacks on separatists or Uighur Islamists. Authorities have long imposed fierce police surveillance in the area.According to studies by institutes in the United States and Australia, at least one million Uighurs are in "fields" and some of them are subjected to "forced labor," especially in cotton fields.China strongly denies these claims and ensures that these are sesent reports. She says the "camps" are actually "vocational training centres" aimed at giving work to the population to keep them away from extremism.In 2020, following the publication of an Australian Institute Aspi study on "forced labour," Nike became "concerned" and pledged not to buy cotton at Xinjiang, one of the world's leading production centers.This information now reappears in China in a timely manner, after the European Union and other countries imposed sanctions against China for its treatment of Uighurs.Beijing described the information as "lies" and sanctioned European personalities and bodies as a retaliatory measure.On Thursday, a well-known actor and actress in China, Wang Yibo and Tan Songyun, announced that they were cutting off their business relationships with Nike, a brand of which they were ambassadors."The interests of the country come first. We strongly oppose all malicious actions that want to dirty or spread rumors about China," said the agency that represents Tan's interests.- They're dreaming! -On Wednesday, Swedish fashion brand H&M; was critically acclaimed due to its decision not to use more Xinjiang cotton since last year.As a clear sign of an intervention by political powers in these criticisms, the Communist Youth League, affiliated with the Communist Party, was the first organization to launch the controversy on Weibo, Chinese Facebook."Spreading rumors and boycotting Xinjiang cotton while expecting to keep making money in China? They're dreaming!" said the organization, publishing copies of H&M's statement that generated the controversy.H&M; products are no longer available on major clothing sales pages in China, although for now their stores are open.In a statement, H&M; China stated that it did not take "any political position" and remained committed to its long-term business in China."I bought at H&M; a few days ago, but as soon as I get home, I'm going to throw away the clothes," Liu Xiangyu, a Chinese guy interviewed near one of the Swedish brand's stores in Beijing, said.- Will Zara be next? -Answering a question about whether the Chinese government was leading this controversy, the foreign ministry responded on Thursday that it was not."The Chinese market is what it is. We don't need to intimidate" the companies, spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters."But one thing is for sure: the Chinese won't let foreigners take advantage of China and then criticize it," he added.The Aspi Institute, funded by Australian authorities but also from other countries, such as the United States, accused H&M; of supplying itself using structures that employ Uighur labor from "re-education camps."Uighurs, mainly Muslims, account for just under half of Xinjiang's 25 million inhabitants.In Weibo, brand names that had also takenNike and H&M;-like positions began circulating on Thursday, such as Spain's Zara, Japan's Uniqlo, the American Gap or Germany's Adidas.ehl-bys/esp/bl/meLoad-Date: March 27, 2021End of Document

U.S. judge suspends ban on investing in Chinese company XiaomiCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 15, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 330 wordsBodyA U.S. federal judge decided to suspend the ban on investing in Chinese mobile phone giant Xiaomi for considering the U.S. government's argument about its ties to the Chinese Armed Forces as "deeply flawed."Rudolph Contreras, district of Columbia judge removed the Department of Defense's determination to blacklist Xiaomi with Chinese technology that pose a risk to national security.Contreras considered that the decision, imposed by the administration of former U.S. President Donald Trump, in January, linking Xiaomi to the Chinese Army, was not properly substantiated.For its part, Xiaomi celebrated the legal victory and assured that it will continue to seek a permanent rejection of the ban on investing in the company, which forced it to stop selling technology shares in the United States and to ask all its investors in that country to get rid of their securities before the end of a year."Xiaomi is a company that manufactures products for civilian use and is controlled by an independent board and shareholders and is not effectively controlled or associated with entities under the control of the Government of the People's Republic of China or its security services," the judge said in his opinion.The Pentagon had based Xiaomi's alleged ties with the Chinese government on the delivery of a state award, but the judge believes that it is not reason enough, as this award has been received by hundreds of entrepreneurs and is becoming standard in the technology sector.Xiaomi is one of the victims of the U.S.-China trade and technological war, which focuses on determining the future in domination of strategic semiconductor or telecommunications sectors globally.Chinese telecoms giant Huawei was the main focus on Donald Trump's attempts by the administration, which culminated on January 20, to limit the influence of Chinese technology in the country and was therefore the subject of bans on trading and operating, especially with respect to 5G mobile technology.Load-Date: March 16, 2021End of Document

China detains Tencent signing executive over corruption caseCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 11, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1077 wordsBodyChinese authorities arrested an executive of Tencent Holdings, China's most valuable publicly traded company, as part of an investigation into a high-profile corruption case involving one of the country's former police officials, pointed to sources familiar with the issueZhang Feng has been investigated by China's anti-theft inspector since early last year for alleged unauthorized exchange of personal data collected by Tencent's WeChat social media app. Sources said Zhang was suspected of handing over WeChat data to former Deputy Minister of Public Security Sun Lijun, who is being investigated by Beijing for unreclosed violations of Communist Party rules.Alibaba resumes US$5 billion bond sale plan after exceeding expectations in quarterly resultsTechnology Joe Biden's government would see "no reason" to lift the blockade against HuaweiThe scrutiny of Chinese and US authorities, with which Amazon and Alibaba will charge this yearResearchers are analyzing what kind of data Zhang might supposedly have shared with Sun and what Sun could have done with them.Tencent, which is listed in Hong Kong and has a market capitalization of around US$900 billion, confirmed Thursday that Zhang is under investigation. The case "relates to allegations of personal corruption and is unrelated to WeChat or Weixin," a spokesman said in a statement to The Wall Street Journal. Weixin is WeChat's sister app for the Chinese market.Zhang was mentioned as Tencent's vice president in a statement issued by the Zhangjiakou municipal government, a city near Beijing, in which he described meeting with the city's mayor in October 2018.Tencent said Zhang never held a senior executive position at the company or a managerial position.It could not be determined where Zhang is now. He could not be contacted for comment. Sun did not respond to a request for comments sent through China's anti-theft inspectors (the Central Disciplinary Inspection Commission) and the State Council Information Office.Zhang's case highlights how China's largest technology companies can be e wrapped up in political battles at the highest levels of the Communist Party of China. Companies like Tencent have access to coveted data as well as information about the users who provide it. Beijing's concern that technology firms may misuse or share data inappropriately has been increasing, even when authorities sometimes demand access to it for their own purposes.Anti-corruption inspectors have remained silent about Sun's alleged crimes, saying in April that he is suspected of in breach of the law. He is one of the highest-profile security officials investigated since Chinese leader Xi Jinping launched an extensive anti-corruption campaign against law enforcement authorities last year.Authorities have not confirmed that Zhang is under investigation.As research on Zhang, Pony Ma, Tencent's founder and multimillion-dollar CEO, develops, has not been seen publicly in mainland China or in person at major public events. He's been spending most of his time in Hong Kong, people familiar with it said.Ma has not been charged with any crime. Noresponded to requests for comment. Requests for comment were not responded to by the Information Office of the State Council of China and the Central Disciplinary Inspection Commission.Zhang joined Tencent in 2018, according to people familiar with the matter. Born in 1968, he spent most of his career in a Department of the Communist Party Central Committee overseeing the appointments of top party officials, according to documents from the stock exchange of a state-owned company listed in Shenzhen, where he worked before moving to Tencent.As Tencent's executive responsible for government affairs, Zhang met with Chinese government officials and managed the company's relationship with ministries in Beijing.WeChatTencent's WeChat mobile app is the predominant social media platform in China. Its online chat and payment features make it an indispensable part of the daily lives of hundreds of millions of Chinese.Over the years, Tencent has collected a wealth of data through the processing of chat conversations and financial transactions of its 1.2 billion monthly active users, most of them in China. That has made WeChat a powerful surveillance tool for the Chinese government, regulating Tencent and regularly suppressing dissenting views on WeChat, the Journal reported.More recently, however, the Chinese authorities have increasingly worried that Tencent's and other tech giants' data collection systems will give them a unique vision and power over Chinese society, challenging the Communist Party's desire to monopolize such information. In recent weeks, China has published new antitrust rules targeting Internet platforms, which analysts say are motivated in part by Beijing's attempt to retake control of users' personal data.Ma's lack of public appearances, which occurred immediately after China's recent crackdown on another billionaire businessman, Jack Ma, who is not related to Pony Ma, caused concern among Tencent's current and previous employees as to why the company's founder has not seen it at events.Pony Ma's last publicly documented in-person sighting in mainland China, also known by its Chinese name, Ma Huateng, was in August 2019 in Shanghai at the World Artificial Intelligence Conference.Ma has only made virtual appearances at Tencent's company-wide end-of-year meetings since December 2019, a break from her usual practice of attending such events in person. Employees have been told that the Ma is recovering from a back injury. Ma, a representative of the National People's Congress, was absent from last year's legislative procedures in May, citing health reasons.While in-person meetings resumed largely in mainland China in mid-2020, Ma missed a ceremony in October marking the 40th anniversary of China's first special economic zone in Shenzhen, where Tencent is located.Meanwhile, Ma, 49, has participated, at least by audio, in quarterly results calls. In November, he delivered an audio speech at a philanthropic event.Ma's lower-than-usual profile has had little impact on Tencent's operation, whose income and share price reached historic highs during the pandemic whenconfined users at home flocked to their video games and digital services.Tencent is now China's most valuable publicly traded company, surpassing e-commerce giant Alibaba Group in market capitalization recently in December.Load-Date: February 12, 2021End of Document

Bolsonaro says China released production of CoronavacCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 25, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 278 wordsBodyPresident Jair Bolsonaro (no party) announced on Monday, 25, that China has released the export of 5,400 liters of supplies needed for the production of coronavac vaccine,developed by the Butantan Institute in partnership with the pharmaceutical company Sinovac. The lot is expected to arrive in Brazil "in the coming days," the president reported."The Chinese Embassy informed us in the morning that the export of the 5,400 liters of production for the Coronavac vaccine has been approved and are already in an airport area for prompt shipment to Brazil, arriving in the coming days. So also the insums of the Astra-Zeneca vaccine that are being released," Bolsonaro wrote on Facebook.- The Chinese Embassy informed us in the morning that the export of the 5400 liters of intake for the Coronavac vaccine was...Posted by Jair Messias Bolsonaro on Monday, January 25, 2021 Bolsonaro said he thanked the Chinese government for the sensitivity, as well as for the commitment of foreign ministers Ernesto Araújo, Health, Eduardo Pazuello, and Agriculture, Tereza Cristina.Next to the publication, Bolsonaro shared an October 2019 photo alongside China's President Xi Jinping,in which they both appear holding a Flamengo coat, a gift from the Brazilian after a bilateral meeting at the People's Palace in Beijing. According to Veja magazine, the sweater had been a second-hand gift, given by a Chinese fan.According to announced the governor of São Paulo, João Doria (PSDB), for tomorrow is planned meeting between the state government and the Chinese ambassador, Yang Wanming, in order to set the quantity and deadline for sending new shipments of insums to the immunizer.Load-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

Brands that avoid using Xinjiang cotton should be respectedTechNews: Illinois Institute of TechnologyMarch 29, 2021 MondayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 416 wordsByline: Arika HoBodyA Weibo account administered by the Chinese authorities called for boycotts on clothing brands that expressed concerns on using cotton from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region . After pointing the finger on the Swedish multinational retailer H&M, more western apparel brands like Adidas, Nike, and Burberry were being targeted. The Chinese government condemned the brands of making false statements on any suspected forced labor in XUAR. Social media posts from the Chinese public showed actions of boycott. From taking down the H&M signage at shopping plazas, burning Nike and Adidas shoes, dumping clothes from the concerning brands, to pulling off keyboard keys "H," "&," and "M," the anger spanned over the Chinese internet. The Chinese e-commerce platforms Alibaba and JD.com took down the relevant products from sale. Also, some mainland Chinese and Hong Kong celebrities terminated the contracts with these fashion companies in support of the #ISupportXJCotton campaign. International business is tied to the playbook of international politics. The Chinese emergence encourages multinational companies to do business on the land of China, and the trade-off is to follow the rules set by the Chinese government. Instead of being in crises, some businesses take this XUAR cotton incident as an opportunity. Anta Sport, the parent company of FILA China, stated that it would continue to use XUAR cotton. MUJI from Japan advertised the products made with "Xinjiang cotton."The Chinese patriotism is impressive; however, it again assures the fact that mainland China is still a close-minded society when it comes to politics and national pride. To counteract in a propagandic way, Chinese authorities led the public to refuse any criticism from the global community. To defend the blame of human rights issue inflected by the XUAR cotton incident, the Chinese spokesman pointed to the black slavery history in the United States, presenting a picture of the black slaves "being forced to work" in the cotton fields.What is at stake to me or anyone who respects human rights is still the ethnic and cultural cleansing in XUAR. The agenda that the Chinese government attempted to fool its people and the world does not convince me to support the boycott, and to accept any childish acts to express the outrage. Despite hard decisions against the principle of maximizing profit, these retailers should choose social responsibility and justice over pleasing the nation that understates human rights.Load-Date: March 29, 2021End of Document

70 Harvard Organizations Demand Law School Graduate Brother's Release from Chinese Detention CampThe Harvard Crimson: Harvard UniversityJanuary 12, 2021 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: COLLEGE NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 1101 wordsBodyMore than 70 Harvard student organizations from across the University signed a statement demanding the release of Ekpar Asat - the brother of Rayhan Asat, Harvard Law School's first Uighur graduate - from a Xinjiang internment camp.The statement, written by the Harvard Law School Advocates for Human Rights, calls for the "immediate release" of Ekpar Asat and for "swift accountability for the mass atrocities continuing to be committed against this ethnic group.""As Harvard students, we lend our support to Rayhan Asat in her fight to secure her brother's release and seek justice for the Uighur community," the statement reads. "We join widespread calls for the United States government and the international community to demand that the Chinese government end their long-standing and systematic oppression of the Uighur ethnic minority."International human rights groups estimate more than 1 million people have been held in the so-called "re-education" camps, and allege that ethnic Muslims are subjected to religious persecution and forced sterilization in the camps. In response to what it called human rights violations, the United States issued sanctions against several Chinese officials involved in July.Rayhan Asat said she was surprised that the Chinese government chose to detain her brother, particularly given his dearth of anti-government activity."I just never thought it would happen to my brother because he's never critical of the Chinese government," she said.Ekpar Asat, a tech entrepreneur and philanthropist, founded a social media platform for Uighurs in his college years. In 2016, Asat participated in the U.S. Department of State's International Visitor Leadership Program, which boasts alumni including New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and United Nations Secretary-General António Gueterres."The Chinese government did approve him to come to this trip - it's a government-approved trip between the United States and China," Rayhan Asat said. "And the program is designed to promote [the] U.S.-China relationship."When Ekpar Asat came to the U.S. to attend the program, he and his sister made arrangements for their immediate family to return to America for Rayhan Asat's graduation from the Law School. .css-12m1k7q{display:block;margin:0px auto;width:100%;max-width:100%;background:transparent;padding:10px 0px;}.css-12m1k7q .ad-tag{font-family:'Colaborate Light','Lucida Sans Unicode',sans-serif;color:#333333;text-align:center;font-size:0.7em;text-transform:uppercase;display:block;}.css-12m1k7q .ad-body{width:-webkit-fit-content;width:-moz-fit-content;width:fit-content;margin:0px auto;text-align:center;}Advertisement"Our agreement was that he would be coming back for my graduation in two months time - he got the visa and everything," Asat said, who is a U.S. permanent resident. "We thought that we were going to see each other - never had I ever thought that would be the last time I'd be seeing him."Asat's brother disappeared three weeks after his return from the U.S. Her parents told her that they would no longer be able to attend her Law School graduation as planned because a family member was ill, but Asat suspected something was wrong.It was only four years later - in January 2020 - that she got official confirmation of what had happened. She met with members of Congress to advocate for her brother in December 2019, who then sent a letter asking the Chinese government about the whereabouts of Ekpar Asat. In response, Beijing officials said that Ekpar Asat had been sentenced to fifteen years in prison on grounds of "inciting ethnic hatred and ethnic discrimination."Law School student Sondra R. P. Anton, director of activism at HLS's Advocates for Human Rights, said the writers of the statement strived to humanize Rayhan Asat's story. Anton said that, too often, mass atrocity and genocide are rendered "faceless" and "nameless.""Rayhan could have been any of us," she said.Tzofiya M. Bookstein '23, who first became involved in Uighur advocacy last spring, said she was able to contribute to Rayhan Asat's campaign through collaborating with the Jewish Movement for Uighur Freedom, an international initiative she helped found in 2020."Something that was really amazing with this petition was that the network kind of activated, and I could bring in people who I had worked with in my own community to amplify this petition and have them reach out to their networks," Bookstein said. "It was a really amazing way to bring the two initiatives together." .css-4kxa28{display:block;margin:0px auto;max-width:640px;z-index:20;position:relative;}.css-4kxa28 > div{box-sizing:content-box;padding:0px 20px;margin:1em auto;}.css-4kxa28 > div.shortcode-left{float:left;}.css-4kxa28 > div.shortcode-right{float:right;}.css-4kxa28 > div.shortcode-small{max-width:200px;}.css-4kxa28 > div.shortcode-medium{max-width:400px;}.css-4kxa28 > div.shortcode-large{max-width:600px;}.css-4kxa28 > div.shortcode-xlarge{max-width:1000px;}.css-4kxa28 > div.shortcode-fullscreen{padding:0px;}Rayhan Asat with a photo of her brother, Ekpar. By Courtesy of Rayhan AsatRebecca S. Araten '22, a former Crimson News editor involved with the Jewish Movement for Uighur Freedom, highlighted the breadth of student organizations that had signed the statement, many of which hold no political affiliations."There are progressive organizations, there are cultural and affinity organizations, there are pre-med related organizations, and just a lot of groups that are seeing this issue not as something political," she said. "They're signing on because this is a human rights issue, and there's no way to not support Ekpar and his freedom." AdvertisementRebecca N. Thrope '22, a member of the campaign, wrote in an email that she was moved by Rayhan Asat's consideration for supporters despite her difficult situation."Working with Rayhan has taught me so much about the care it takes to sustain this effort," Thrope wrote. "She time and time again cares for us as she boosts our morale and pushes us to achieve more ambitious goals."Rayhan Asat wrote an opinion piece for The Crimson in June of 2020, in which she details the story of her brother, his detainment, and her advocacy efforts that demand the Chinese government release Ekpar from the Xinjiang detention center."Many of you will be shapers and movers of our society," Asat wrote in her editorial. "Therefore, I ask you: Join the fight, be the light, be the integrity, be the voice for my brother, and my people. Because you are my people too."-Staff writer Emmy M. Cho can be reached at emmy.cho@thecrimson.comLoad-Date: January 12, 2021End of Document

Elon Musk denies Tesla cars are used for espionage in ChinaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 23, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 258 wordsBodyElon Musk, the chief executive of electric car maker Tesla, said his company would be "shut down" if its vehicles were used?? to spy on China.His comments came in response to reports that China's military has banned Tesla cars from its facilities. The military raised security questions about the data collected by cameras installed in the cars.China is Tesla's largest market after the U.S., accounting for about a quarter of the company's global sales by 2020. Last Saturday (20), Musk said that if a company engages in the espionage of a foreign government, "the negative effects for this company will be extremely bad"."There is a strong incentive for us to be very confidential with any information," Musk said at an influential Chinese business forum via a video link. "If Tesla used cars to spy in China or anywhere, we'd be closed."Relations between China and the US - the world's two largest economies - have been at their most tense point for years. Earlier this week, officials from both countries exchanged provocations in the first high-level talks between the Chinese government and the government of U.S. President Joe Biden.Musk called for greater mutual trust between China and the U.S., where Tesla is based in California. He sought to minimize concerns about companies that share sensitive data with their local governments, referring to the case of Chinese-owned video platform TikTok.Elon Musk's auto company obtained approval for its Shanghai plant in 2018, becoming the first foreign automaker to operate its own plant in China.Load-Date: March 24, 2021End of Document

Trump signs executive order banning transactions with eight Chinese appsUPIJanuary 5, 2021 Tuesday 8:07 PM ESTCopyright 2021 U.P.I. All Rights ReservedLength: 240 wordsByline: DANIEL URIADateline: Jan. 5 BodyPresident Donald Trump on Tuesday signed an executive order banning transactions with the companies behind eight Chinese apps.The order prohibits certain future transactions with the companies associated with the apps Alipay, CamScanner, QQ Wallet, SHAREit, Tencent QQ, VMate, WeChat Pay and WPS Office."The United States has assessed that a number of Chinese connected software applications automatically capture vast swaths of information from millions of users in the United States, including sensitive personally identifiable information and private information, which would allow the [Peoples Republic of China] and [Chinese Communist Party] access to Americans' personal and proprietary information," the order stated.In response to the order, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross said the department will "begin implementing the E.O.'s directives, including identifying prohibited transactions related to certain Chinese connected software applications."National security adviser Robert O'Brien said the order was issued in response to Chinese government policies requiring all companies to "support the Chinese Communist Party's political objectives" in an attempt to "co-opt or coerce civilian enterprises into assisting the People's Liberation Army."In August, Trump signed a pair of executive orders banning transactions with ByteDance, the owner of the widely popular video-sharing TikTok app, and WeChat's Tencent Holdings Ltd.Load-Date: January 5, 2021End of Document

China pushes conspiracy theories on COVID origin, vaccinesAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 25, 2021 Monday 1:41 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; POLITICAL NEWSLength: 947 wordsByline: HUIZHONG WU, Associated PressDateline: TAIPEI, Taiwan BodyTAIPEI, Taiwan (AP) — Chinese state media have stoked concerns about Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine, despite rigorous trials indicating it is safe. A government spokesperson has raised the unsubstantiated theory that the coronavirus could have emerged from a U.S. military lab, giving it more credence in China.As the ruling Communist Party faces growing questioning about China's vaccines and renewed criticism of its early COVID-19 response, it is hitting back by encouraging conspiracy theories that some experts say could cause harm.State media and officials are sowing doubts about Western vaccines and the origin of the coronavirus in an apparent bid to deflect the attacks. Both issues are in the spotlight because of the rollout of vaccines globally and the recent arrival of a World Health Organization team in Wuhan, China, to investigate the origins of the virus.Some of these conspiracy theories find a receptive audience at home. The social media hashtag “American’s Ft. Detrick,” started by the Communist Youth League, was viewed at least 1.4 billion times last week after a Foreign Ministry spokesperson called for a WHO investigation of the biological weapons lab in Maryland.“It’s purpose is to shift the blame from mishandling by (the) Chinese government in the pandemic’s early days to conspiracy by the U.S.,” said Fang Shimin, a now-U.S.-based writer known for exposing faked degrees and other fraud in Chinese science. “The tactic is quite successful because of widespread anti-American sentiment in China.”Yuan Zeng, an expert on Chinese media at the University of Leeds in Great Britain, said the government’s stories spread so widely that even well-educated Chinese friends have asked her whether they might be true.Inflaming doubts and spreading conspiracy theories might add to public health risks as governments try to dispel unease about vaccines, she said, saying, “That is super, super dangerous.”In the latest volley, state media called for an investigation into the deaths of 23 elderly people in Norway after they received the Pfizer vaccine. An anchor at CGTN, the English-language station of state broadcaster CCTV, and the Global Times newspaper accused Western media of ignoring the news.Health experts say deaths unrelated to the vaccine are possible during mass vaccination campaigns, and a WHO panel has concluded that the vaccine did not play a “contributory role” in the Norway deaths.The state media coverage followed a report by researchers in Brazil who found the effectiveness of a Chinese vaccine lower than previously announced. Researchers initially said Sinovac’s vaccine is 78% effective, but the scientists revised that to 50.4% after including mildly symptomatic cases.After the Brazil news, researchers at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, a government-supported think tank, reported seeing an increase in Chinese media disinformation about vaccines.Dozens of online articles on popular health and science blogs and elsewhere have explored questions about the effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine at length, drawing on an op-ed published this month in the British Medical Journal that raised questions about its clinical trial data.“It’s very embarrassing” for the government, Fang said in an email. As a result, China is trying to raise doubts about the Pfizer vaccine to save face and promote its vaccines, he said.Senior Chinese government officials have not been shy in voicing concerns about the mRNA vaccines developed by Western drug companies. They use a newer technology than the more traditional approach of the Chinese vaccines currently in use.In December, the director of the Chinese Centers for Disease Control, Gao Fu, said he can’t rule out negative side effects from the mRNA vaccines. Noting this is the first time they are being given to healthy people, he said, “there are safety concerns.”The Pfizer mRNA vaccine and another one developed by Moderna have passed both animal and human trials in which they were tested on more than 70,000 people.The arrival of the WHO mission has brought back persistent criticism that China allowed the virus to spread globally by reacting too slowly in the beginning, even reprimanding doctors who tried to warn the public. The visiting researchers will begin field work this week after being released from a 14-day quarantine.The Communist Party sees the WHO investigation as a political risk because it focuses attention on China’s response, said Jacob Wallis, a senior analyst at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute.The party wants to “distract domestic and international audiences by pre-emptively distorting the narrative on where responsibility lies for the emergence of COVID-19,” Wallis said.Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying got the ball rolling last week by reviving earlier Chinese calls for a WHO investigation of the U.S. military lab.State media have referenced past scandals at the lab, but China has given no reliable evidence to support the coronavirus theory.“If America respects the truth, then please open up Ft. Detrick and make public more information about the 200 or more bio-labs outside of the U.S., and please allow the WHO expert group to go to the U.S. to investigate the origins,” Hua said.Her comments, publicized by state media, became one of the most popular topics on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo.China isn’t the only government to point fingers. Former U.S. President Donald Trump, trying to deflect blame for his government’s handling of the pandemic, said last year he had seen evidence the virus came from a Wuhan laboratory. While that theory has not been definitively ruled out, many experts think it is unlikely.Load-Date: January 25, 2021End of Document

China warns of retaliation for NYSE's delisting of companiesAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 2, 2021 Saturday 12:02 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 283 wordsDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) — China said Saturday that it would take necessary countermeasures in response to the New York Stock Exchange’s announcement that it would delist three major Chinese telecoms, in the latest flare-up of tensions between Beijing and Washington.The stock exchange said Thursday that it would delist China Telecom Corp. Ltd., China Mobile Ltd. and China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd., with trading of the companies to be suspended sometime between Jan. 7 and Jan. 11.The move stems from an executive order President Donald Trump issued on Nov. 12 barring investment in publicly traded companies that the U.S. government says are owned or controlled by the Chinese military.“China opposes the Americans from abusing national security by listing Chinese companies into the so-called ‘Communist China Military Companies’ list and will take the necessary countermeasures to resolutely safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of Chinese companies,” a spokesperson for the Chinese Commerce Ministry said in a statement.The actions will also “greatly weaken all parties’ confidence in the U.S. capital market,” the statement said.The ministry did not offer details on what the measures might be.Under Trump, the U.S. has stepped up economic sanctions and travel bans against Chinese companies, government officials and Communist Party members, especially recently in Trump’s last few weeks in office.In December, the U.S. announced plans to limit visas for members of the Chinese Communist Party and their family members to one month, instead of 10 years.Chinese tech giant Huawei has been shut out of the U.S. market and the U.S. has lobbied other countries to follow suit, albeit with mixed results.Load-Date: January 2, 2021End of Document

"Hard and direct" talks between US and China alert difficult relationship under Biden governmentCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 20, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 530 wordsBodyU.S.- Chinese and U.S. officials ended what Washington called "hard and direct" talks in Alaska, which highlighted tensions between the world's two largest economies at the start of Joe Biden's administration.During the two days of meetings, the first high-level in-person talks since Biden took office concluded after an unusual start on Thursday, when the parties publicly criticized the other's policies in front of the television cameras.The rivalry shown evoked that the two countries had few common ground to restore relations that have sunk to the lowest level in decades, outpoicing diplomatic progress issues, as expected.Prior to discussions in Anchorage, which followed visits by U.S. officials to allies Japan and South Korea, it was marked by a series of Washington movements that showed that it was taking a firm stance, as well as a Frankish speech from Beijing warning the United States that no illusions were being made about a compromise.We were hoping to have tough, direct conversations on a wide range of topics, and that's exactly what we had, White House National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters moments after the Chinese delegation left the hotel meeting room.Members of China's delegation left the hotel without talking to reporters, but Beijing's top diplomat Yang Jiechi later told his country's CGTN television network that the discussions had been constructive and beneficial.(...) but, of course, there are still differences. China will firmly safeguard national sovereignty, security and development," Yang said.For his part, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken externed that he was not surprised that the United States obtained a "defensive response" from China after it expressed concern about human rights abuses in Xinjiang, Tibet, and Hong Kong, as well as cyberattacks and pressure on Taiwan.However, Blinken stated that the two sides also had cross-interests over Iran, North Korea, Afghanistan, and climate change, and that the United States had achieved during the meetings what it had come to do.In economics, trade and technology, we told our counterparts that we are reviewing these issues in close consultation with Congress, with our allies and partners, and we will advance them in a way that fully protects and promotes the interests of our workers and our companies," Blinken said.In turn, Chinese State Councillor Wang Yi, who joined the meetings, was cited on state television as saying that they had told the US side that China's sovereignty was a matter of principle and should not underestimate Beijing's determination to defend it.Following Blinken's opening message Thursday about China's challenge to a rules-based international order, Yang resoned with a long speech questioning U.S. democracy and foreign and trade policies.The United States also accused China of "grandiloquence" for its national audience, and both partiessuggested that the other had broken diplomatic protocol.Faced with rebukes in front of reporters, a senior Washington official told reporters that as soon as the media left the room, the two sides "immediately got to work" and held substantive talks. With information from The EconomistLoad-Date: March 21, 2021End of Document

What a central bank's digital currencies are and how they workCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 6, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1056 wordsBodyByJulio SevaresEconomist In the last decade, the dissemination of electronic means of payments - as a result of reducing cash utilization - accelerated, and numerous private digital currencies (cryptocurrencies) were created. This trend accelerated with the economic fragmentation created by the pandemic.In this context, many central banks assess the possibility of issuing a central bank digital currency, or sovereign digital currency. Surveys conducted by the Bank for International Payments (BPI or BIS) among more than 60 central banks show that most have projects to launch such currencies. So far the only central bank that issued a digital currency is the Bahamas (the SandDollar), in 2020; Ecuador had three years of experience and Cambodia's central bank launched an official payment system that does not become a digital currency. The largest economy country with more advanced projects and tests in sovereign digital currency is China.What is an MDBC The issuance of a central bank digital currency (MDBC) would be to replace the paper banknote - and its registration in bank accounts - with electronic pulses and would influence, depending on the design adopted by the central bank, a wide range of economic fields and social relations. The MDBC is issued by the central bank in the form of an electronic pulse and is distributed directly by the bank and/or through intermediaries in the financial sector, to users of the state or private sector. Unlike private digital currencies or cryptocurrencies, issued in different formats by private agents, the issuance of the MDBC is centralized in the central bank, and is legal in course, that is, of forced acceptance by the public and private sector (must be accepted as a means of payment for goods and services and taxes). Its value relative to other currencies is determined in the same way as the conventional currency: by the market (in a floating exchange rate system, influenced or not by central bank policies) or by the central bank (in a fixed exchange rate system). The digital currency system may have, synthetically, different designs: - wholesale currency for use by the central bank and banks (interbank circuit) or retail, for circulation between the public; - Monetary administration can be decentralized, through blockchains (independent ledger technology), such as private cryptocurrencies, or by a centralized central bank system. The latter gives the bank a monopoly on registration and monitoring, but at the cost of having to have the technological resources to manage and safeguard cyber security, whichis one of the great challenges of the digital monetary system.Effect on monetary policy The central bank can follow in the footsteps of the digital currencies issued, knowing who has and where it spends the money, allowing it to make a monetary policy of finer tuning. This follow-up also serves fiscal policy because it allows us to know in detail where budgeted expenditure is made.One topic under discussion in financial bodies (BPI, IMF, etc.) and in banks and analysts is what happens if the digital currency provides interest. In this case it would be similar to a financial asset and, giving positive interest, could compete with the financial system in attracting funds. With negative interests it would help economic policy in cases of recession because it would encourage it to detach itself from the currency in consumption orinvestment, but it would involve a de-value take-off of the currency that would affect its holders, which can be considered as an implicit tax (just as inflation reduces the value of money in what is often referred to as the "inflationary tax"). Digital currency, global currency?  A digital currency can reduce costs and transaction times for the benefit of the domestic economy and cross-border (international) operations. Therefore, the large economy that first issues a sovereign digital currency acquires a strategic advantage because it can expand its use in the trade, finance and foreign exchange reserves of companies and central banks. But this provided that the issuer awakens confidence and the currency is stable.Social effects The central bank digital currency can reduce transaction and financing costs, improve the allocation of social funds, and encourage financial inclusion of lagging sectors. Following the path of the money issued serves the fight of crime (washing, evasion, drug trafficking, corruption, etc.). But it can also be, as raised in the assessments on the subject, an instrument of social control,which is disturbing in the cases of authoritarian governments.China's digital currency China is the largest economy country at the forefront of launching a central bank digital currency. The project officially began in 2014 and in 2020 the People's Bank of China (central bank) conducted tests in several major cities, including Shanghai and Shenzhen, where it distributed digital wallets to people drawn, directly by the central bank or through banks and private payment systems such as Alipay and WeChat, companies that handle 80% of those payments. The Chinese government announced that it plans to distribute its digital currency during the 2022 Winter Olympics, among locals and foreign visitors. The Chinese market is conducive to this type of currency because of the high use of digital means of payments with cell phones (see Jorge Castro in Economic Supplement 28/02/2021). This situation is the counter-concentration of the banking system's service in large companies and in higher-income swaths of people.One objective stated by the Chinese Government is to encourage the greater supply of savings and investment instruments and credit at lower cost. For its part, the digital user currency and identifiable operations provides the government with a new instrument to the already developed Chinese system of monitoring people and companies. Another objective, set by Xi Jinping in 2020, is to make a strategic profit by promoting the use of yuan/renminbi in the rest of the world by private actors, states and institutions, which is part of the renminbi's internationalization policy initiated in 2006. China's advanced is therefore a comprehensive policy of monetary modernization, financial development, strengthening its sovereignty and strengthening social control.Load-Date: March 7, 2021End of Document

China Cold Chain Logistics Industry Outlook to 2025 by Service, Temperature Type, Application and Company (with COVID-19 Impact Analysis)GlobeNewswireJanuary 22, 2021 Friday 5:48 AM PTCopyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1039 wordsBodyDublin, Jan.  22, 2021  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "China Cold Chain Logistics Market: Growth, Trends and Forecasts (2020-2025)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.  The market for cold chain logistics in China is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of more than 9% during the forecast period (2020-2025).China has a huge consumer population for agricultural products and currently accounts for about 60% of the world's total vegetable production, 30% of fruit and meat production, and 40% of eggs and aquatic products.With the increase in the disposable income of the middle class and upper-middle-class in the country, people are willing to spend for and pay more attention to the various diversity of fresh agricultural products, food safety and the quality of fresh agricultural products. In order to fulfill the demand, the market is actively embracing the cold chain solutions for their operational activities.Key Market TrendsChanges in Consumer Habits Fueling the Demand for Cold Chain FacilitiesThe cold chain market of China is likely to become the most rewarding sub-industry in the logistics sector backed by the changing consumption patterns and increasing demand for commodities like fresh food and medicine. The Chinese residents see a change in food consumption backed by the increased disposable income and growing market demand for the cold chain of food alongside the accelerating urbanization in China.Cold chain logistics in China is mainly driven by meat, seafood, quick-frozen food, fruits & vegetables, and dairy products. Fruit & vegetable market holds the largest market segment in terms of cold chain circulation followed by seafood.Chinese governments at all levels are racking up the investments in cold chain infrastructure, facilitating enlargement of cold chain logistics. In 2019, the Chinese cold chain logistics market showed an annual compound rate growth of 10.5% between 2010 and 2019.Major e-commerce players and logistics giants like JD.com are focusing on collaborating or establishing self-operating cold chain warehouses in order to expand their cold-chain delivery services in the country.Developments in Chinese Biotech SectorThe Chinese biotech is particularly undergoing notable developments. Many biotech firms in the market are building on recent progress in genomics, focusing on rare genetic diseases.The development is supported by the Chinese rules and regulation acting as a layer of protection for the market. The rules of sharing of medical information are very stringent as compared to the US and other developed countries, which means Chinese companies have access to far more patient data than their western rivals.The Chinese government is pumping billions into biotech research and development. According to official figures, scientific R&D spending topped USD 291 billion in 2018, just over 2% of gross domestic product, and the government is targeting even higher spending of 2.5% of GDP this year.The Chinese government has introduced a centralised procurement process, known as 4+7 bulk tendering intended to bring down prices for common drugs. This regulatory change has helped the generic drugmakers focus on volume and big companies with advanced research teams chase higher margins.Competitive LandscapeThe Chinese cold chain market is highly fragmented with Sinotrans, SF Express and Beijing Ershang Group as its leading players in the market. The demand for cold chain facilities has led to a large number of small players in the market with a low degree of specialisation, leading to problems like high operating costs and unbalanced and insufficient development.Subsequently, the market is experiencing collaborations and new entries of companies to set up their firm foot in the market. For instance, in July 2019 Japanese trading company Marubeni announced its joint venture with Chinese logistics startup G7 to lease refrigerated trailers to Chinese customers seeking to meet fast-growing demand for fresh food.Also, the Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com teamed up with Mengniu Dairy Co Ltd, China's major dairy maker, in the cold chain logistics sector to make its nationwide network available to Mengniu for its frozen products.  Key Topics Covered   1 INTRODUCTION1.1 Study Deliverables1.2 Study Assumptions1.3 Scope of the Study2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY2.1 Analysis Methodology2.2 Research Phases3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS AND INSIGHTS4.1 Current Market Scenario4.2 Market Dynamics4.2.1 Drivers4.2.2 Restraints4.2.3 Opportunities4.3 Technological Trends and Automation4.4 Government Regulations and Initiatives4.5 Industry Value Chain/Supply Chain Analysis4.6 Spotlight on Ambient/Temperature-controlled Storage4.7 Industry Attractiveness - Porter's Five Forces Analysis4.8 Impact of Emission Standards and Regulations on Cold Chain Industry4.9 Impact of COVID-19 on the Market5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 By Services5.1.1 Storage5.1.2 Transportation5.1.3 Value-added Services (Blast Freezing, Labeling, Inventory Management, etc.)5.2 By Temperature Type5.2.1 Chilled5.2.2 Frozen5.3 By Application5.3.1 Horticulture (Fresh Fruits & Vegetables)5.3.2 Dairy Products (Milk, Ice-cream, Butter, etc.)5.3.3 Meats, Fish, Poultry5.3.4 Processed Food Products5.3.5 Pharma, Life Sciences, and Chemicals5.3.6 Other Applications6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Market Concentration Overview6.2 Company Profiles6.2.1 Sinotrans Ltd.6.2.2 SF Express6.2.3 Beijing Ershang Group6.2.4 Shanghai Jin Jiang International Industrial Investment Co. Ltd.6.2.5 Nichirei Logistics Group Inc.6.2.6 Shandong Gaishi International Logistics Group (Gaishi Group)6.2.7 Henan Fresh Easy Supply Chain Co., Ltd. (Xianyi Holding, China)6.2.8 HNA Cold Chain6.2.9 CJ Rokin Logistics and Supply Chain Co. Ltd.6.2.10 Zhenjiang Hengwei Supply Chain Management Co. Ltd.6.2.11 Hunan Hongxing Frozen Food6.2.12 Shanghai Speed Fresh Logistics Co. Ltd.6.2.13 Chengdu Silverplow Low-temperature Logistics6.2.14 China Merchants Americold (CMAC)7 FUTURE OF CHINA COLD CHAIN LOGISTICS MARKET For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/yrrvis Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research. CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Load-Date: January 22, 2021End of Document

CLUBHOUSE SECURITY ISSUES COULD POSE RISKS FOR CHINA-BASED USERS: REPORTStates News ServiceFebruary 16, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 1036 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:The hugely popular audio chat app Clubhouse, which was recently blocked by the ruling Chinese Communist Party (CCP), could pose a security threat to users, particularly those based in China, according to U.S.-based security researchers.The app opened a rare window of opportunity for users in China to speak freely in Clubhouse's moderated audio forums, in Mandarin, and beyond the Great Firewall of government censorship.Users reported unprecedented conversations on normally banned topics between China-based users, who are fed the CCP's official narrative on most topics for much of the time, and activists in less censored countries, as well as those in democratic Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Xinjiang, according to user accounts posted to social media.But according to the Stanford Internet Observatory (SIO), concerns were also raised about how much user data could reach the Chinese authorities."The Stanford Internet Observatory has confirmed that Agora, a Shanghai-based provider of real-time engagement software, supplies back-end infrastructure to the Clubhouse App," the SIO said in a report published on its blog."This relationship had previously been widely suspected but not publicly confirmed."The report said users' Clubhouse ID numbers and chatroom ID numbers were transmitted to Agora unencrypted, and that the company could also access raw audio generated by users, "potentially providing access to the Chinese government.""It is also likely possible to connect Clubhouse IDs with user profiles," the report said, adding that the findings suggest "immediate security risks to Clubhouse's millions of users, particularly those in China."SIO said it had discovered other security vulnerabilities that it had informed Clubhouse about privately, choosing to wait to report on them until after they had been patched.Agora is a Shanghai-based start-up, with U.S. headquarters in Silicon Valley, that sells a "real-time voice and video engagement" platform for other software companies to build upon, the SIO report said."It provides the nuts-and-bolts infrastructure so that other apps, like Clubhouse, can focus on interface design, specific functionalities, and the overall user experience," it said.However, Agora would be unlikely to have access to audio stored by Clubhouse, as long as it remained in the United States.Required to cooperateChinese companies are required by China's National Security Law to cooperate with any government requests made in the name of "national security," an umbrella concept that the CCP already liberally applies to any form of public dissent or rights activism, as well as to targeted criticism of the CCP or political opposition.Clubhouse states that audio records of conversations are held "temporarily," without specifying how long they are held for, the SIO said.It said the Chinese goverment could legally demand audio or other user data stored in China, if the app's creator had any partner or subsidiary in China with access to that data.It is possible that the Chinese government can access mainland users' data by eavesdropping on web traffic, as well as through in-person spying from within chatrooms, the report said.Clubhouse said in a statement that it is deeply committed to data protection and user privacy."Over the next 72 hours, we are rolling out changes to add additional encryption and blocks to prevent Clubhouse clients from ever transmitting pings to Chinese servers," it said."We also plan to engage an external data security firm to review and validate these changes."Shen Po-yang, an infosec expert on the democratic island of Tiwan, said more measures may be needed to prevent the authorities from identifying users via voiceprints."This voiceprint data is on the Agora platform," Shen told RFA. "It may not wind up being stored there, but it has to pass through there, so they could intercept it.""And if it's unencrypted, they'll be able to open it up and take a look."Building a databaseLee Kin-kwan, information security and technology commentator for RFA's Cantonese Service, agreed."Now, there is voiceprint technology that can detect differences in people's vocal cords and in the sounds they make ... using computer analysis ... that may not be detectable to the ears alone," Lee said in a recent analysis of the risks of using Clubhouse in China."Voiceprints are one of the biometric authentication methods adopted by banks and other institutions," Lee said. "Customers who pass voiceprint authentication can just call up the customer service hotline without a password or even a bank account number, as soon as they start talking with bank staff.""If voiceprints ... are used to identify Clubhouse users, that's pretty scary," he said, adding that the authorities are able to build a database of voiceprints without phone users knowing that their voices were sampled.Given that phone service users require real names and ID to register an account, the voiceprints can be easily matched to personal details, Lee said.Taiwan-based rights activist Lin Hsin-yi said the level of risk was still hard to gauge for people in China, and that she would be watching closely for further updates on Clubhouse's security vulnerabilities.'Drinking tea'Another Taiwan-based user nicknamed Hsiao Y said he had been in a room hosted by Australia-based political cartoonist Badiucao, titled "Did anyone get invited to drink tea because of Clubhouse?" in a reference to being interviewed by China's feared state security police."A lot of people in China dropped in to talk, and talked a lot about their experiences of being invited to drink tea in the past, but not because of Clubhouse," Hsiao Y said.He said most social media had some form of user monitoring in place."I believe that Facebook also monitors my voice so as to send targeted advertisements," he said. "So I think all software carries risks.""As for whether my data will be sent to China, I don't know right now, but I won't be using [Clubhouse] any more because of this issue," he said.Reported by Hsia Hsiao-hwa for RFA's Mandarin Service, and by Lee Kin-kwan for the Cantonese Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: February 16, 2021End of Document

HOSPITAL RESEARCHER SENTENCED TO PRISON FOR CONSPIRING TO STEAL TRADE SECRETS, SELL THEM IN CHINAUS Fed NewsFebruary 1, 2021 Monday 8:31 PM  ESTCopyright 2021 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 762 wordsBodyWASHINGTON, Feb. 1 -- The U.S. Department of Justice issued the following press release:A former Dublin, Ohio, woman was sentenced in U.S. District Court today to 30 months in prison for conspiring to steal exosome-related trade secrets concerning the research, identification and treatment of a range of pediatric medical conditions.Li Chen, 47, also conspired to commit wire fraud.Chen admitted in her guilty plea in July 2020 to stealing scientific trade secrets related to exosomes and exosome isolation from Nationwide Children's Hospital's Research Institute for her own personal financial gain.Chen and her husband, co-conspirator Yu Zhou, 50, worked in separate medical research labs at the Research Institute for 10 years each (Zhou from 2007 until 2017 and Chen from 2008 until 2018). They pleaded guilty to conspiring to steal at least five trade secrets related to exosome research from Nationwide Children's Hospital.Exosomes play a key role in the research, identification and treatment of a range of medical conditions, including necrotizing enterocolitis (a condition found in premature babies), liver fibrosis and liver cancer.Court documents detail that Chen conspired to steal and then monetize one of the trade secrets by creating and selling exosome "isolation kits." Chen started a company in China to sell the kits.Chen received benefits from the Chinese government, including the State Administration of Foreign Expert Affairs and the National Natural Science Foundation of China. She also applied to multiple Chinese government talent plans, a method used by China to transfer foreign research and technology to the Chinese government."For far too long, the People's Republic of China (PRC) has encouraged the outright theft of American trade secrets through Chinese government programs that reward researchers for stealing what China cannot produce through its own ingenuity," said Assistant Attorney General John C. Demers for the National Security Division."These programs, like the Thousand Talents, are not innocuous platforms for academic collaboration.Today's conclusion of yet another successful prosecution for theft of trade secrets encouraged by the PRC Government serves as a warning to all who might seek to profit from China's illicit efforts to achieve technological dominance through thievery.""Chen and her husband executed a scheme over the course of several years to set up businesses in China, steal American research and profit from doing so," said U.S. Attorney David M. DeVillers for the Southern District of Ohio. "Chen willingly took part in the Chinese government's long-term efforts to steal American intellectual property. She deserves time in federal prison.""A hospital's most important mission is to help people live longer and healthier lives. The defendant's mission, however, was to steal trade secrets and create a company in China to make money off those stolen trade secrets," said Assistant Director Alan E. Kohler Jr. of the FBI's Counterintelligence Division. "The FBI will not stop its efforts to identify people who steal technology for their own financial benefit or for the benefit of a foreign government.""Chen's sentencing today is a recognition of the seriousness of this offense," said Special Agent in Charge Chris Hoffman of the FBI's Cincinnati Division. "Chen admitted to abusing the trust of Nationwide Children's Hospital by stealing cutting-edge research to establish a company in China for her own financial gain. This sentence should serve as a deterrent to anyone else committing similar acts that the FBI will work closely with our partners to ensure the United States remains a world leader in science and technology innovation."Chen will forfeit approximately $1.25 million, 500,000 shares of common stock of Avalon GloboCare Corp. and 400 shares of common stock of GenExosome Technologies Inc. As part of her sentence, she was ordered to pay $2.6 million in restitution.Chen and Zhou were arrested in California in July 2019 and their case was unsealed in August 2019 when they appeared in federal court in Columbus. Zhou has also pleaded guilty and awaits sentencing.The FBI Cincinnati Division investigated the case. Assistant U.S. Attorneys S. Courter Shimeall, Peter K. Glenn-Applegate, Special Assistant U.S. Attorney J. Michael Marous and National Security Division Trial Attorney Matthew J. McKenzie, are representing the United States in this case. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: February 26, 2021End of Document

China brings its pigs to the Stock ExchangeCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 22, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 998 wordsBodyIn China a pig is a symbol of good fortune and happiness. The fatter the animal, the more luck and wealth it brings with it, according to the tradition of the Asian giant. It is also an essential food in the daily diet, as it is the main source of protein among the population. In fact, the Chinese are the world's largest consumers of pork (they gobble up nearly half of all production on the planet), and any variation in their cost significantly impacts that country's inflation rate. Giving certainty and transparency to prices, however, had not been an easy thing until a few months ago, when China opened its market for gorrino futures, after two decades of planning and having suffered the havoc of a plague that has shattered millions of piaras.Traders, ranchers and other market participants began buying and selling contracts for live pig deliveries in September and December 2021, as well as for March 2022. Exchanges are made on the Dalian Commodity Exchange, where futures of rice, soybeans, eggs and other agricultural products are traded. The financial instrument seeks to create a safety net in the face of industry swings. "Pig futures play an important role in mitigating risks for large-scale production companies that acquire live animals for slaughter, processing and selling," says Maria Lettini, CEO of farm animal investment risk & return (Fairr)."[With futures] there is hope of putting a brake on price movements, as well as providing a platform to encourage investors in production," says Rupert Claxton, analyst at international consulting firm Girafood. Since 2018, meat producers have tackled African swine fever: a highly contagious disease that is not transmitted to humans but is lethal and highly contagious among animals, and for which there is no vaccine. Since then, the cost of this meat has climbed historic levels and plunged into an unstoppable roller coaster, even though the Chinese government declared the epidemic under control at the end of 2019 and that some sporadic outbreaks are still reported.The disease reduced the pig population by 60% between 2018 and 2019, according to Reuters estimates. Official statistics suggest that China had about 418 million pigs in July 2018. In September 2019, piara reached 264 million (down 36.8%).). "But there is no reliable data," warns Jim Huang, ceo of analytics consultancy China-America Commodity Data Analytics. "The reduction could have been up to 70%," he says. The reason? The country's great production of transpathy.What is a fact is that controlling the health crisis became a matter of state. Especially since the cost of raw material has a direct impact on inflation. For example, in October 2019, when the price of pork climbed historical levels, the CPI stood at 3.8%, exceeding the government's target of 3%. By January 2020- already with the looming covid-19, which forced confinement and food supply and collection- the CPI reached 5.4%, its biggest rise since 2011. The price of meat generally rose 76.7%, which contributed to raising the CPI by 3.38 percentage points. In particular, the cost of pork to the consumer increased by 116% year-on-year and was responsible for 2.76 percentage points of price hikes, according to the National Bureau of Statistics (ONE).But as the piaras recovered (thanks to the government's $30 billion million investmentto revive the sector) and the confinement measures were relaxed, inflation was giving way. As early as October last year, the pig market showed signs of recovery, with 64 million pigs incorporated into the piara, according to figures from consultancy CEIC Data. The CPI then reached negative ground (-0.5% in November), its first contraction in 11 years. At the end of the year, the index finished at 2.5%.Stable supply"The government's priority is to ensure a broad supply and a stable pork price," Huang adds. Recovery is still ongoing. It will be until 2024 that the market still feels the havoc of the epidemic, according to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). For this year the estimate is that the size of the piara will grow to 80% of the number of animals that were before the plague, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The epidemic, according to an analysis by Bloomberg agency, has changed the landscape by giving the advantage to larger-scale companies. In 2019, about 48% of swine production came from farmers with an annual production of less than 500 pigs. 36% were those with between 500 and 50,000 animals. Large producers, with more than 50,000 pigs, accounted for less than 15%. And it is the latter that will best be able to adapt to the demands of the futures market. "China wants to give security to its producers, especially the big ones," says Daniel de Miguel, interpoc's international director. Meeting standards is not easy.Each of the contracts operating in the futures market is equivalent to 16 metric tons, the weight of 130 or 135 pigs. Animals should walk naturally, without hernias, without lumps or bumps on the skin and should have good breathing. "Producers in China should be happy to have pork at a price that is public," Claxton explains. Futures for delivery in September, the first to be liquidated, have increased by 6% since they were released to the market.PrecedentsChina is not the only market with pig futures. The Chicago Mercantile Exchange, in the United States, has had an instrument like this since 1966. However, the settlement of the contract is done differently. In the Asian giant it is done physically. That is, new contract holders on the expiry date will have to take possession of pigs, a measure aimed at reducing price speculation, according to specialists. While in the U.S. market it is settled in cash. Pig futures in China could have a total annualized volume of 6.72 million contracts. In addition, China's first publicly traded pig breeding fund (ETF) has also made its debut on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in early March.Load-Date: March 23, 2021End of Document

Thus 'distorts' China data on Pfizer and origin of covid-19CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 25, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1108 wordsBodyTaipei.Chinese state media have expressed doubts about   Pfizer'scovid-19 vaccine and whether it could be lethal to the elderly.A government spokeswoman suggests that the coronavirus may have left a U.S. military lab.As China's ruling Communist Party faces growing questions about China's vaccines and further criticism of its initial management of the pandemic, the authorities respond by fueling minority theories that some experts say might be harmful.State media and officials sow doubts about Western vaccines and the origin of coronavirus in an apparent attempt to deflect attacks.The two issues are now of interest due to the global deployment of vaccines and the recent arrival of a WHO team in Wuhan, China, to investigate the origins of the virus.While minority theories may sound strange abroad, efforts are directed at a more receptive audience in China.Conspiracy theoriesThe "American's Ft. Detrick" social media label, initiated by the Communist Youth League, was seen at least 400 million times last week, after a Foreign Ministry spokesman called for a WHO investigation into maryland's bio weapons lab.Its goal is to deflect guilt from the Chinese government's mismanagement in the early days of the pandemic to a US conspiracy," said Fang Shimin, a writer now based in the United States and known for exposing false degrees and other scientific fraud in China.The strategy is quite successful because of the widespread anti-American sentiment in China," the expert opined.Yuan Zeng, a Chinese media expert at Leeds University in britain, said government stories are so far spread that even well-trained Chinese friends have asked her if they can be true.Stoking doubts and spreading conspiracy theories can increase public health risks while governments trying to clear suspicions around vaccines, he said.That's very, very dangerous," Yuan said.Chinese state media have now called for an investigation into the deaths of 23 elderly people in Norway after receiving the Pfizer vaccine.A host of CGTN, the English-language channel of state CCTV television, and the Global Times newspaper have accused Western media of ignoring the news.Health experts note that non-vaccine deaths may occur during mass immunization campaigns, and a WHO committee determined that the vaccine did not contribute to deaths in Norway.This state media coverage came following a report by researchers in Brazil that concluded that the effectiveness of a Chinese vaccine was lower than advertised.Researchers had initially said that the Sinovac drug was 78% effective, but scientists then reduced it to 50.4% after including cases with mild symptoms.After the news was published in Brazil, researchers at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, a group of government-supported studies, reported an increase in vaccine misinformation in the Chinese media.Dozens of articles on sites such as popular science and health blogs have thoroughly studied questions about the effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine, prompting an opinion column this month in the British Medical Journal thatraised doubts about the data from his clinical trials.It's very embarrassing" for the government, Fang said in an email.  Distract and distortAs a result, China is trying to sow doubts about Pfizer's vaccine to cleanse its image and promote its vaccines, he said.Senior Chinese government officials have expressed their concerns about mRNA vaccines developed by Western pharmaceutical companies without regard, using a newer technology than the traditional strategy employed by today's Chinese vaccines.The director of the Chinese Centers for Disease Control, Gao Fu, said he could not rule out the negative side effects of mRNA vaccines.Noting that this is the first time they have been given to healthy people, he said, "there are safety concerns."The advent of the WHO mission has rekindled persistent criticism that China allowed the virus to expand globally by reacting too slowly at first, and even rebuked doctors who tried to warn the population.Visiting researchers will begin their fieldwork this week after completing their 14 days of quarantine.The Communist Party sees WHO research as a political risk because it focuses attention on the Chinese response, said Jacob Wallis, senior analyst at the Australian Institute of Strategic Policy.The party wants to "distract national and international audiences by preemptively distorting the message about where responsibility lies for the emergence of covid-19," Wallis said.Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying launched the conversation last week calling for WHO research on the US military lab.The place had previously been mentioned by CGTN and other state-controlled media.If the United States respects the truth, then please open Ft. Detrick and make public more information about the 200 or more biological laboratories outside the United States, and please allow the WHO expert group to go to the United States to investigate the origins," she claimed.His comments, disseminated by state media, became one of the most popular topics on the Sina Weibo platform.Guilt of 'other'China is not the only government that points to others.Former U.S. President Donald Trump said last year in an attempt to deflect responsibility for his management of the pandemic that he had seen evidence that the virus came from a lab in Wuhan.Although this theory has not been definitively dismissed, many experts believe it is unlikely.For greater caution and taking advantage of the flexibility of our mRNA platform (the substance called messenger ribonucleic acid, ndlr.), we are advancing in laboratories in a candidate variant of emerging reinforcement against the variant first identified in the Republic of South Africa," he said.To study the impact of the existing vaccine, called mRNA-1273, Moderna took blood samples from eight people who had received two doses of the vaccine and two primates that had also been immunized.In the case of variant B.1.1.7, first identified in the United Kingdom, there was no impact on the level of neutralizing antibodies - which attach to the virus and prevent it from invading human cells - which were produced by injections.However, for the South African variant, B.1.351, there was a reduction of up to one-sixth in the level of neutralizing antibodies.Still, these levels are above what had been shown to be sufficient to protect in tests performed with intentionally infected primates.Thelaboratory, which conducted joint studies with the National Institutes of Health, has sent the study to a prepress server so that it can be analyzed by the scientific community at large.jrrLoad-Date: January 26, 2021End of Document

Biden backs off on TikTok ban in review of Trump China movesAssociated Press InternationalFebruary 10, 2021 Wednesday 11:26 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; DOMESTIC NEWSLength: 895 wordsByline: TALI ARBEL and MATT O'BRIEN, AP Technology WritersBodyThe Biden administration is backing off former President Donald Trump's attempts to ban the popular video app TikTok, asking a judge to postpone a legal dispute over the proposed ban as the government begins a broader review of the national security threats posed by Chinese technology companies.A court filing Wednesday said the U.S. Commerce Department is reviewing whether Trump's claims about TikTok's threat to national security justified the attempts to ban it from smartphone app stores and deny it vital technical services.Separately, the Biden administration has “indefinitely” shelved a proposed U.S. takeover of the TikTok, according to a Wall Street Journal report. Last year, the Trump administration brokered a deal that would have had U.S. corporations Oracle and Walmart take a large stake in the Chinese-owned app on national-security grounds.The unusual arrangement stemmed from a Trump executive order that aimed to ban TikTok in the U.S. unless it accepted a greater degree of American control.White House press secretary Jen Psaki did not deny the Journal report, but said Wednesday the Biden administration hasn't taken a “new proactive step” in the process.Psaki added that the Biden administration is comprehensively evaluating risks to U.S. data, including those involving TikTok. A review of TikTok by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which considers national security implications of such investments, is ongoing, Psaki said. She didn't offer a timetable for that process.Trump targeted TikTok over the summer with a series of executive orders that cited concerns over the U.S. data that TikTok collects from its users. But courts temporarily blocked the White House’s attempted ban, and the presidential election soon took overshadowed the TikTok fight.While President Joe Biden has said TikTok is a concern, his administration hadn't said whether it will continue to try to ban TikTok or force a sale. Biden has so far taken a cautious approach to inheriting Trump’s China policies and hasn’t promised to scale back or cancel tariffs and other combative measures.The Biden administration appears to be creating a clearer set of criteria to evaluate which Chinese technology platforms pose a legitimate security risk to Americans, said Samm Sacks, a China expert at Yale Law School.“I don’t think they see TikTok itself as a high-priority issue,” she said, calling it a hypothetical future threat. “This one-off ban on a rotating cast of Chinese tech companies, that’s not likely to continue.”In September, Trump gave his tentative blessing to a proposal by TikTok’s Chinese owner ByteDance that would form a new U.S. arm of TikTok in partnership with Oracle and Walmart, who would make significant investments in the new company. The arrangement aimed to hand management of the app's U.S. user data to Oracle. CFIUS, however, has not completed its required review of the arrangement. A government deadline for TikTok to sell its U.S. operations has passed.TikTok is now looking to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit to review Trump’s divestment order and the government’s national-security review.TikTok and Oracle didn't return requests for comment Wednesday. Walmart declined comment Wednesday and referred questions to the Biden administration.The Treasury Department, which chairs the CFIUS agency reviewing the TikTok deal, did not reply to a request for comment. Neither did the Commerce Department, which last year had sought to enforce Trump’s orders, nor the Justice Department, which is handling the court challenges.The Chinese government's stance toward the deal is unclear. State media in September criticized the proposal as U.S. bullying and extortion.Trump cited concerns that the Chinese government could spy on TikTok users if the app remains under Chinese ownership. TikTok has denied it’s a security threat but said it was still trying to work with the U.S. government to resolve its concerns.TikTok said Oracle and Walmart could acquire up to a combined 20% stake in the new company ahead of a TikTok initial public offering, which Walmart said could happen within the next year. Oracle’s stake would be 12.5%, and Walmart’s would be 7.5%.Where Oracle stood to handle data management, Walmart said it would provide e-commerce, fulfillment, payments and other services to the new company. TikTok said in a November court filing that the new entity, owned by Oracle, Walmart and ByteDance's existing U.S. investors, would be responsible for TikTok’s U.S. user data and content moderation.The Trump administration’s aggressive tactics were part of a broader effort to counter the influence of China. During his term in office, Trump waged a trade war with China, blocked mergers involving Chinese companies and stifled the business of Chinese firms like Huawei, a maker of phones and telecom equipment.The Biden administration shares many of the Trump administration’s concerns about Chinese technology and trade practices, but they’re likely to use “different tactics and tone on how to achieve those strategic objectives,” said Martijn Rasser, a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security.“They’re taking a holistic, strategic approach to these issues and not going after these companies on a one-off basis,” he said. “It’s part of a broader reassessment.”Load-Date: February 10, 2021End of Document

H&M swings to loss, affirms commitment to China marketAssociated Press InternationalMarch 31, 2021 Wednesday 11:09 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 366 wordsDateline: STOCKHOLM BodySTOCKHOLM (AP) — Low-cost fashion brand Hennes & Mauritz AB on Wednesday reported an expected loss in the first quarter. Meanwhile, the pandemic-hit Swedish company said it was committed to remaining in the Chinese market despite facing a boycott there because of its views of alleged use of forced labor to produce cotton in the country’s western region of Xinjiang.The Stockholm-based company, the world’s second biggest fashion retailer that is known for the brand H&M, said Wednesday that it swung to a net loss of 1.07 billion Swedish kronor ($122 million) in the December to February period compared with a profit of 1.93 billion kronor a year earlier.Sales decreased to 40.1 billion kronor from 54.9 billion as the company said that the resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic had hit the company badly, leading to the temporary closure of up to 1,800 stores, or some 36% of all of its stores worldwide, during the quarter.Similar to some other Western brands, Hennes & Mauritz has recently faced a backlash in China over the company’s continued ethical decision not to use cotton sourced from the Xinjiang region and allegedly produced by forced labor including minority groups such as the Uyghurs.As a result, it has seen its H&M brand erased from major e-commerce sites in China and its store locations have vanished from some digital maps in moves considered retaliatory.The company said in a separate statement that “China is a very important market to us and our long-term commitment to the country remains strong” and that Hennes & Mauritz was doing all it can to manage challenges it was facing in China.The fashion retailer stressed it was dedicated to regaining the trust and confidence of customers, colleagues, and business partners in the country.“We want to be a responsible buyer, in China and elsewhere, and are now building forward-looking strategies and actively working on next steps with regards to material sourcing,” the company said.The Chinese government has denied allegations of forced labor in Xinjiang, most recently last week.Apart from H&M, the Swedish group also includes brands like COS, Monki, Weekday, Cheap Monday, & Other Stories, H&M HOME, ARKET and Afound.Load-Date: March 31, 2021End of Document

FCC Commissioner Starks Issues Statement on 3 CompaniesTargeted News ServiceMarch 20, 2021 Saturday 8:20 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 753 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Federal Communications Commission issued the following statement on March 19, 2021, by Commissioner Geoffrey Starks on China Unicom (Americas) Operations, Pacific Networks and ComNet (USA) (Dockets No. 20-110; 20-111):* * *As we move toward a more interconnected future, the Commission must protect the integrity of our networks. Today, we take another important step in ensuring American networks are guarded against adversary state-owned or controlled carriers by initiating a proceeding to revoke the authority of China Unicom Americas, Pacific Networks and its wholly owned subsidiary, ComNet, to operate in the United States.Today's decisions further our commitment to preserving the safety and security of our communications. Over the last two years, the Commission has rejected an application from the U.S.subsidiary of China Mobile, the largest mobile provider in the world, and initiated a proceeding to revoke U.S. operating authority from China Telecom Americas, the U.S. subsidiary of China's largest telecom provider. Like those carriers, the companies that are the subject of today's actions are ultimately owned and/or controlled by the Chinese government and therefore vulnerable to its exploitation and control, creating a significant threat to our national security and law enforcement interests.These companies are required under Chinese law to disclose sensitive customer information upon demand to assist government intelligence activities. They've also demonstrated a lack of transparency and reliability in previous dealings with the Commission and Team Telecom. For example, both companies failed to comply with Commission rules concerning disclosure of ownership changes and company reorganization, and they failed to provide crucial information concerning their affiliations with the Chinese government and cybersecurity practices. According to Team Telecom, there are no mitigation measures that could enable the companies' continued operation in the United States.Our actions represent a bipartisan consensus across the federal government that American communications must be protected from companies owned or controlled by the Chinese government. Our responsibilities don't stop at the border. As I stated last year, international undersea cables carry 99% of the world's data traffic, and Chinese companies and their American partners are actively seeking to increase the number of cables connecting our countries. As we saw with the withdrawal of an undersea cable application just one week ago connecting California and Hong Kong, however, applicants are coming to understand that the Commission and its federal partners will not approve any application that fails to guarantee the fundamental security of American communications from any tampering, blocking, or interception by adversary states or other bad actors.All of these issues highlight another security threat to our communications and privacy. Even as we act to remove or block Chinese telecom carriers from accessing U.S. networks, many of these same companies also own data centers operating within the United States, including multiple locations in metro areas like the Washington, DC area, New York City, and Los Angeles./1As the Department of Homeland Security has warned, these data centers leave their customers vulnerable to data theft for one of the same reasons we act today - Chinese law requires these companies to secretly share data with the Chinese government or other entities upon request, even if that request is illegal under U.S. law./2Currently, the FCC lacks the authority to address this potential national security threat, but as part of any review of our jurisdiction over broadband services generally, the Commission should work with the new Administration and Congress to consider whether the FCC needs broader jurisdiction to tackle this emerging network security issue as well.Thank you to the staff of the International Bureau for their work on these items.* * *Footnotes:1/ See, e.g., China Telecom Data Center Locations, https://www.datacenters.com/china-telecom-data-center-locations (last visited Mar. 12, 2021).2/ See U.S. Dept. of Homeland Security, Data Security Business Advisory: Risks and Considerations for Businesses Using Data Services and Equipment from Firms Linked to the People's Republic of China (rel. Dec. 22, 2020), https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/20_1222_data-security-business-advisory.pdf.Copyright Targeted News Servicesnull-7427404 T40-MgEditorLoad-Date: March 20, 2021End of Document

Strengthening ties with Taiwan and countering ChinaThe SentinelJanuary 3, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Omega Printers & Publishers Pvt Ltd, distributed by Contify.com All Rights ReservedLength: 1181 wordsByline: Pranoy SarmahBody(The writer can be reached at way2pran@gmail.com)With the Indian government's stand to ban a number of suspicious Chinese mobile apps and start of a massive social media campaign by netizens to boycott Chinese products, India's diplomatic ties with China has definitely taken a huge toll. There are chances that it may degrade even further. Given China's policy of illegal cartographic aggression to occupy Indian land, it is high time Indian government revisited its foreign policy to counter China. But when it comes to countering China, it will not going to be a cakewalk for our government because of India's trade relations with China and its enormous potential gains.While it is true that affects India - Chinese trade relations may have an adverse impact on the Indian economy, it also can't be denied that there are many alternatives of China. Definitely, the first one in the list would be Taiwan. Although there is no formal diplomatic tie between India and Taiwan as a result of the One-China Policy , given the strategic & economic importance of Taiwan, it is high time Indian policymakers reviewed India-Taiwan foreign policy with a new approach.Taiwan, officially the Republic of China (ROC) was formed in 1949. After the victory of Chinese Communist Party over the Nationalist forces (Kuomintang party) in the Chinese Civil War lasting intermittently between 1927 and 1949, nationalist forces fled to Taiwan, resulting in the separation of the island of Taiwan from China. Since then, both Chinese and Taiwan governments have been officially claiming to be the legitimate government of all of China. No treaty has ever been signed between them and the controversy continues as to whether the Chinese civil war has officially ended or not.Many countries, including the USA, recognized Taiwan as a separate country but with the shift in diplomatic relation, the USA held the One China Policy , which is the diplomatic recognition of the position of China that there is only one Chinese government. As per One China Policy, any country wishing to establish diplomatic relations with China (People's Republic of China) must sever all formal ties with Taiwan and acknowledge that there is only 'One China'. Taiwan is not a member of the United Nations and World Health Organization, but is a member of WTO by the name Chinese Taipei. As many as 179 of the 193 member states of UN, including India, do not maintain diplomatic ties with Taiwan.Nevertheless, in the year 1995, with the establishment of the India Taipei Association in Taipei and Taipei Economic and Cultural Centre (TECC) in New Delhi, the relation between India and Taiwan started improving progressively. In 2012, Taipei Economic and Cultural Centre was established in Chennai. Both the countries signed "Customs Mutual Assistance Agreement" and "Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement" in 2011. In 2015, Foxconn , a Taiwan-based one of the largest manufacturer of electronic hardware in the world announced an investment of $5 billion in India. Between 1995 and 2018, the bilateral trade turnover has grown manifold from just $934 million to $7.5 billion, which went down to $5.8 billion in 2019. Moreover, Taiwan has granted free e-visa privileges for Indians and also a 30 days visa free stay for eligible Indian visitors. In 2016, India-Taiwan Parliamentary Friendship Forum was established as a "formal platform for friendship". In 2017, Taiwanese parliamentary delegation visited India which invited criticism from China as well.Recently, webinars on COVID-19 took place between India and Taiwan, where Taiwan has proposed a regular communication channel with India to link up medical agencies to better cooperate in the fight against COVID-19. Taiwan has also donated one million face masks to India to help in protecting frontline medical workers engaged in the fight against COVID-19, reflecting the medical cooperation between two sides. The masks were handed over by the Ambassador Chung-Kwang Tien of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Center in New Delhi to Neel Kamal Singh, deputy secretary general of the Indian Red Cross Society. In addition to this, Two BJP MPs Meenakshi Lekhi and Rahul Kaswan, recently, for the first time virtually attended the swearing-in-ceremony of newly elected President of Taiwan Tsai-Ing-Wen, which again invited criticism from Chinese government. Liu Bing, Counsellor (parliament) of the Chinese embassy in New Delhi registered protest against the two Indian MPs by writing to them.India and Taiwan both are strong democracies. 33.1% population of Taiwan is Buddhists, which establishes religious intimacy between the two societies. Increasing number of India related elements in Taiwan such as Darjeeling tea, Ayurvedic soaps are surely acting as catalysts to develop a stronger bond between the people of both the countries. Taiwan is known for its expertise in the field of hardware manufacturing, construction, mines exploration, electronics and automobiles etc., while India is known for its expertise in the field of software. Hence, collaboration between both tech giants can play a crucial role in success of government initiatives like Make in India, Digital India and Skill India initiative etc., thereby attracting enormous FDI in India which would eventually boost the Indian Economy.A five-member research delegation of Taiwan's National Chung Hsing University visited Assam in November last year to explore ways to boost tea partnership with Assam. Before a month of that visit, tea experts from Assam were invited by the same university to share their insights about Assam tea in Taiwan. Even before that, Taiwanese officials and delegations had visited Assam as early as in 2011 to establish tea partnership with Assam. This is indeed great news for Assam's tea industry. Economy of Assam would surely get a boost if such collaborations take place. Moreover, Taiwan owns the world-class bamboo resources to produce high quality products, while India has abundant natural bamboo resources. Bamboo partnership is an area which can be focused upon for collaborations.However, a closer bilateral relationship with Taiwan may upset China as India formally supports One China Policy. Despite economic interests of both the nations, economic exchange is meager between India and Taiwan. Bilateral trade is only around 1% of total trade for both countries. Moreover, there are complaints from Taiwanese entrepreneurs about the complexities to do business in India like no single window clearance, long drawn review process etc.Closer relationship with Taiwan can help India to understand China's policy in a better way because of Taiwan's proximity with China geo-strategically, linguistically and culturally. India must maintain a pragmatic approach towards Taiwan. Friendship with Taiwan can be highly beneficial for India to review its policy towards China and act accordingly. Though India accepts One China Policy, it should not deter it from having close ties with Taiwan. Rather than the interests of a third country, India should consider its own interests.Load-Date: January 4, 2021End of Document

US, China Spar in First Face-to-Face Meeting Under BidenStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeMarch 19, 2021 FridayUniversity WireCopyright 2021 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: HI TECH; Pg. 1Length: 725 wordsByline: Sandy MccarthyBodyUnited States and Chinese officials have exchanged sharp rebukes in the first high-level talks between the Biden administration and China, taking place in Alaska.But those statements gave way Thursday to a remarkable hourlong back-and-forth of verbal attacks and accusations.The sparring reflected the current status of relations between the world's two largest economies, casting a shadow on what is expected to be a two-day session.What Chinese officials showed in Anchorage, Alaska, is that they won't back down either.Secretary of State Antony Blinken, left, listens as national security adviser Jake Sullivan, right, speaks at the opening session of US-China talks.Secretary of State Antony Blinken toldChina's top diplomat, Yang Jiechi, and State Councilor Wang Yi in Anchorage that the U.S. side would discuss its "deep concerns" about Chinese actions inXinjiang, Hong Kong and Taiwan, as well as cyberattacks on the United States and economic coercion of allies.Dolkun Isa, president of the WorldUyghur Congress, wrote to Mr Blinken, saying: "First and foremost, it is imperative thatChina immediately and unconditionally ends the ongoing genocide and crimes against humanity in East Turkestan". US officials in Alaska said they wanted to avoid a simple recitation of talking points and create space for the two sides to discuss issues and ask each other questions.Expectations that these meetings would resolve major issues were already low on both sides. But the undiplomatic exchanges that played out in front of cameras are a symbolic sign of the deep strain in U.S. -Chinese relations, even for the Biden administration and its calls to find areas of cooperation. "Taiwan, which provided the United States with direct support through personal protective equipment donations at the beginning of the pandemic, would be a valuable voice at the worldwide table", the lawmakers said.Instead, a senior USA administration official blasted the Chinese delegation as "intent on grandstanding, focused on public theatrics and dramatics over substance".Furthermore, much of the messaging had been for domestic audiences, he added.Seattle leaders pledge increased protections for Asian Americans after Georgia shootingsLong was heading to Florida, perhaps to carry out further shootings, when he was apprehended, authorities said. Long confessed to the shootings and said he acted alone, according to the Cherokee County Sheriff's Office.The EU's full list of 11 names approved by EU ambassadors also include officials from Russia, Libya, South Sudan and North Korea, diplomats said.Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi replied by saying that Western nations don't represent global public opinion and called the U.S. the "champion" of cyber-attacks."This is not supposed to be the way one should welcome his guests", Wang said. But he too urged the U.S.Video captured by CBS reporter Christina Ruffini shows the moment Secretary of StateAntony Blinken waves to the press and demands to "have our colleagues return" as the U.S. side looked to respond toChina's lengthy attack."We will push back if necessary whenChina uses coercion or aggression to get its way", Blinken said in Japan. He said his impressions from speaking with world leaders and on his just-concluded trip to Japan and South Korea were entirely different from the Chinese position.It will also be the first time the two chief diplomats have met since Biden took office in January, signaling a potential shift away from the policies of his predecessors, US President Donald Trump, who amplified US hostility to both nations. -China relations economically and diplomatically. A senior administration official told NPR's diplomatic correspondent Michele Kelemen that USA officials will use the remaining time to double down on their messaging.Speaking Wednesday in Alaska, Cui Tiankai,China's ambassador to the United States, said the Chinese government didn't "expect to solve all problems in one dialogue".But now, even that seems unlikely.The U.S. side plans to address the economic pressureChina has placed on Australia by curtailing imports after Canberra called for an independent investigation into the origins of the coronavirus."Gone is the optimism aboutChina's behavior becoming more moderate, as well as the belief that Beijing is ready to be a net contributor to global goods".Load-Date: March 25, 2021End of Document

CHINA BLOCKS CLUBHOUSE APP AFTER USERS EMBRACE 'SENSITIVE' POLITICAL TOPICSStates News ServiceFebruary 9, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 1053 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:After three days of a free-speech bonanza that included discussions of the ruling Chinese Communist Party's (CCP) genocidal policies in Xinjiang and Tibet, its crackdown on dissent in Hong Kong, and its military threats against democratic Taiwan, China's internet censorship machinery finally cranked into gear and banned the audio chat app Clubhouse."The [Clubhouse] app was blocked for users in China around 7.00 p.m. Beijing time [on Monday ]," the GreatFire.org website, which monitors Chinese internet censorship, said via its Twitter account."The Clubhouse website is still accessible, but the resources that the app needs to access in order to function are blocked," it said.The block came after the app opened a rare window of opportunity for users in China to speak freely in Clubhouse's moderated audio forums, in Mandarin, and beyond the Great Firewall of government censorship.Unprecedented conversations were being had on normally banned topics between China-based users, who are fed the CCP's official narrative on most topics for much of the time, and activists in less censored countries, as well as those in democratic Taiwan, Hong Kong and Xinjiang, according to user accounts posted to social media.News of the ban was greeted with dismay among some Chinese users."Walled in, just two days after we got the fire going," commented one user. "So it's a 404 already?" wrote another."That was so fast - we were in a group at the time of the ban and got frozen," said another.A Clubhouse moderator who asked to remain anonymous said China-based users would need some way of circumventing the Great Firewall to join chat forums in the app from now on, and that Chinese government censors would be patrolling Mandarin-language chatrooms with more than 300 participants, and issue warnings to moderators to avoid "sensitive topics."Li Hengqing, a former student leader in the 1989 democracy protests, said Clubhouse had taken off after Tesla founder Elon Musk had promoted it on social media, but its use had been limited from the outset to iPhone users with phones bought overseas, as Chinese app stores didn't carry it.'There are concentration camps in Xinjiang'One of the most groundbreaking chats was titled "There are concentration camps in Xinjiang," during which Mandarin-speakers from around the world shared information about the mass incarceration of at least 1.5 million Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in "re-education camps," part of a set of CCP policies described as genocide by the U.S. government."You can't stop these young people, because they need to break open the Great Firewall, open windows and look out at the world," Li told RFA.But he said many had been expecting the ban from the start."We definitely thought that a total block on Clubhouse was just around the corner," he said. "[But] just last night , around 5,000 people were exposed to the truth [about Xinjiang] ... This was something they couldn't tolerate."U.S.-based activist Zhou Fengsuo, who founded the rights group Humanitarian China, said he had taken to Clubhouse to talk about his experiences of the 1989 democracy movement on Tiananmen Square, and its brutal suppression in a People's Liberation Army (PLA) killing spree on the night of June 3 , 1989 and the days that followed."People were cautious when they first joined, but then they would engage very strongly when they saw that so many others shared their views," Zhou said."Many people may have been brainwashed, whether its about June 4 or Xinjiang, but the truth is so powerful, that people were able to inspire each other through the collective power of the forum.""This is what the government fears," said Zhou.One Clubhouse user from China, who gave only a nickname Alex, said via social media that he had wept for joy several times during the conversation he took part in."This is the first time I have come across so many people who speak the same language," Alex said. "We got together and talked about the things I care about the most; stuff that I have never dared to say in Chinese before ... Thank you."Filtering out Fifty Center ArmyAs an invitation-only platform, Clubhouse was able to filter out much of the usual interference, insults and online abuse from CCP supporters, known as the Fifty Cent Army.A black market for invitations sprang up soon after Musk's high profile conversation with RobinHood app president Vlad Tenev was livestreamed on YouTube, with invitation codes changing hands on the auction site Taobao for up to 400 yuan apiece.By Tuesday, the Taobao listings for Clubhouse invitations had been deleted, and people with China-registered phones were unable to receive invitation codes.Hong Kong-based users said some had managed to listen in to conversations using a VPN from China.Shortly before the ban, Chinese political cartoonist Badiucao, who lives in Australia, hosted a chatroom on Clubhouse titled "Has anyone been called in to drink tea over Clubhouse?" in a reference to being called in for questioning by the state security police. As of Feb. 7, it seemed that not many users had.Former Sina Weibo social media censor Liu Lipeng, who now lives in California, said the authorities were more likely to seek to control Clubhouse activity by blocking it, rather than by retaliating against those who used it."This kind of block mostly happens through the Great Firewall, which is a distributed network, so maybe it will still work on some nodes and not on other," Liu said. "But eventually, it won't work at all."He said there were also security concerns over the fact that the invitations were texted to phones in China, most of which are now registered in the real names of their owners."Mobile phone numbers in China all need a real nam, so text messages and verification codes can all be intercepted," he said. "You are very likely to become exposed to your mobile phone service provider."He said that even if users continued to listen in through VPNs, Chinese government censors are already likely to have infiltrated the chatrooms, and that the use of VPNs by regular users has also been banned.Reported by Malik Wang and Poon Ka Ching for RFA's Cantonese Service, and by Wang Yun for the Mandarin Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: February 9, 2021End of Document

China Cold Chain Logistics Market Growth, Trends, and Forecasts Report 2021 - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireJanuary 25, 2021 Monday 6:04 PM GMTCopyright 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Length: 935 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "China Cold Chain Logistics Market - Growth, Trends, and Forecasts (2020 - 2025)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The market for cold chain logistics in China is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of more than 9% during the forecast period (2020-2025).China has a huge consumer population for agricultural products and currently accounts for about 60% of the world's total vegetable production, 30% of fruit and meat production, and 40% of eggs and aquatic products. With the increase in the disposable income of the middle class and upper-middle-class in the country, people are willing to spend for and pay more attention to the various diversity of fresh agricultural products, food safety and the quality of fresh agricultural products. In order to fulfil the demand, the market is actively embracing the cold chain solutions for their operational activities.Key Market TrendsChanges in Consumer Habits Fueling the Demand for Cold Chain FacilitiesThe cold chain market of China is likely to become the most rewarding sub-industry in the logistics sector backed by the changing consumption patterns and increasing demand for commodities like fresh food and medicine. The Chinese residents see a change in food consumption backed by the increased disposable income and growing market demand for the cold chain of food alongside the accelerating urbanization in China.Cold chain logistics in China is mainly driven by meat, seafood, quick-frozen food, fruits & vegetables, and dairy products. Fruit & vegetable market holds the largest market segment in terms of cold chain circulation followed by seafood.Chinese governments at all levels are racking up the investments in cold chain infrastructure, facilitating enlargement of cold chain logistics. In 2019, the Chinese cold chain logistics market showed an annual compound rate growth of 10.5% between 2010 and 2019.Major e-commerce players and logistics giants like JD.com are focusing on collaborating or establishing self-operating cold chain warehouses in order to expand their cold-chain delivery services in the country.Developments in Chinese Biotech SectorThe Chinese biotech is particularly undergoing notable developments. Many biotech firms in the market are building on recent progress in genomics, focusing on rare genetic diseases.The development is supported by the Chinese rules and regulation acting as a layer of protection for the market. The rules of sharing of medical information are very stringent as compared to the US and other developed countries, which means Chinese companies have access to far more patient data than their western rivals.The Chinese government is pumping billions into biotech research and development. According to official figures, scientific R&D spending topped USD 291 billion in 2018, just over 2% of gross domestic product, and the government is targeting even higher spending of 2.5% of GDP this year.The Chinese government has introduced a centralised procurement process, known as 4+7 bulk tendering intended to bring down prices for common drugs. This regulatory change has helped the generic drugmakers focus on volume and big companies with advanced research teams chase higher margins.Competitive LandscapeThe Chinese cold chain market is highly fragmented with Sinotrans, SF Express and Beijing Ershang Group as its leading players in the market. The demand for cold chain facilities has led to a large number of small players in the market with a low degree of specialisation, leading to problems like high operating costs and unbalanced and insufficient development.Key Topics Covered:1 INTRODUCTION1.1 Study Deliverables1.2 Study Assumptions1.3 Scope of the Study2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY2.1 Analysis Methodology2.2 Research Phases3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS AND INSIGHTS4.1 Current Market Scenario4.2 Market Dynamics4.2.1 Drivers4.2.2 Restraints4.2.3 Opportunities4.3 Technological Trends and Automation4.4 Government Regulations and Initiatives4.5 Industry Value Chain/Supply Chain Analysis4.6 Spotlight on Ambient/Temperature-controlled Storage4.7 Industry Attractiveness - Porter's Five Forces Analysis4.8 Impact of Emission Standards and Regulations on Cold Chain Industry4.9 Impact of Covid-19 on the Market5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 By Services5.1.1 Storage5.1.2 Transportation5.1.3 Value-added Services (Blast Freezing, Labeling, Inventory Management, etc.)5.2 By Temperature Type5.2.1 Chilled5.2.2 Frozen5.3 By Application5.3.1 Horticulture (Fresh Fruits & Vegetables)5.3.2 Dairy Products (Milk, Ice-cream, Butter, etc.)5.3.3 Meats, Fish, Poultry5.3.4 Processed Food Products5.3.5 Pharma, Life Sciences, and Chemicals5.3.6 Other Applications6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Market Concentration Overview6.2 Company Profiles6.2.1 Sinotrans Ltd.6.2.2 SF Express6.2.3 Beijing Er Shang Group6.2.4 Shanghai Jin Jiang International Industrial Investment Co. Ltd.6.2.5 Nichirei Logistics Group Inc.6.2.6 Shandong Gaishi International Logistics Group (Gaishi Group)6.2.7 Henan Fresh Easy Supply Chain Co., Ltd. (Xianyi Holding, China)6.2.8 HNA Cold Chain6.2.9 CJ Rokin Logistics and Supply Chain Co. Ltd.6.2.10 Zhenjiang Hengwei Supply Chain Management Co. Ltd.6.2.11 Hunan Hongxing Frozen Food6.2.12 Shanghai Speed Fresh Logistics Co. Ltd.6.2.13 Chengdu Silverplow Low-temperature Logistics6.2.14 China Merchants Americold (CMAC)7 FUTURE OF CHINA COLD CHAIN LOGISTICS MARKET8 APPENDIXFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/q4njczView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210125005711/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: January 25, 2021End of Document

"GENOCIDE IN XINJIANG?"States News ServiceMarch 24, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 606 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: BEIJING, China BodyThe following information was released by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China:- A Discovery Panel exposing the agenda of the U.S.-led Western hegemony politicsFrom Chinese Consulate General in CalgaryOn March 19, 2021, Canadian Peace Congress, Just Peace Advocates, Hamilton Coalition to Stop the War, as well as Canada-China Council for Cooperation and Development held a Zoominar on "Genocide in Xinjiang?" - A Discovery Panel. Consul General of the People's Republic of China in Calgary, Mme. LU Xu was invited to attend and deliver a keynote speech.The conference was moderated by Radhika Desai, professor of Political Science at the University of Manitoba. Panelists included Canadian online influencer Daniel Dumbrill, Canadian social activist Omar Latif, and Max Blumenthal, a well-known American journalist and founder of THE GREYZONE. With 460 participants online, the event was 1.5 hours longer than expected.To watch the full video of the Discovery Panel, please click the link below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iW7nYwDw0SsIn her remarks, Consul General Mme. LU Xu pointed out that the so-called "Xinjiang-related issues" are in essence the lies of the century fabricated by the Western world led by the United States to contain China's rise, distract their domestic conflicts, and are the true source of the recent racial attacks on Asians overseas.Mme. LU stressed that the Chinese Government has successfully and effectively addressed the issues related to ethnic minority and religion, by implementing comprehensive counter-terrorism measures on the one hand, including vocational training center arrangement to help set offenders of minor crimes free from extremist ideology and learn skills required for social life, and by doubling down on economic development on the other hand, to improve people's livelihood, and lifting more than 3 million people out of poverty in Xinjiang.However, Mme. LU further stated, the United States and its allies, being uncomfortable with the success China has achieved, as well as being afraid of losing means to contain China, desperately smear and discredit China in order to fool the world under the disguise of the so called morals and values.Mme. LU reminded the audience that because of its geographic isolation, the United States must mobilize its allies as disposables in besieging China. Canada should have come to its senses.In the Q and A session, Mme. LU emphasized that the thought of "being against the Chinese Communist Party and the Chinese Government, but not the Chinese people" is completely naive. The Chinese Communist Party led the Chinese people to modernize the country from a poor and backward country to the world's second-largest economy in just a few decades, while the same process took Western countries a few centuries. The latest international survey conducted by Harvard University showed that the Chinese people are more than 90 percent satisfied with the Chinese Communist Party. Going against such a Party and Government is ruining the good life of the Chinese people. How would the Chinese people allow that to happen and how can anyone dissect the Party from its people?Panelists also exchanged views on other issues, including China-Canada relations, China-Australia relations, the so-called independent report on Xinjiang by Newlines Institute for Strategy and Policy, the differences between Xinjiang boarding schools and Indigenous boarding schools in Canada, invitations to delegations to visit Xinjiang, the possibility of sanctions as a tool of retaliation, and cultural exchanges between China and the West.Load-Date: March 29, 2021End of Document

PATEL: How The COVID-19 Censors Killed The TruthThe Daily CallerFebruary 19, 2021 Friday 01:16 AM ESTCopyright 2021 The Daily Caller, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: OPINIONLength: 1190 wordsByline: Neil Patel, Co-Founder and Publisher, The Daily Caller, neil@dailycallernewsfoundation.orgNeil Patel is the co-founder and publisher of The Daily Caller News Foundation. He was previously chief policy adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney.Author ImageBodyLink to ImageEstimates are all over the place, but it's now beyond dispute that Soviet policies in the 1930s led to the deaths of somewhere between 7 and 12 million Ukrainians (about the equivalent to killing every person in Michigan today). It's one of the greatest horrors in world history. The world knew little about the Ukrainian famine at the time.When independent journalists tried to get news out about the atrocity, they were accused of promoting conspiracy theories. Sound familiar? The New York Times, whose Moscow bureau led efforts to protect the Soviet Union and crush dissenting viewpoints, has since apologized for its role in suppressing news about the famine. Based on the media's handling of COVID-19 reporting today, however, it's clear we have forgotten any lessons once learned about the dangers of suppressing ideas and dissent on unproven matters the way the Times did to such tragic effect all those decades ago.Link to ImageThe sign on the west side of the New York Times building at 620 Eighth Ave. April 28, 2016 in New York. (Photo by Don EMMERT / AFP) (Photo by DON EMMERT/AFP via Getty Images)The oddest part about the effort to stifle debate over COVID-19's origin is even the experts agree we still don't know the answer. There is a prevailing theory, but nobody knows precisely where COVID-19 originated. The disease has killed nearly 2.5 million people around the world and almost 500,000 in the U.S. alone. It's in everybody's interest to understand exactly where it came from and how it started, but efforts at investigation have been stymied from the start. Among those eager to suppress dissent on this topic are: the Chinese government, U.S. media outlets, the Big Tech platforms and scientists with a financial or reputational stake in the outcome of any investigation. (RELATED: Can The WHO's COVID-19 Investigation Be Trusted? Some Experts Say No)The best analysis to date on COVID-19 origins came from Nicholson Baker in New York Magazine. Baker did such a solid job that The Washington Post and others finally began to take a second look. Baker chronicles the history and intense debate within the scientific community over laboratory coronavirus testing. In essence, scientists have been creating dangerous coronaviruses in labs for many years. Their goal was to help us predict and protect against viruses that we could encounter in the real world. Opposing scientists have argued for many years that this research was of little benefit and was way too dangerous. They said, in clear terms, that the research itself could lead to a pandemic. There are millions of dollars on the line, and millions of lives could be affected. As Baker chronicled, the scientific battles over the creation of these increasingly dangerous viruses in laboratories have been intense. In 2014, under the Obama administration, U.S. funding was paused due to the potential dangers. Funding was then restarted in 2017 under the Trump administration. Some of the funding from the U.S. government went to the Wuhan Institute of Virology, located at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak.The majority of scientists seem to believe that the virus started naturally, transferring from bats, through another animal, to humans in Wuhan, China. However, this is not a proven fact; it's the predominant theory with some big holes left to fill, including that the bats in question live 900 miles to the south of Wuhan.The problem is that those most central to investigating the origins of COVID-19 are: 1. China; 2. the World Health Organization, which is deferential to China; and 3. the scientists involved in the debate over the dangerous laboratory coronavirus experimentation over the past couple of decades. The virus started in China, so we can't investigate without their help, but China has withheld key information and has silenced Chinese scientists who were speaking out. The WHO has not been helpful either. As for the scientists, it's impossible to investigate without them, but their conflicts of interest have already been playing out.Link to ImageBEIJING, CHINA - JANUARY 26: Chinese police officers wearing masks stand in front of the Tiananmen Gate on January 26, 2020 in Beijing, China.(Photo by Betsy Joles/Getty Images)Dr. Peter Daszak, the sole U.S. citizen on the WHO investigative team, is a close associate of China's premier bat-based coronavirus researcher and was a key figure in directing American taxpayer funds to the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Daszak even organized a public relations campaign in early 2020 to paint the lab leak hypothesis as a “conspiracy” before any thorough investigation had been conducted. His spokesperson later said the goal was to protect the lab's scientists, but ultimately the beneficiary was Beijing and its preferred narrative. (RELATED: The Man At The Center Of The World's Biggest Story Has A Conflict Of Interest. Why Won't The Media Report It?)The point is not to prove that Daszak is a bad guy or that the virus leaked from lab experiments. The point is that we don't know. If you look at the details of all the investigations to date, they reach the same conclusion: We don't know yet. What's more, efforts to suppress the lab leak theory are unpersuasive on their face. The fact is that SARS escaped from a Beijing lab twice in 2004. The virus that causes COVID-19 is SARS-CoV-2. If SARS 1.0 leaked from a Chinese lab twice, why is it a conspiracy theory to question whether SARS 2.0 could have also escaped from a Chinese lab? Nobody has answered this persuasively.As the founder of Check Your Fact, one of the best fact-checking operations in America, I am well aware of the massive amount of completely made-up misinformation on the internet. When it comes to health issues such as the coronavirus, misinformation can be dangerous. However, it's also dangerous to allow interested parties or countries with something to hide to use claims of misinformation or conspiracy to suppress legitimate debate or oversight.Throughout history, numerous initial expert conclusions about major matters have been proven wrong over time: Y2K, Titanic can't sink, smoking is good for you. The list goes on. The media is supposed to be skeptical. It is supposed to be on the lookout for conflicts and bias, yet almost nobody in America understands this simple narrative because the media has chosen to ignore it. We are a long way from 1930, but it sure seems like nothing has changed.Neil Patel co-founded The Daily Caller, one of America's fastest-growing online news outlets, which regularly breaks news and distributes it to over 15 million monthly readers. Patel also co-founded The Daily Caller News Foundation, a nonprofit news company that trains journalists, produces fact-checks and conducts longer-term investigative reporting. The Daily Caller News Foundation licenses its content free of charge to over 300 news outlets, reaching potentially hundreds of millions of people per month. To find out more about Neil Patel and read features by other Creators writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators website at www.creators.comCOPYRIGHT 2021 CREATORS.COMLoad-Date: February 18, 2021End of Document

CHINA: TIBETAN TOUR GUIDE DIES FROM PRISON INJURIESStates News ServiceFebruary 16, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 1192 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: NEW YORK, N.Y. BodyThe following information was released by Human Rights Watch:Chinese authorities should account for the death of a Tibetan tour guide serving a 21-year sentence for reporting protests in his native region seven years ago, Human Rights Watch said today.Kunchok Jinpa, 51, died in a hospital in Lhasa in the Tibetan Autonomous Region on February 6, 2021, less than three months after being transferred there from prison without his family's knowledge. Local sources said he had suffered a brain hemorrhage and was paralyzed."Kunchok Jinpa's death is yet another grim case of a wrongfully imprisoned Tibetan dying from mistreatment," said Sophie Richardson, China director at Human Rights Watch. "Chinese authorities responsible for arbitrary detention, torture or ill-treatment, and the death of people in their custody should be held accountable."There had been no news of Kunchok Jinpa's whereabouts since his detention in 2013. New information indicates that the authorities detained Kunchok Jinpa on November 8, 2013, providing his family no information on his whereabouts, and later convicted him of leaking state secrets for passing information to foreign media about local environmental and other protests in his region. His 21-year sentence is unparalleled for such an offense, and no information about his trial or conviction had been publicly available outside China until now.The authorities moved him from a prison believed to be the regional prison at Nyetang [Ch.: Nidang], near Lhasa to a hospital in that city in November 2020. His family learned on January 29 that he was to undergo emergency treatment. Several then went to give blood at the hospital, but were unable to see him. He died in the hospital on February 6.Kunchok Jinpa was a resident of Village No. 5 in Chaktse (Ch: Qiaze) township in Driru, a county in Nagchu prefecture (now municipality), about 300 kilometers north of Lhasa, the regional capital. He was one among reportedly hundreds of Tibetans from Driru detained after a series of peaceful protests in October 2013 against official demands that villagers fly Chinese flags from every house.He is believed to have provided information via social media or directly to Tibetan media outside China about a protest in May 2013 against planned mining on a sacred mountain, Naklha Dzamba, together with the names of those detained for involvement in the protest.People from his area, now in exile, reported that in his final communication on his WeChat micro-blogging account in April 2013, he wrote: "I am now at the bank of a river. There are many people behind me watching me, and I am sure to be arrested. Even if they arrest me, I am not afraid, even if they kill me, I have no regrets. But from now on, I will not be able to give reports. If there is no word from me, that means I have been arrested."United Nations standards adopted by the UN General Assembly set out that all death-in-custody cases should be subjected to "prompt, impartial and effective investigations into the circumstances and causes" of the death.As the UN special rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary, or arbitrary executions has noted, since there is a presumption of state responsibility due to the custodial setting, and the government's obligation to ensure and respect the right to life, the government has to affirmatively provide evidence to rebut the presumption of state responsibility. Absent proof that it is not responsible, the government has an obligation to provide reparations to the family of the deceased.The Chinese government also has rules dealing with deaths in custody. These require the police to "immediately conduct" an investigation into the cause of death by viewing and preserving the surveillance video of the detention cell, and questioning fellow detainees, doctors, and guards, among other measures.Kunchok Jinpa, whose father's name is Sonam Wangden and mother's name is Pelha, had become a monk as a child at the Gom Gonsar monastery (Choekor Jampaling) in Driru. In October 1989, he traveled via Nepal to India, where he studied for about 18 months at the Changchubling monastery in Dehra Dun, the seat in exile of the Drikung Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.From April 1991 until his graduation in 1996, he studied as a layman at a school run by the Tibetan exile community at Suja in Himachal Pradesh. He undertook further studies at the elite Higher Tibetan Studies Institute in Varanasi, and became proficient in English and Hindi, as well as Chinese and Tibetan.He returned to Tibet in about 1998 and took up work as a tour guide. According to a close associate, he was well regarded in his community for his stress on the importance of economic development and education. He made several return visits to India, including a final visit in 2012, when he attended the Kalachakra ceremony given by the exiled Tibetan leader, the Dalai Lama, in Bodh Gaya.During the crackdown by security forces on the 2013 protests in Driru, there were reports of firing on unarmed protesters, mass arrests, dozens sentenced on political charges of up to 18 years, and several deaths in custody. Human Rights Watch recently received information that more than 1,325 local people were detained at that time, of whom about 670 were eventually sentenced and imprisoned, although this cannot be confirmed.Since Kunchok Jinpa's arrest and imprisonment, little information about the situation in Driru has been available outside China. On February 4, the exile newspaper Tibet Express, based in India, reported for the first time that another Tibetan from Driru, Namdak, about 34, from Meri village in the Tsala area, had been sentenced to 13 years in around July 2013 for assisting Tibetans trying to travel to India. Chinese authorities have not allowed Namdak any visitors for the past two years, reportedly because he is suffering from a contagious disease, and his present condition is not known.The newspaper also said that up to seven other Tibetans were given 13-year prison sentences in related cases at that time, but their names, ages, and the charges against them remain unknown.In August 2020, Lhamo, a mother of three from the same locality, died from injuries inflicted in custody there. She had been detained along with her cousin Tenzin Tharpa, apparently accused of sending money to relatives in India.A collective statement from UN human rights experts in June underlined the need for an independent investigation of the range of human rights violations by the Chinese government. They expressed grave concern over China's failures to respect human rights and abide by its international obligations, and recommended the establishment of an impartial and independent UN mechanism to monitor and report on abuses "in view of the urgency of the situations" in Hong Kong, Xinjiang, and Tibet."For decades Chinese officials have gotten away with detaining people without basis and mistreating them, including to near death," Richardson said. "Those officials cannot be relied on to investigate these violations, so there is an urgent need for an independent, international investigation by UN human rights experts."Load-Date: February 18, 2021End of Document

China faces huge climate and tech challenges in its bid for global leadershipCNN WireMarch 7, 2021 Sunday 00:28Invalid date found for VDI: h78150bf563adcbd4fd7a2b71fc83d684 XCEDOCID: 48 LNI: 6254-M781-JBSS-S0B4-00000-00. Date output 'as-is'.GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1108 wordsByline: By Laura He, CNN BusinessDateline: (CNN) Body             China's leaders are finalizing their political and economic agenda for the rest of 2021 and beyond. How the country achieves technological independence and tackles the climate crisis will be near the top.This year's "Two Sessions" meeting - the most important annual event on China's political calendar - is particularly noteworthy because Beijing will ratify its 14th five-year plan, a broad outline of goals through 2025 that policymakers have been working on for months. The meeting kicked off last Thursday and will run through the better part of this week.After dodging a recession last year, Beijing said Friday it expects the world's second largest economy to grow by more than 6% in 2021, which if achieved will keep China on pace to match US GDP as early as 2028. President Xi Jinping wants the economy to double in size by 2035.But on the back of the bruising trade war with the United States, China has already called out self-reliance and technological independence as major goals. And as climate change accelerates, Xi pledged last September that coal-guzzling China will go carbon neutral by 2060.Those are lofty ambitions, and until now it had been far from clear how Beijing planned to achieve them. But the world got more clues last week when Premier Li Keqiang outlined some aspects of the country's agenda, and Beijing released a draft of the five-year plan.Shedding reliance on foreign techOne key goal that Xi has already outlined is a desire for China to shed its reliance on the United States for key technology, such as parts that power smartphones, computers, telecommunications gear and next-generation gadgets.Li stressed the importance of technological development and innovation during his speech on Friday. He said that China will increase spending on research and development by more than 7% annually. The Chinese government has previously identified semiconductors, 5G networks and cloud computing as critical areas, among others.Still, China has a long way to go to end its reliance on foreign tech. In 2019, the country imported $306 billion worth of chips, or 15% of the value of its total imports. And Washington has severely hampered some of Beijing's ambitions in recent months by slapping restrictions on Chinese companies, including Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation (SMIC).State vs. private sectorState-owned companies such as SMIC are central to Beijing's drive for self-sufficiency. But private firms also have a critical role to play. After all, tech giants from Alibaba to Tencent have driven much of Chinese innovation in the field in recent decades.The government has made clear in recent months - and in its new five-year plan - that such companies will be expected to toe the Chinese Communist Party line if they want to succeed."As Xi pursues ambitions for China at the cutting edge of technology, Beijing recognizes that a top-down approach has limits," Eurasia Group analysts wrote in a recent research report. "But Beijing's willingness to leave more to the market will be challenged by Xi's sense of urgency and frequent preference for a strong hand for the [Party] and state."Beijing has steadily been broadening its control over tech companies in recent months. Not only did Chinese regulators force Alibaba's financial affiliate Ant Group to call off its record-breaking IPO in November, they also have ordered the company to overhaul its business.  Authorities also launched an antitrust investigation into Alibaba, questioned executives at Tencent and Pinduoduo, and floated new rules.The government has also shown a desire to strengthen its influence over the economy by creating its own digital currency and extending a trial version to major cities including Beijing and Shanghai.The new five-year plan gave more insight into how authorities want to expand their reach. Tech companies are "encouraged" to share data related to research, e-commerce and social networks.Reaching carbon neutralityAs China charts its economic trajectory for the coming years it will also have to balance those ambitions with an urgent need to tackle the climate crisis.Xi unveiled a bold plan last year for China to become carbon neutral by 2060. It's a massive target for a country that burns more coal than the rest of the world combined, and one that will require nothing short of an economic revolution.The country spent decades staking its ascent on massive infrastructure projects and manufacturing, building an economic engine that is now heavily reliant on dirty energy. And analysts have said that pressures caused by Covid-19 and tensions with the West are pushing China to spend more on those energy sources, not less.Still, the country has finally started outlining some details on how it wants to work toward its climate coals.Even before the "Two Sessions" meeting kicked off, the state power grid had unveiled plans to upgrade its network, reduce coal-power generation and develop charging stations for electric vehicles.The draft five-year plan contained more benchmarks. By the end of 2025, China aims to boost the use of non-fossil fuels to 20% of total energy consumption from the current level of 15%. That includes efforts to build more nuclear power stations and clean energy facilities.Premier Li said Friday that China intends to cut energy consumption per unit of GDP by 3% in 2021. It plans to do so by eliminating heavy air pollution and requiring some 70% of heating in the northern part of the country to come from clean energy sources, among other methods."This should be a start to commit to the net-zero carbon emission target by 2060," said Iris Pang, chief economist for Greater China at ING, in a Friday report.China outlined other ways to reach its coals, including through the construction of more clean energy facilities like hydropower plants and wind farms.But some climate experts argue that the five-year plan still lacks significant detail about how China will ultimately move away from coal in a more meaningful way."In terms of the climate, initial indications from China's 14th Five Year Plan are underwhelming," said Swithin Lui, lead China analyst for the Climate Action Tracker at NewClimate Institute, in a statement Friday. "While it's positive that this plan does reiterate its commitment to carbon neutrality by 2060, and peaking emissions before 2030, there is little sign of the change needed to reach that goal."<em>- Ivana Kottasova and Steven Jiang contributed to this report.</em>                      By Laura He, CNN Business         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 4, 2021End of Document

Diplomats denied access as Canadian Michael Kovrig goes on trial in ChinaCNN WireMarch 22, 2021 Monday 3:52 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 633 wordsByline: By James Griffiths, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body             Diplomats from more than two dozen countries were denied access to a Chinese court Monday as detained Canadian Michael Kovrig went on trial in Beijing on espionage charges.Kovrig is one of two Canadians detained since 2018, following the arrest in Vancouver of Huawei executive Meng Wanzhou, who is currently fighting extradition to the United States, where she is wanted for allegedly breaching sanctions against Iran. On Friday, Canadian Michael Spavor went on trial in Dandong, in northeastern China. His trial was held behind closed doors and only lasted two hours.Kovrig, a former Canadian diplomat who worked for the International Crisis Group (ICG), is accused by the Chinese authorities of "stealing sensitive information and intelligence through contacts in China since 2017," while Spavor, a businessman with a focus on North Korea, is accused of providing intelligence to Kovrig.Spavor's trial took place as US and Chinese officials were trading barbs at the opening of a diplomatic summit in Alaska, the first time the countries' top diplomats have met since US President Joe Biden took office.Both Washington and Ottawa have repeatedly called for Kovrig and Spavor's release, denouncing their detention as political and arbitrary.Speaking to reporters outside court Monday, Canada's charge d'affairs Jim Nickel accused China of breaching international treaty obligations by denying consular officials access to their citizens."Michael Kovrig has been detained for two years now, he's been arbitrarily detained, and now we see the court process itself is not transparent, and we're very troubled by this," he said, adding that access had been denied because "this is a so-called national security case."Nickel thanked other diplomats for showing solidarity with Canada. He said there were some 28 representatives from 26 different countries outside the Beijing No. 2 Intermediate Court on Monday, "lending their voice for the immediate release of Michael Kovrig."Reuters listed the US, United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, Netherlands and Czech Republic as among the countries with diplomatic representation outside the court.Those diplomats and journalists were met by a large police presence. Repeated attempts by the diplomats to enter the building before the trial got underway were rebuffed, according to reporters at the scene.Following Spavor's speedy trial Friday, the court in Dandong said in a statement that it would "deliver its verdict at a later date in accordance with the law."Family members and contacts of the two Canadian men have described them being held in poor conditions, and denied outside contact. Almost all in-person consular visits to foreign prisoners in China have been paused since last year due to the coronavirus pandemic, with diplomats only able to speak to those detained via the phone.After Kovrig and Spavor were charged with espionage last year, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau denounced the "political" nature of their case, saying their detention was a "decision made by the Chinese government and we deplore it."Chinese courts have a conviction rate of more than 99% and observers say the release of the two men could now rest on a diplomatic solution, potentially after a face-saving conviction and sentence of time served.Trudeau has repeatedly refused to consider any trade of the two Canadians for Meng, whose detention has seen relations plunge between Ottawa and Beijing. Last month, Canada's parliament approved a non-binding motion accusing China of committing genocide against its Muslim minorities in the western region of Xinjiang, further straining ties between the two countries.                      By James Griffiths, CNN         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 22, 2021End of Document

US will not suspend tariffs against China in short term: USTRCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 29, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 404 wordsBodyThe United States will not suspend the tariffs it charges against China in the short term, said Katherine Tai,holder of the White House Trade Representation (USTR).However, Tai noted that the United States could be open to trade negotiations with China in this regard.In an interview with The Wall Street Journal,Tai said he acknowledged that tariffs involve charging a price on U.S. businesses and consumers, although proponents have said tariffs also help protect companies from subsidized foreign competition.I've heard people say, 'Please eliminate these tariffs,'" Tai told the AMERICAN newspaper. But "eliminating tariffs," he warned, could damage the economy unless the change "communicates so that the players in the economy can make adjustments."In 2018, USTR concluded that China is involved in the transfer of forced technology, cyber theft of U.S. intellectual property and trade secrets, and strategic acquisitions of U.S.-funded ASSETS.Subsequently, the United States government imposed tariffs on China's imports worth approximately $250 billion.The Chinese government responded with tariffs on U.S. products worth $110 billion. Most of the rates in the two countries remain in force.As part of a potential turning point, the United States and China signed a phase one agreement in January 2020 in which China pledged to strengthen the application of intellectual property and increase access to agriculture and financial services, although it left most of America's concerns unresolved.The agreement included provisions for China to purchase $468 billion over two years in U.S. products and services.However, China fulfilled only 63% of its Phase One commitments under the U.S. trade agreement with the United States in 2020, according to information from the US Department of Commerce.In Phase One, China committed to import $142.9 billion in U.S. products over the past year, but made acquisitions of only $89.6 billionCompared to 2020, it bought manufactured goods for $52.6 billion (63% of its commitments), energy products for $9.7 billion (37% as agreed) and 27.3 billion agricultural goods (82% of what was agreed).In 2018, the U.S. government also imposed tariffs on aluminum and steel to address overcaly capacity in China."Whether it's companies, traders, manufacturers or their workers," Tai said, "the ability to plan" for changes affecting their future is critical. roberto.morales@eleconomista.mx Load-Date: March 30, 2021End of Document

Suu Kyi's case hearing postponed; Myanmar has new protestsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 15, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 787 wordsBodyThe pro-democracy demonstrations continued on Monday (15) in Myanmar, a day after one of the most violent days of the military coup d'état of February 1.At least 44 pro-democracy demonstrators died on Sunday (14) in actions of the security forces, according to the NGO assisting political prisoners AAPP.The organization counts more than 2,000 detainees since the coup d'état, including Auung San Suu Kyi, nobel peace prize winner in 1991, de facto leader of the Burmese government until January. She's still trapped in a secret location.Suu Kyi, 75, was due to appear in court on Monday by videoconference. The hearing was postponed due to lack of internet connection and rescheduled for March 24, his lawyer Khin Maung Zaw told AFP.Suu Kyi has been charged with at least four crimes: illegal importation of walkie-talkies, failure to comply with coronavirus-related restrictions, violation of a telecommunications law and incitement to public unrest.The military junta also accuses her of corruption, claiming she received $600,000 and more than 11 pounds of bribes.Aung San Suu Kyi appeared in good health on March 1, during a videoconference hearing, according to Khin Maung Zaw, who was not authorized to meet the client." "Crimes against humanity" -New demonstrations took place on Monday in various parts of the country, such as Mandalay (center), where participants displayed posters with phrases such as "Stop the violence," or "Save Myanmar."After six weeks of pro-democracy demonstrations, the generals continue the crackdown: more than 120 demonstrators have died since February, according to AAPP.The UN Human Rights Council denounced persecutions, deaths, enforced disappearances, tortures and probable "crimes against humanity" carried out by the Army."Junta leaders should not stay in power, but behind bars," tweeted The Un Special Rapporteur for Myanmar, Tom Andrews, who called for an immediate end to the supply of money and weapons to the military on Monday.On Sunday, the situation was particularly tense in Hlaing Tharyar, an industrial suburb of Yangon that houses many textile factories, where 22 people died.Security forces opened fire on the protesters after the fire at several Chinese factories. China's embassy has asked authorities to ensure the safety of its companies and employees.Many military vehicles were mobilized in the region, where residents remained entrenched in their homes and heard the gunfire uninterrupted.No group has claimed the fires, but resentment against China has increased in recent weeks in the country. Many think that Beijing, a major investor in Myanmar, has a very indulgent position with the military coup ists.After the clashes, the junta enacted martial law in six areas of Yangon, Hlaing Tharyar and Shwepyitha.Anyone detained in the suburbs will be tried by a military court and risk a conviction of at least three years of hard labor.Another 22 protesters died in other parts of the country, according to AAPP. State media reported that demonstrators tried to set fire to a police station in Yangon, which prompted security forces to fire to disperse the crowd.A police officer died in Bago, northeast of the capital economic capital.The mobile Internet connection, cut off several weeks ago overnight but usually restored during the day, did not work on Monday in the country's economic capital.- Resistance - Resistance -The UN's move to Myanmar, Christine Schraner Burgener, condemned thenew bloodbath, while the United Kingdom, former colonial power, expressed "dismay" at the use of force "against innocents".On Monday, the Chinese government said it was "very concerned" about the safety of its citizens in Myanmar.China "is very concerned about the security impact of Chinese institutions and officials," Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian said, urging the government to take action to "decisively prevent the recurrence of such incidents."The military junta ignores international criticism.Many leaders of the National League for Democracy (LND) were detained after the coup d'état, and two died while in detention.Some Members, who have mostly gone underground, have set up a Committee to represent the Assembly of the Union (CPRH), which will represent a phantom parliament.On Friday, its vice president, Mahn Win Khaing Than, made an appeal against the "unfair dictatorship.""It's the darkest moment in the nation, but resistance must win," he said.The board warned that joining the committee is the equivalent of a "high treason," with the risk of prison sentences of up to 22 years.The generals, who alleged fraud in november's legislative elections - won by the LND - to justify the coup, ended a decade of democratic transition in Myanmar.Load-Date: March 16, 2021End of Document

China tightens fence over its tech giants to ensure its loyaltyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 2, 2021 SaturdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1001 wordsBody       UNDER REGISTRATIONLUCAS DE LA CAL@LucasdelacalPEKÍN                        Saturday, 2 January 2021 - 01:54                Share on FacebookShare on TwitterEmailCommentThe Chinese Communist Party (PCCh) has 89 million members. If it were a country, it would be the seventeenth most populous in the world. It would go just behind the Democratic Republic of the Congo and ahead of Germany. Within Chinese society, having the PCCh card, especially outside the big cities, gives a higher status, of respect. All politicians in the 34 Chinese provinces are party members. Many of the country's most important entrepreneurs are, too. Above all, those that run technology companies. But only one of them appears every year on Forbes' lists of the most powerful people in the world.Young people use the nickname "Papa Ma" to refer on their social media to the man who raised one of the world's largest e-commerce companies and who came out in a film playing a kung fu master who won every fight against the stars of patriotic cinema. In the West, "Papa Ma" is known as Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba.The news that Jack Ma was a member of the PCCh became publicly known a couple of years ago, coinciding with the clean-up of party officials being done by Chinese President Xi Jinping. By contrast, the innovative and government-loyal business elite, those that have seated China as a technological power, were untouchable. Beijing was freewaying for its ideas and projects to flourish without regulators in between. But that's changed.Beijing's last message has been blunt: no one is above the party.  And the best way to make that clear was to go after the richest and most revered businessman. It all started after the Chinese government, by direct order from Xi Jinping, paralyzed the largest IBRO in history. Everything was ready for the 29.2 billion euro IPO from Ant Group,a parent company of Alipay, Alibaba's payment platform used by around 1 billion people. Although from Beijing, if they allowed the operation to move forward, they feared that the PCCh would lose power by giving Ant Group too much control over the financial system. The Chinese government froze the public offering on the excuse that fintech did not meet the requirements. But to understand the reasons for the coup, you have to go back until October 24th. At an economic forum in Shanghai, Jack Ma criticized Chinese regulators. "We shouldn't regulate an airport as if it were a train station. We shouldn't regulate the future with yesterday's media," he said. "It is impossible for the pawnshop mentality to support the financial demand for global development over the next 30 years. We mustleverage our technological capabilities today and build a big data-based credit system to get rid of the pawn shop mentality," the Chinese entrepreneur continued.Ant's IPO was suspended shortly after the tycoon compared China's state banks to pawnshops. Chinese watchdogs often launch lightning regulatory attacks, seeking to set an example of misbehavior as a deterrent to others," explained Angela Zhang,antitrust expert at the University of Hong Kong.But the Chinese government had still kept one last letter against Ma by Christmas Eve. "China's State Market Regulation Administration has begun an investigation into Alibaba Group for alleged monopoly conduct." This brief note, published on November 24 by the state agency Xinhua, was the last, and most painful, blow to China's largest e-commerce giant.Hours later, Alibaba's actions plummeted by 15% when the opening of an antitrust investigation was known. The complaint against Alibaba seems to focus on the practice of merchants or brands entering into contracts to sell products exclusively on their platform. Those who do not, and stay with other markets, run the risk of Internet traffic deviating from their online storefronts in Alibaba's Tmall emporium to other vendors.Alibaba's shares have lost more than a quarter of their value since October 24, when Ma criticized financial regulators. Investors reacted in this way to fears that Beijing has lost patience with its tech giants,even that it now perceives them as a threat to the country's political and financial stability. A situation that affects other large Chinese technology companies such as Tencent, Meituan and JD.com. Alibaba and its three biggest rivals have lost around 164 billion euros since the country's regulators announced an investigation into the company's alleged monopolistic practices founded by Jack Ma, who has lost more than 12 billion of his fortune.For Li Chengdong,a technology analyst, the action against Alibaba and Ant Group is greatly affecting other Chinese companies. "The new regulations are hurting big Internet platforms, so other tech companies like Tencent are also seeing their stock prices fall," he says. "At first glance, the change in Ma's public image is largely due to the Chinese government's growing criticism of its business empire. But a look below the surface shows a deeper trend against entrepreneurs who took the country out of the economic era of the past four decades. Many in China seem to feel that the opportunities enjoyed by people like Ma are disappearing. While China has more billionaires than the United States and India combined, about 600 million of its inhabitants make $150 a month or less," analyst Li Yuan writes in the New York Times.The Chinese market regulator announced on Monday the imposition of fines amounting to Y 500,000 (61,800 euros) on Alibaba and Tencent for not complying with antitrust procedures in the acquisition of other firms. The State Administration for Market Regulation (SAMR) assured that these conglomerates did not properly report operations. In addition, he warned that all digital companies must be subject to scrutiny by the authorities in carrying outmergers or acquisitions, including those of SMEs, so that SMEs can avoid monopoly formation and "drowning" of other companies with the aim of "putting innovation at risk".Load-Date: January 3, 2021End of Document

Xi Jinping regime arrested an executive from Tencent, China's most valuable companyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 11, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 706 wordsBodyChinese authorities arrested an executive of Tencent Holdings Ltd., China's most valuable publicly traded company, as part of an investigation into a high-profile corruption case involving one of the country's former police officials, reported people familiar with the matter, according to The Wall Street Journal.Zhang Feng has been investigated by China's anti-theft inspector since early last year for alleged unauthorized exchange of personal data collected by Tencent's WeChat social media app, people who cite The Wall Street Journal said. They said Zhang was suspected of handing over WeChat data to former Deputy Minister of Public Security Sun Lijun, who is being investigated by Beijing for unreclosed violations of Communist Party rules.Investigators are looking at what kind of data Zhang might have allegedly shared with Sun and what the former official might have done with them, people revealed.Tencent, which is listed in Hong Kong and has a market capitalization of around $900 billion, confirmed on Thursday that Zhang is under investigation. The case "relates to allegations of personal corruption and is unrelated to WeChat or Weixin," a spokesman said in a statement to The Wall Street Journal. Weixin is WeChat's sister app for the Chinese market.Zhang was mentioned as Tencent's vice president in a statement issued by zhangjiakou municipal government, a city near Beijing, in which he was described meeting with the mayor in October 2018.Tencent claimed that Zhang never held a senior executive position at the company or managerial.The Wall Street Journal has not been able to determine where Zhang is currently located, nor has the media been able to contact him for comment. Sun also did not respond to a request for comments sent through China's anti-theft inspectors (the Central Disciplinary Inspection Commission) and the State Council Information Office.Zhang's case highlights how China's largest technology companies can be e wrapped up in political battles on the highest steps of the Chinese Communist Party. Companies like Tencent have access to coveted data as well as information about the users who provide it. Beijing's concern that technology companies may misuse or share such data inappropriately has been growing, even when the authorities sometimes demand access to it for their own purposes.Anti-corruption inspectors have remained silent about Sun's alleged crimes, saying last April that he was suspected of breaking the law. He is one of the highest-profile security officials investigated since Chinese leader Xi Jinping launched an extensive anti-corruption campaign against law enforcement authorities last year.Authorities have not confirmed that Zhang is under investigation.While the research is taking place, Pony Ma, Tencent's founder and multimillion-dollar CEO, has not been seen publicly in mainland China or in person at major public events. He's been spending most of his time in Hong Kong, people familiar with it said.Ma has not been charged with any crime.Zhang joined Tencent in 2018, according to people familiar with the matter. Born in 1968, he spent most of his career in a Department of the Communist Party Central Committee overseeing the appointments of top party officials, according to documents from the stock exchange of a State-owned company listed in Shenzhen where he worked before moving to Tencent.AsTencent executive responsible for government affairs, Zhang met with Chinese government officials and managed the company's relationship with ministries in Beijing, according to one of the people.Tencent's WeChat mobile app is the predominant social media platform in China. Its online chat and payment features make it an indispensable part of the daily lives of hundreds of millions of Chinese.Over the years, Tencent has collected a wealth of data through the processing of chat conversations and financial transactions of its 1.2 billion monthly active users, most of them in China. That has made WeChat a powerful surveillance tool for the Chinese government, regulating Tencent and regularly suppressing dissenting views on WeChat, The Wall Street Journal reported.READ ON:Joe Biden set up a working group at the Pentagon to discuss China's "challenge"Load-Date: February 12, 2021End of Document

China forces Ant Group CEO's exit as it short-ties Alibaba and TencentCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 12, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 450 wordsBodyXi Jinping's government has once again taken action against Chinese tech giants, as Simon Hu, the director of Ant Group, has resigned abruptly while Tencent, another member of the pantheon of colossus patriots, has also been put on notice.Hu, who was hired by Alibaba at the end of 2019 to lead Ant Group during a management redevelopment, was supposed to lead the financial group to success after the Alibaba split, with ambition to break into the Western market and eventually compete with American tech and financial giants. However, the Chinese government completely curbed these aspirations.Ant Group reported in a statement that its Board of Directors accepted Hu's resignation citing personal reasons. "We thank Simon for the efforts he has made in our company," they said in the short message.Shortly before, Tencent, owned by Pony Ma, suffered the official rebuke of China's antitrust control body, which imposed a symbolic fine. According to Bloomberg, this conglomerate is likely to have to create a financial holding company to separate its banking, insurance and payment services businesses.This move would be a major escalation in China's campaign to curb the influence of its tech tycoons, days after Prime Minister Li Keqiang committed himself to the National People's Assembly to expand financial technology supervision, end monopolies, and prevent the "unregulated" expansion of capital.Over the past six months, the Chinese government has developed a number of rules with the aim of short-tying the most successful technological conglomerates in the Asian country. Early decisions directly affected Jack Ma and Alibaba when Beijing chose to torpedo the IPO of its subsidiary Ant Group, which was running as one of the most important in history. Shortly the next, he launched an antitrust investigation into the e-commerce giant.As the Wall Street Journal advances, China's antitrust regulators are considering imposing a record fine on Alibaba on anti-competitive behavior. This could exceed the $975 million Qualcomm paid in 2015 for this same charge. They also weigh whether the company should div away from some assets unrelated to its main online sales business.Jack Ma's business empire is under intense scrutiny following his scathing criticism of China's regulatory system at the end of October last year. Consequently, by the end of December, China's State Market Regulation Administration announced that it had initiated an antitrust investigation into the company. The decision came after the Beijing authorities stopped the $37 billion public sales operation (OPV) prepared by Ant Group, Alibaba's financial business.commentsforum0WhatsApp  Facebook  Twitter  Linkedin       Load-Date: March 13, 2021End of Document

China bans bbc international news channel broadcast in countryCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 12, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 601 wordsBody                      Getty Images       The BBC's international news channel will no longer be able to broadcast in China. Authorities in the Asian country announced on Thursday the suspension of the BBC World News broadcast, arguing that it has "seriously" violated its national regulations.The National Radio and Television Administration of the Asian giant, the body that regulates the media, noted that the BBC has not met "the requirements to broadcast in China."The decision comes after the Chinese government's criticism of BBC reports on the coronavirus and persecution of the Uighur ethnic minority in Xinjiang, which Beijing denies."They paid to elect the prettiest inmates": detainees from a Uighur camp in China who report being systematically rapedIt also happens shortly after the UK media regulator revoked the license to Chinese state-owned channel CGTN, after concluding that the ruling Communist Party had ultimate editorial responsibility for the channel.The Chinese government then warned that it reserved the right to take appropriate action.  "Nice stay"  China's State Film, Radio and Television Administration noted in a statement concluded that BBC World News content on China "had seriously violated" its regulations, including "the requirement that news must be truthful and fair" and "not harm China's national interests."It therefore reported that the request to issue another year in China would not be accepted.In a statement, the BBC was "disappointed": "The BBC is the most reliable news network in the world and reports stories around the world fairly, impartially and without fear or favoritism."                China's decision comes after the UK revoked the license of CGTN, the English-language channel of Chinese state television CCTV.            EPA/Roman Pilipey China's decision comes after the UK revoked the license of CGTN, the English-language channel of Chinese state television CCTV.       BBC World News is broadcast globally in English, although access to it is very restricted in China, only reaching international hotels and some diplomatic complexes, so most Chinese citizens cannot see it.The broadcast, as with other international channels, was subject to strict censorship and usually the signal went black when the channel dealt with some sensitive issue for the government, such as alleged human rights violations.UK Foreign Minister Dominic Raab considered China's decision to be "an unacceptable restriction of press freedom."China's decision to ban BBC World News in mainland China is anacceptable curtailing of media freedom. China has some of the most severe restrictions on media &internet; freedoms across the globe, &this; latest step will only damage China's reputation in the eyes of the world.? Dominic Raab (@DominicRaab) February 11, 2021      "China has some of the world's toughest restrictions on press freedom and the internet, and this last step will only damage China's reputation in the eyes of the rest of the world," he said.The U.S. State Department also condemnedthe decision, noting that it is part of a larger campaign to end press freedom in the country.The China-UK relationship has been strained in recent months by Hong Kong, following the adoption of the controversial National Security Act by Beijing and the new visa announced by London to welcome Hong Kongers as residents in considering that their freedoms are being undermined.You can now receive notifications from BBC News Mundo. Download the new version of our app and activate them so you don't miss our best content.Already know our YouTube channel? Subscribe!Load-Date: February 13, 2021End of Document

BATTLE LINES BEING DRAWN OVER ONLINE FREEDOMS IN ASIAStates News ServiceMarch 22, 2021 MondayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 1362 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: LONDON BodyThe following information was released by Chatham House:Social media giants are increasingly clashing with Asian governments over free expression and censorship as the region lurches towards digital authoritarianism.Expert Comment22 March 2021 3 minute READHarriet MoynihanSenior Research Fellow, International Law ProgrammeFreedom of expression was subject to significant restrictions in Asia even before the pandemic, with several governments having enacted laws that stifle online debate. But since COVID-19, restrictions have increased even further due to a rash of so-called 'emergency measures' introduced by governments across the region.Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam have all put new laws into place, and many restrictions are already being applied in a draconian fashion, such as in the Philippines and Bangladesh.As outlined in a new Chatham House research paper, one inspiration behind this trend is China, home to the world's most sophisticated and restrictive system of internet control. The Chinese government's restrictive online regime, which has tightened further under COVID-19, relies on a combination of legal regulations, technical controls, and proactive manipulation of online debates.This model was an inspiration for Vietnam's cybersecurity law, as well as Myanmar's new draft cybersecurity bill, proposed by the Military-run State Administration Council in the wake of the military coup last month, which would give the military there extensive powers to access individuals' data, restrict, or suspend access to the internet.This 'sovereignty and control' model of internet governance is also gaining impetus through China's 'Digital Silk Road' initiative, under which the Chinese government is exporting both its technology such as through the establishment of smart cities, the installation of AI, and surveillance technology and its vision of how the internet should be governed.In November 2020, Xi Jinping pledged to further deepen cooperation with ASEAN through the Digital Silk Road, and the pandemic has expanded the appeal of Chinese surveillance technologies and data collection platforms to governments both in Asia and beyond. China's Health Silk Road, which aims to promote global health cooperation, is centered on the Chinese government's high-tech model under which civic freedoms are sacrificed in the name of public health.An alternative modelThis 'sovereignty and control' model is increasingly at odds with the more 'human-centric' model of tech governance favoured by many democratic states, Western social media companies, and international institutions, especially the United Nations (UN) and European Union (EU).Although this emerging model also involves regulation, it is regulation which aims to be inclusive, risk-based, and proportionate balancing the need for protection against online harms with the need to preserve freedom of expression. It is a multi-stakeholder, rights-based approach which brings together not just governments but also representatives of the private sector, civil society, and academia. The EU's draft Digital Services Act and the UK's proposals for an Online Safety Bill are both reflective of this approach.Western social media giants such as Facebook and Twitter have recently introduced new policies which seek to identify and mitigate online harms, such as hate speech and disinformation. Industry bodies such as the Global Network Initiative, independent oversight bodies such as the Oversight Board established by Facebook, and civil society advocacy and initiatives such as the Santa Clara Principles on Transparency and Accountability in Content Moderation are also an important part of the picture.Admittedly, these various digital governance initiatives are in some cases embryonic, and are by no means a silver bullet solution to the complex problem of online content moderation, which continues to be hotly debated in democratic societies. But they are at least underpinned by the same philosophy that international human rights law standards must continue to apply even during emergencies such as COVID-19. With the Biden administration in the US prioritizing tech governance in its policy agenda, there is added momentum to the international leadership behind this model.A clash of ideologyThese conflicting philosophies are playing out in debates on technology governance at the UN, with one group of countries led by China and Russia advocating for greater government control of the internet, and many Western democracies emphasizing the need for an open, global internet that protects human rights.These differing ideologies are also creating tensions between Western social media companies operating in Asia and the various governments in that region which have increased restrictions on online expression. And the gulf between the two appears to be widening.In 2017, the Thailand government threatened Facebook with legal action unless it agreed to remove content critical of Thailand's royal family and, in 2020, Facebook announced it had been 'forced to block' such material. Also in 2020, the Vietnam government pressured state-owned telecom companies to throttle internet traffic to Facebook, effectively restricting access to the platform, until Facebook agreed to take down content the government deemed to be anti-state.Platforms refuse to silence legitimate criticismHowever, Silicon Valley's social media companies have also been pushing back. Facebook restricted the accounts of Myanmar's military on the basis of 'spreading misinformation' in the wake of the military's imposition of an internet shutdown that blocked access to Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. And Twitter resisted requests by the Indian government to block accounts involved in protests by farmers.Twitter stated that while it would block any accounts which it felt incited violence, it would not take action on accounts belonging to news media entities, journalists, activists, and politicians because it believed that would 'violate the fundamental right to free expression under the Indian law'. The Indian government responded by fast-tracking stringent new social media regulations heavily criticized by rights groups for increasing government power over content on social media platforms, including online news.So how can social media companies find avenues for operating in Asia and beyond without being co-opted into the lurch towards digital authoritarianism? There are no easy answers here, but collaboration is key. Cooperation between tech companies and local civil society partners can help companies better understand risks to human rights in the country concerned and how they might be mitigated. And tech companies are more effective in alliance with each other than acting on their own, such as the refusal by Facebook, Google, Telegram, and Twitter to hand over data on protestors to the Hong Kong police.The fact that in many countries in Asia there are no alternatives to Western social media companies unlike China, where platforms such as WeChat are part of the government's internet control apparatus gives the companies concerned some leverage. In February 2020, Facebook, Google, and Twitter together through the Asia Internet Coalition threatened to leave Pakistan in response to the government's draconian proposals to regulate social media. Along with pressure and lawsuits from civil society, this forced the government into retreat, although the tussle over the new rules, introduced in November, continues.At a time when illiberalism was already on the rise in Asia (including in democracies Freedom House has just downgraded India's status from 'free' to 'partly free'), COVID-19 has made tighter state control of online freedom of expression even more attractive to many governments. As it seems increasingly unlikely that restrictions enacted under the guise of pandemic-related emergency measures will be repealed once the COVID-19 crisis ends, it is even more important that tech companies work with civil society on the ground to minimize the censorship of citizen voices.Load-Date: March 23, 2021End of Document

Chinese Shares End Lower; Perfect World Slumps 10% Despite Upbeat Market DataMT Newswires Live Briefs PROMarch 15, 2021 Monday 3:16 AM ESTCopyright 2021 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 255 wordsBody Chinese shares retreated from a two-day winning streak on Monday as growing liquidity concerns in Asia's largest economy overshadowed the latest upbeat economic data released by the government, causing risk aversion.The Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.9%, or 32.48 points, to 3,420.59. The Shenzhen Component Index slumped 2.7%, or 376.96 points, to 13,520.07. Both indices retreated from Friday's gains after a generally downbeat session.Investors in the local equities market dumped risky assets after The Wall Street Journal reported that China became the first major economy to unwind its stimulus efforts amid the coronavirus pandemic.China will likely gradually tighten credit in certain parts of the economy after the central bank pumped in more liquidity than expected in January via daily open-market operations, the WSJ said.The news overshadowed the Chinese government's latest report on the country's two-month economic performance, with industrial output in the January-February period expanding 35.1% and retail sales growing 33.8%. Both data topped market estimates.China's fixed-asset investments also grew 35% from a year ago, but missed market estimates, while the country's urban unemployment rate rose slightly to 5.5% in February from 5.4% in January.In corporate news, shares of Chinese video game developer Perfect World (SHE:002624) fell 10% even after Xinhua News Agency reported that China's mobile game industry witnessed a 12.2% annual growth in revenue in February to 21.2 billion yuan ($3.26 billion).Load-Date: March 15, 2021End of Document

China/UK R.- China summons UK ambassador for an article that calls it "inappropriate"CE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 10, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 238 wordsBody    MADRID, 10 (EUROPA PRESS)   China's Foreign Ministry has on Tuesday summoned the UK ambassador to the country, Caroline Wilson, for the publication of an article critical of Beijing's policy towards international media, which the Government has labeled "inappropriate."   According to the statement issued by the Foreign Office portfolio, collected by the 'Global Times', the ambassador's brief is partial and "full of arrogance and ideological prejudice," something that does not fit the diplomatic image.   In the article, which was posted on the embassy's official account on the WeChat social network, Wilson "defended foreign media that have been sanctioned for publishing fake news," according to Chinese authorities. The ambassador defended the work of the international media in the Asian country and assured that her behavior was "independent", without prejudice to the nation.   The Foreign Ministry has noted that "the Chinese government and people have never opposed the foreign press, but the media that invent fake news and brutally attack China (...) under the banner of freedom of the press and expression."   Following the Beijing call, Wilson added to his Twitter account that he still agrees with his article. The london-Beijing media relationship has escalated tensions, after the UK withdrew the broadcast licence for Chinese television CGTN and China to do the same with the BBC's international channel.Load-Date: March 11, 2021End of Document

U.S. accuses China of mass persecution of ethnic minoritiesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 30, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 418 wordsBodyThe U.S. State Department accuses the Chinese government of pursuing the "mass detention campaign" of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang, among other serious violations, in a 2020 report on Human Rights Practices.The report released today by U.S. diplomacy accuses Chinese authorities of arbitrarily detaining "more than a million Uighurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz and other Muslims in out-of-court internment camps designed to eliminate religious and ethnic identities."The document cites international media and human rights organizations that have denounced abuses by authorities in these camps, accusing officials of "torturing and killing detainees."The report also speaks of several human rights violations by the Chinese authorities, including: arbitrary killings; forced disappearances; torture; arbitrary detention; severe life-threatening prison conditions; lack of judicial independence; physical attacks against journalists, writers, lawyers, bloggers and dissidents; censorship and blocking of pages on the Internet; interference in freedom of association; severe restrictions on religious freedom; and substantial restrictions on freedom of movement.The U.S. State Department also denounces the expulsion of asylum seekers to North Korea, "where there is a well-founded fear of persecution" the coercive policy of limiting birth, using forced sterilization or abortions; and severe restrictions on workers' rights, including prohibiting them from organising or joining trade unions.The document highlights the official repression of freedom of expression, religion, movement, association and gathering of Tibetans in the Tibet Autonomous Region, where Uighurs and other ethnic minorities are persecuted, concluding that the situation has worsened over the past year.The U.S. State Department also considers that this repression has spread to other regions, exemplifying the case of Pastor Wang Yi, the religious leader who was accused and convicted of "inciting the subversion of state power" in a closed-door trial with no right to judicial support.The report released today by the State Department accuses the Chinese Communist Party of "dominating the judicial system and controlling the appointment of all judges and, in some cases, of directly dictating the decision of the courts."In the end, the report also mentions the absence of "reliable data" to understand the scale of many of these charges, as well as the impunity with which many of the crimes are committed, given the passivity of the authorities.Load-Date: March 31, 2021End of Document

Audiovisual Anti-Piracy Alliance Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative NoticeTargeted News ServiceFebruary 1, 2021 Monday 10:54 PM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 3455 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON, Feb. 1 -- Sheila Cassells, executive vice president of the Audiovisual Anti-Piracy Alliance, Wiltshire, United Kingdom, has issued a public comment on the U.S. Trade Representative notice entitled "Hearing: 2021 Special 301 Review". The comment was written on Jan. 27, 2021, and posted on Jan. 29, 2021:* * *AAPA provides these comments to assist the Office of the United States Trade Representative ("USTR") in identifying countries that deny adequate and effective protection of intellectual property ("IP") rights, pursuant to USTR's 2021 Special 301 Review.AAPA represents 31 companies (www.aapa.eu) involved in the provision of protected audiovisual services, including rights owners, security technology for those services, and the manufacturing of products which is used in the delivery of those services. Our membership is geographically dispersed with companies from Europe, the Middle East, Russia and America and represent the whole audiovisual delivery chain. Many of our members are global businesses and all depend on the ability to protect and exploit intellectual property rights.This submission addresses, in particular, the inadequate copyright protection found in the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") region, and the resulting harm for creators and broadcasters of sports and entertainment programming. IP right owners lose many hundreds of millions of dollars per year as a result of this piracy. This damage is greatly exacerbated when pirates are allowed to operate unchecked within a country due to severe deficiencies in that country's copyright regime, or due to that country's failure to initiate criminal proceedings against willful, commercial-scale piracy.For the reasons detailed herein, AAPA requests that the Republic of Iraq ("Iraq") be placed on USTR's Special 301 Priority Watch List for 2021. In addition to detailing the IP deficiencies in Iraq, this submission also provides background on the overall situation in the MENA region, where multiple governments fail to provide adequate protection for IP, as well as the role of Chinese-made hardware in the MENA-based piracy.I. IraqPiracy is widespread throughout Iraq, but the Iraqi authorities have failed to take any actions to slow or otherwise deter this piracy. A number of Iraqi copyright pirates warrant specific mention, including several that illegally provide U.S. content throughout the world. Again, none of these pirates has faced any enforcement actions by the Iraqi authorities, despite operating in clear view of those authorities. It is estimated that there are more than 8.4 million subscribers to pirate networks in Iraq, a country with a total population of just over 38.4 million.In its 2020 Notorious Markets Report released earlier this month, USTR has already highlighted the status of two Iraqi pirates, i.e., Shabakaty and Chaloos, as notorious markets, each of which is discussed below./1First, Iraq's largest internet service provider ("ISP"), Earthlink - which provides residential internet, data centers, information and communications technology, and managed services to business and state and local governments across Iraq - also operates a local IPTV pirate service known as Shabakaty. Shabakaty, which used to have around 500,000 subscribers in Iraq, is now available for free to anyone within Iraq who can access the service via a web browser, as a promotion for Earthlink's internet service. This service has an estimated 5 million subscribers. Shabakaty provides access to a bundle of pirated television channels, including U.S. channels such as ESPN, as depicted below.Screenshot omitted.Shabakaty also has an on-demand service that offers illegal access to film and television content owned by major U.S., European, and international right holders, as shown below:Screenshot omitted.The Shabakaty service is available on a set-top box, a mobile app (OTT), and on a website. It can be accessed only from within Iraq.Second, the Chaloos company, which is based in Erbil, Iraq, is a major source of piracy and has an impact far beyond Iraq. Chaloos has been linked to several major piracy operations, including Mediastar, Forever IPTV, and Livedream. Mediastar is an Iraqi supplier of "Mediastar" branded receivers that enable IPTV and control word sharing piracy, and provide access to pirated content. Mediastar is also a major "source" of IPTV pirate streams that are illegally re-streamed across multiple pirate IPTV services. Forever IPTV is a wholesaler of pirate channels to IPTV resellers in international markets that provides access to thousands of on-demand movies and television shows, as well as live television channels, including U.S. channels, among many others, as shown below:/2Screenshot omitted.Livedream, an operator of a local pirate network in Northern Iraq, provides unauthorised access to numerous U.S. channels, including Fox, National Geographic, Nickelodeon, and other channels, as well as video-on-demand ("VOD") content (as illustrated in the screenshot below).Screenshot omitted.Third, iStar Media ("iStar") is an Iraqi pirate operating out of Erbil as a rival to Mediastar. iStar sells iStar-branded receivers enabled for satellite and IPTV piracy, and operates a localized piracy network. On its website, iStar claims to be the "largest Digital TV Reception equipment manufacturer in Iraq." iStar receivers come with a 12 month subscription to the pirate IPTV app "Online TV." This service provides access to pirated television channels, such as AMC, Cartoon Network, Comedy Central, Disney, Fox, HBO, MTV, National Geographic, NBA TV, Netflix programming, NBC, NFL Network, Nickelodeon, and USA Network, as well as pirated VOD content. iStar receivers also provide access to IPTV services such as Zeed Gold, which in turn provide access to VOD content. Beyond Iraq, iStar-branded receivers are widely sold across the United States and Europe, among other countries. iStar also has a U.S.-focused reseller website, www.istarus.com, as well as a general reseller website, onlinetv.codes.Iraq lacks effective protection and enforcement of IP rights, particularly with respect to copyright. It follows that no criminal action has been taken against any of the pirates profiled above, which continue to openly provide pirated content throughout Iraq and the world, covering content from, inter alia, U.S. sports leagues, studios and broadcasters.For the reasons set forth above, AAPA requests that Iraq be placed on the USTR Special 301 Priority Watch List for 2021.II. Additional Background on MENA Region PiracyIt is important to place the Iraqi-based piracy into proper context. Iraq is just one of a number of countries in the MENA region where piracy has become not only a big business generating substantial revenue, but also an increasing part of the consumer culture for the citizens of several of those countries. The MENA region countries that appear to have the most deficient protection of copyright, including copyright held by U.S. right holders, are: Algeria, Egypt, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, and Tunisia. We also point out that enterprises in China exploit the well-documented limitations in China's IP regime to mass produce the hardware, including settop boxes (STBs), that is needed to facilitate the piracy in the MENA Region.Beginning with Algeria, USTR's most recent Special 301 reports have consistently placed Algeria on the Priority Watch List, noting concerns with Algeria's protection and enforcement of IP rights, and the need for Algeria to increase its efforts to combat copyright piracy and to effectively enforce existing anti-piracy statutes./3Localised piracy, including through illegal broadcasting from terrestrial broadcast towers in Algeria, is a particularly serious problem.These pirates either stream (without authorisation) from set top boxes of legitimate broadcasters or from pirate IPTV services, and then re-transmit the streams over local networks. They then encrypt their broadcasts (in a similar way to a legitimate broadcaster), and sell subscriptions to their pirate service through local distribution networks. This form of piracy is prevalent across Algeria. Internet and IPTV piracy are also prevalent in Algeria, where we understand piracy is a predominant means for watching sports content. For example, GoGo IPTV is a popular pirate IPTV service that likely operates from Algeria; it can be operated from any Android platform, and can be downloaded from online "APK Stores."/4 Subscriptions to GoGo IPTV can easily be purchased on GoGo IPTV's website/5 and on social media platforms or reseller websites./6GoGo IPTV provides access to a multitude of U.S. channels, including: E!; SYFY; ABC; ESPN; USA; AMC; BET; Bravo; Cartoon Network; CBS Sports Network; CNBC; CNN; Cooking Channel; CW; Disney Channel; Fox News; Golf Channel; Hallmark; HBO; MLB Network; MTV; National Geographic; NBA TV; NFL Network; Nic; Oxygen; Showtime; and the Tennis Channel, among others. The pirates behind GoGo ITPV are also believed to be a source of pirated pay TV channels which are re-sold and re-streamed on many other pirate IPTV services available across the MENA region, the U.S., Europe, and throughout the world.As for Egypt, USTR's latest Special 301 Report indicated that, although "Egypt has taken action against a number of major infringing streaming sites, recently enacted legislation criminalising piracy online, and provided more emphasis on enforcement of the Intellectual Property Law of 2003," piracy and counterfeiting nevertheless remain widespread in Egypt./7Indeed, we understand that the majority of the pirate streaming websites that illegally broadcast sports content in the MENA region are operated from Egypt. Egyptian-based pirate streaming sites attract significant viewership. For example, kora-online.tv is a popular Egyptian pirate streaming website that provides pirated streams of football match broadcasts. In December 2020, kora-online.tv received more than 7.65 million visits, with 40% of visits from users in Egypt./8Kora Star (kora-star.tv, a.kora-star.tv) is a similar pirate streaming website also operating from Egypt. In December 2020, kora-star.tv received 5.45 million visits, with 41.2% of visits from users in Egypt./9Egypt's lack of effective protection and enforcement of IP rights creates an environment in which such piracy flourishes and expands.Next, Morocco is likewise a country where piracy is a popular way of accessing sports and entertainment content. There are a number of copyright pirates that operate from Morocco and spread pirated content far beyond the country's borders. For example, Morocco-based beIN Match (beinmatch.com, beinmatch.tv, beinmatch.vip) is one of the most popular streaming websites in the MENA region, which not only openly pirates copyright sports content, but also brazenly infringes the trademarks of the beIN Media Group. In February 2020 (just before the cessation of live sports due to the Covid-19 pandemic), beinmatch.tv had an Alexa ranking of 359 in the Middle East. However, this ranking likely understates the impact and size of the audience for these services, given that beIN Match operates from multiple domain names. In December 2020 alone, beIN Match sites received almost 9.8 million visits./10Morocco lacks effective protection and enforcement of IP rights, in particular with regard to copyright piracy online. Given the deficiencies in Morocco's copyright regime, the prospect for meaningful IP enforcement against this widespread piracy is quite low.Turning to Saudi Arabia, it has, since 2019, been on the Priority Watch List. Today, we continue to be concerned about extensive piracy within Saudi Arabia, as well as Saudi-based pirates that make content available outside of Saudi borders. Indeed, piracy continues to be the primary way for Saudi citizens to watch most of their sports. This is in part the legacy of beoutQ, the Saudi pirate launched in August 2017 that was ultimately responsible for the distribution of millions of beoutQ-branded boxes throughout Saudi Arabia and beyond - i.e., boxes which enabled access to both a pirate satellite feed of beIN channels as well as a variety of IPTV apps offering thousands of pirated channels and on-demand content./11The effects of the beoutQ piracy remain as IPTV apps downloaded onto beoutQ boxes continue to offer thousands of pirated movies, TV shows, and TV channels from across the globe./12Despite repeated complaints by beIN and other rights holders, Saudi Arabia has never taken criminal or other action against beoutQ, or its Saudi facilitators and supporters./13Even though beoutQ is now off the air, copyright infringement has increased to unprecedented levels in Saudi Arabia. While Saudi consumers access pirated content through both Saudi and non-Saudi pirates, a number of Saudi-based pirates continue to take advantage of the deficient copyright law, and enforcement thereof, in Saudi Arabia. These pirates provide content to viewers within Saudi Arabia and far beyond its borders. First, EVDTV is a Saudi-based pirate IPTV service that provides access to over 3,900 live channels and 9,000 videos (e.g., movies, television shows, etc.) on demand. EVDTV offers all major U.S. and European networks, including 32 channels categorized under "Live Games." Second, As-goal (as-goal.com, asgoal.site, as-goal.tv) is a network of websites operated from Jeddah providing access to pirated sports content, and has risen in prominence since beoutQ went off the air. Third, LiveHD7 (previously operated via the website livehd7.com and now via livehd7.site) is a Saudi-owned pirate operation which is popular in Saudi Arabia and Egypt./14In December 2020, livehd7.site received 510,000 visits, with 32.6% of users in Saudi Arabia and 9.6% from Egypt./15LiveHD7 publishes live streaming links on various online services that are specific to the event streamed, and typically become defunct after the event. Finally, as recognized in USTR's 2020 Notorious Markets Report,/16 Saudi-based Haraj (haraj.com.sa) has become a massive online market for pirate IPTV devices and subscriptions. Haraj is one of the largest e-commerce platforms in the MENA region, with approximately 20 million monthly visitors, and currently ranks as the 8th most popular website in Saudi Arabia./17As for Tunisia, copyright piracy continues to be widespread and a popular means for users in the country to access sports and entertainment content. Tunisia-based pirates have also begun to emerge. In particular, the Kingfoot network (previously using the domain kingfoot.tv, now using shoot-yalla.com) makes available streams of pirated sports content. Tunisia lacks effective protection and enforcement of IP rights, in particular with regard to online copyright piracy. Given the deficiencies in Tunisia's copyright regime, the prospect for meaningful IP enforcement against this widespread piracy is quite low.Finally, it is important to briefly highlight the role of China in the facilitation of the MENA-based piracy described above. A great number of the pirate devices that are sold, and that provide access to IPTV and other pirate services in the MENA region, are manufactured in China--a hub for the manufacturing of such devices./18With these pirate devices, users can easily gain access to a wide range of unauthorised movie and television content. To take a prominent example, the Chinese company Zhuhai Gotech Intelligent Technology Company Ltd. ("GoTech") manufactures pirate devices that come preloaded with infringing IPTV streaming applications and allow users to watch unauthorized content accessed via the internet.Receivers manufactured by GoTech are supplied after having already been enabled for IPTV piracy, including via the G-IPTV pirate service, which illegally makes available over 2,000 other channels from other major broadcasters. These devices are often enabled with other well-known pirate IPTV applications. GoTech pirate devices are readily available in the MENA region, and commonly sold with brand names such as Echolink, Starsat, Redline, Tiger, Geant, and Samsat. To our knowledge, the Chinese Government has failed to take any action against these and similar Chinese manufacturers, which thereby facilitates and further enables the spread of piracy in the MENA region and beyond. Further, the experience of rights owners has been that there is no effective means to take action against a Chinese company, within China, that is distributing pirate devices or otherwise enabling piracy in international markets. As such, China continues to serve as a major facilitator and exporter of piracy around the world, with no end in sight.III. Conclusion and RecommendationsAAPA respectfully requests that USTR designate Iraq on the Priority Watch List. Further, given the prominence of piracy of U.S. and global content in multiple countries in the MENA region - piracy which then often spreads throughout the world - we request that the U.S. Government expand its efforts to improve IP protection and enforcement in that region. USTR should also continue working to ensure that China improve its inadequate laws and enforcement, in order to end the large scale facilitation of the piracy of U.S. and other content in the MENA region, and beyond.Should USTR have any questions or require any further information regarding this submission, AAPA is available to answer any questions.View screenshots at https://www.regulations.gov/contentStreamer?documentId=USTR-2020-0041-0006&attachmentNumber=1&contentType=pdfYours sincerely,Sheila CassellsExecutive Vice-President. AAPASheila.cassells@aapa.eu* * *Footnotes:1/ https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Releases/2020%20Review%20of%20Notorious%20Markets%20for %20Counterfeiting%20and%20Piracy%20(final).pdf, at pp. 20 and 30.2/ See http://www.foreveriptv.net/#channel-section (last accessed Jan. 19, 2021). Forever IPTV offers a "USA" package.3/ See 2018 Special 301 Report, OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE (April 2018), p. 52; 2019 Special 301 Report, OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE (April 2019), p. 52; 2020 Special 301 Report, OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE (April 2020), p. 53. See also USTR 2020 National Trade Estimate Report, p. 9 (noting that "significant IP-related concerns remain, particularly regarding the enforcement of anti-piracy statutes, such as those aimed at combating the use of unlicensed software").4/ See https://gogo-iptv.en.aptoide.com/app.5/ See http://gogo-icone.com.6/ See https://iptvfacile.com/en/home/20-iptv-gogo-iptv-12-months.html.7/ 2020 Special 301 Report, OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE (April 2020), p. 71.8/ See https://www.similarweb.com/website/kora-online.tv/ (last accessed Jan. 14, 2021).9/ See https://www.similarweb.com/website/kora-star.tv/ (last accessed Jan. 14, 2021).10/ See https://www.similarweb.com/website/beinmatch.vip/#overview (last accessed Jan. 8, 2021).11/ Submission by beIN Media Group, LLC and Miramax, LLC for the 2019 Special 301 Review, Annex 3, available at https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=USTR-2018-0037-0052.12/ See Submission by beIN Media Group, LLC and Miramax, LLC for the 2019 Special 301 Review, available at https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=USTR-2018-0037-0052.13/ See Submission by beIN Media Group, LLC and Miramax, LLC for the 2019 Special 301 Review, pp. 14-15, available at https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=USTR-2018-0037-0052.14/ Submission by beIN Media Group, LLC and Miramax, LLC for the 2020 Special 301 Review, p. 9, available at https://beta.regulations.gov/comment/USTR-2019-0023-0027.15/ See https://www.similarweb.com/website/livehd7.site/#overview (last accessed Jan. 14, 2021).16/ https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Releases/2020%20Review%20of%20Notorious%20Markets%20for %20Counterfeiting%20and%20Piracy%20(final).pdf, at p. 23.17/ See https://www.similarweb.com/website/haraj.com.sa/ (last accessed Jan. 8, 2021).18/ See, e.g., U. S. Chamber of Commerce, 2020 Special 301 Submission (February 6, 2020), pp. 105-106, available at https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=USTR-2019-0023-0039.* * *The notice can be viewed at: https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=USTR-2020-0041-0001TARGETED NEWS SERVICE (founded 2004) features non-partisan 'edited journalism' news briefs and information for news organizations, public policy groups and individuals; as well as 'gathered' public policy information, including news releases, reports, speeches. For more information contact MYRON STRUCK, editor, editor@targetednews.com, Springfield, Virginia; 703/304-1897; https://targetednews.comC22-SUharpal-1503513Load-Date: February 2, 2021End of Document

Coronavirus originated from an exotic animal farm in China, according to a WHO reportCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 16, 2021 TuesdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 470 wordsBodyThe SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus probably originated from an exotic animal farm in the south of the country. This was stated by researcher Peter Daszak, president of the EcoHealth Alliance and one of the members of the World Health Organization (WHO) delegation who investigated the onset of the pandemic in China.The expert stated that during his trip to China, along with other specialists, he found new evidence that wild animal farms were supplying Huanan Market in Wuhan, Hubei Province.In dialogue with US npRradio, Daszak stated that he believes that "SARS-CoV-2 first infected people in southern China. Looks like it was.""Those farms take exotic animals like ginetas, porcupines, pangolins, raccoons or bamboo rats to reproduce in captivity" and have been closed on the orders of the Chinese government, the researcher explained, adding that the Chinese government's rapid reaction to closing those farms is a sign that the most likely route of coronavirus transmission was from bats to some kind of wild animal bred in captivity in southern China or Burma and from there to humans."China closed them because in February 2020 it thought it was the most possible way (of contagion in Wuhan, where the new disease was first detected). And in the WHO report, we also believe it is the most likely way forward," he said.In the coming weeks, WHO will present a report with some of the conclusions drawn by the team of experts of which Daszak is a member.About the pandemicPeter Daszak is one of the world's most important disease ecologists. From the beginning of the pandemic, he warned about the relationship between viruses and human contact with nature.In March 2020, in an interview with the BBC,he stated that "the underlying causes of emerging diseases are determined by what we do in the world, in the environment near wildlife. Most wild animals carry viruses, and some of them can infect us and become lethal," he argued in an interview with the BBC in March 2020."As we make more contact with wildlife in our day-to-day activities, such as road construction, forest logging, wildlife trade or agriculture, we are exposed to these viruses. We do this on an exponentially growing scale on the planet due to the increase in population and our ecological footprint. That's why we see more diseases," he said.NEWSLETTER 9AM From Monday to Friday, the selection of our editors of the most relevant information for each day.  Enter your email Send Thank you for subscribing!An error has occurred, please try again later.  We have something to offer you With our digital subscription you will enjoy more than 300 exclusive items per month and ship our sites without limits. We have premium newsletters, an exclusive community for you, discounts with Club La Voz and more.  I want to subscribe from $89 Advertising       Load-Date: March 18, 2021End of Document

RUBIO, MENENDEZ SEEK ANSWERS ABOUT AMAZON DEALINGS WITH CHINESE COMPANY REPORTEDLY COMPLICIT IN UYGHUR GENOCIDEStates News ServiceFebruary 10, 2021 WednesdayCopyright 2021 States News ServiceLength: 1078 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, D.C. BodyThe following information was released by Florida Senator Marco Rubio:U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Senator Bob Menendez (D-NJ), Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, called on Amazon CEO, Jeff Bezos, to detail the nature of his company's dealings with Dahua Technology Co., a Chinese company that has reportedly developed facial recognition software to recognize and report detection of Uyghur Muslims to Chinese authorities, facilitating the Chinese government's ongoing genocide and other crimes against humanity against the Uyghur people."These reports are extremely disturbing, and show that the comprehensive surveillance system that Chinese authorities have deployed against the Uyghurs is just as bad as we had feared, if not worse," the Senators wrote, citing troubling software features including the "Real-time Uyghur Warnings" that report individuals with specified facial traits to Chinese security forces immediately.The Senators also raised questions concerning Mr. Bezos' awareness of Dahua Technology's status on the Commerce Department's Entity List when his company entered into negotiations, and agreed to a $10 million contract in 2019, with the Chinese company as well as Amazon's criteria to determine when to terminate a business relationship with an entity that engages in human rights violations."While buying equipment from Dahua Technology is not illegal, it does raise several questions for you as the Chief Executive of Amazon," the Senators added. "If these allegations against Dahua are true, it would mean that Amazon willfully ignored guidance from the United States government and purchased equipment from an entity-listed company that is complicit in China's atrocities against the Uyghurs."Rubio is Cochair of the bipartisan and bicameral Congressional-Executive Commission on China (CECC) and the Ranking Member of the Senate Foreign Relations' Subcommittee that oversees human rights.The full text of the letter is below.Dear Mr. Bezos:We write regarding the concerning reports that Dahua Technology Company, a Chinese business that is designated on the United States Department of Commerce Entity List, and with which Amazon has entered into several troubling contracts. Dahua Technology specifically developed software to provide instant detection of Uyghurs to Chinese authorities using facial recognition programs.Since 2014, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has instituted an Orwellian system of surveillance, intimidation, and mass internment of Uyghurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz, and members of other Muslim minority groups in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Reports suggest that more than 1 million Uyghurs, and other Turkic Muslims, have been arbitrarily detained and forced into so-called "political re-education" camps, where they are denied civil and political rights, such as the freedoms of expression, religion, movement, and a fair trial. Mounting evidence points to gross and systemic human rights violations occurring in these camps, including forced political indoctrination, torture, beatings, food deprivations, sexual violence, forced sterilizations, and other egregious abuses. Additionally, the CCP has forced many Uyghurs, and other Turkic Muslims, into labor at nearby factories, either while in detention, or after release, under threat of being sent back into the camps. Recently, the State Department determined that the People's Republic of China is committing genocide and crimes against humanity against the Uyghur population in Xinjiang.According to a joint report released this week by the Los Angeles Times and IPVM, Dahua Technology inadvertently revealed the source code for the Uyghur facial detection software on its product support portal, allowing researchers to investigate the software's code, where they reportedly found many troubling features.[1] Specifically, the code for Dahua's "Smart Police Heart of City" programwhich is advertised as having early warning capabilities contained several features referencing "Real-time Uyghur Warnings," an option that when enabled would instantly report a person whose face was identified as having Uyghur traits to Chinese security forces. Dahua's "Sharp Eyes" project also had a category listed as "Uyghurs with hidden terrorist inclinations." Further, it was revealed in November 2020 that Dahua's publicly available Software Development Kit (SDK) had the ability to filter a code for "EM_NATION_TYPE_UYGUR = 1." These reports are extremely disturbing, and show that the comprehensive surveillance system that Chinese authorities have deployed against the Uyghurs is just as bad as we had feared, if not worse.Last year, Amazon entered into a deal reportedly worth $10 million to buy 1,500 cameras from Dahua Technology, even though the U.S. Department of Commerce had already labeled the company as being "involved, or to pose a significant risk of being or becoming involved, in activities contrary to the national security or foreign policy interests of the United States."[2] If these allegations against Dahua are true, it would mean that Amazon willfully ignored guidance from the United States government and purchased equipment from an entity-listed company that is complicit in China's atrocities against the Uyghurs.While buying equipment from Dahua Technology is not illegal, it does raise several questions for you, as the Chief Executive, of Amazon. Specifically:1) Were you aware that Dahua Technology was on the Commerce Department's Entity List when your company entered into negotiations with, and subsequently agreed to, a $10 million contract with them? If so, when were you made aware of the Entity List designation? Was it a factor in your deliberations about sourcing such equipment?2) When did you become aware of the reports of Dahua Technology's participation in China's state surveillance system against the Uyghurs and other groups targeted by the party-state?3) After the November 2020 reports that source code was found specifically related to surveilling Uyghurs in Dahua's SDK, did Amazon have any pending contracts with Dahua? Were any contracts completed after this information came to light?4) What criteria does Amazon use to determine when to terminate a business relationship with an entity that engages in human rights violations? If Amazon does not have such a criteria, will it develop one in light of the recent Dahua related reports?We look forward to your response. Thank you.Load-Date: February 11, 2021End of Document

Sens. Rubio, Menendez Seek Answers About Amazon Dealings With Chinese Company Reportedly Complicit in Uyghur GenocideTargeted News ServiceFebruary 11, 2021 Thursday 7:00 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1102 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodySen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, issued the following news release:U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Senator Bob Menendez (D-NJ), Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, called on Amazon CEO, Jeff Bezos, to detail the nature of his company's dealings with Dahua Technology Co., a Chinese company that has reportedly developed facial recognition software to recognize and report detection of Uyghur Muslims to Chinese authorities, facilitating the Chinese government's ongoing genocide and other crimes against humanity against the Uyghur people."These reports are extremely disturbing, and show that the comprehensive surveillance system that Chinese authorities have deployed against the Uyghurs is just as bad as we had feared, if not worse," the Senators wrote, citing troubling software features including the "Real-time Uyghur Warnings" that report individuals with specified facial traits to Chinese security forces immediately.The Senators also raised questions concerning Mr. Bezos' awareness of Dahua Technology's status on the Commerce Department's Entity List when his company entered into negotiations, and agreed to a $10 million contract in 2019, with the Chinese company as well as Amazon's criteria to determine when to terminate a business relationship with an entity that engages in human rights violations."While buying equipment from Dahua Technology is not illegal, it does raise several questions for you as the Chief Executive of Amazon," the Senators added. "If these allegations against Dahua are true, it would mean that Amazon willfully ignored guidance from the United States government and purchased equipment from an entity-listed company that is complicit in China's atrocities against the Uyghurs."Rubio is Cochair of the bipartisan and bicameral Congressional-Executive Commission on China (CECC) and the Ranking Member of the Senate Foreign Relations' Subcommittee that oversees human rights.* * *February 10, 2021To: Mr. Jeffrey P. Bezos, Chief Executive Officer, Amazon.com, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109Dear Mr. Bezos:We write regarding the concerning reports that Dahua Technology Company, a Chinese business that is designated on the United States Department of Commerce Entity List, and with which Amazon has entered into several troubling contracts. Dahua Technology specifically developed software to provide instant detection of Uyghurs to Chinese authorities using facial recognition programs.Since 2014, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has instituted an Orwellian system of surveillance, intimidation, and mass internment of Uyghurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz, and members of other Muslim minority groups in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Reports suggest that more than 1 million Uyghurs, and other Turkic Muslims, have been arbitrarily detained and forced into so-called "political re-education" camps, where they are denied civil and political rights, such as the freedoms of expression, religion, movement, and a fair trial. Mounting evidence points to gross and systemic human rights violations occurring in these camps, including forced political indoctrination, torture, beatings, food deprivations, sexual violence, forced sterilizations, and other egregious abuses. Additionally, the CCP has forced many Uyghurs, and other Turkic Muslims, into labor at nearby factories, either while in detention, or after release, under threat of being sent back into the camps. Recently, the State Department determined that the People's Republic of China is committing genocide and crimes against humanity against the Uyghur population in Xinjiang.According to a joint report released this week by the Los Angeles Times and IPVM, Dahua Technology inadvertently revealed the source code for the Uyghur facial detection software on its product support portal, allowing researchers to investigate the software's code, where they reportedly found many troubling features.[1] Specifically, the code for Dahua's "Smart Police Heart of City" program-which is advertised as having early warning capabilities - contained several features referencing "Real-time Uyghur Warnings," an option that when enabled would instantly report a person whose face was identified as having Uyghur traits to Chinese security forces. Dahua's "Sharp Eyes" project also had a category listed as "Uyghurs with hidden terrorist inclinations." Further, it was revealed in November 2020 that Dahua's publicly available Software Development Kit (SDK) had the ability to filter a code for "EM_NATION_TYPE_UYGUR = 1." These reports are extremely disturbing, and show that the comprehensive surveillance system that Chinese authorities have deployed against the Uyghurs is just as bad as we had feared, if not worse.Last year, Amazon entered into a deal reportedly worth $10 million to buy 1,500 cameras from Dahua Technology, even though the U.S. Department of Commerce had already labeled the company as being "involved, or to pose a significant risk of being or becoming involved, in activities contrary to the national security or foreign policy interests of the United States."[2] If these allegations against Dahua are true, it would mean that Amazon willfully ignored guidance from the United States government and purchased equipment from an entity-listed company that is complicit in China's atrocities against the Uyghurs.While buying equipment from Dahua Technology is not illegal, it does raise several questions for you, as the Chief Executive, of Amazon. Specifically:1) Were you aware that Dahua Technology was on the Commerce Department's Entity List when your company entered into negotiations with, and subsequently agreed to, a $10 million contract with them? If so, when were you made aware of the Entity List designation? Was it a factor in your deliberations about sourcing such equipment?2) When did you become aware of the reports of Dahua Technology's participation in China's state surveillance system against the Uyghurs and other groups targeted by the party-state?3) After the November 2020 reports that source code was found specifically related to surveilling Uyghurs in Dahua's SDK, did Amazon have any pending contracts with Dahua? Were any contracts completed after this information came to light?4) What criteria does Amazon use to determine when to terminate a business relationship with an entity that engages in human rights violations? If Amazon does not have such a criteria, will it develop one in light of the recent Dahua related reports?We look forward to your response. Thank you.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-7381883 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: February 11, 2021End of Document

Microsoft Hack, Likely From China, Reportedly Hits 60,000 UsersTheStreet.comMarch 8, 2021 Monday 11:56 AM EDTCopyright 2021 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 276 wordsByline: Tony OwusuHighlight: Microsoft says a hacking group tied to China's government had exploited a vulnerability in its Exchange servers. A report says 60,000 users have been affected.BodyThe mail-server hack that Microsoft  uncovered has affected 60,000 users globally, and the number is expected to grow as more companies patch the vulnerability and discover the intrusion, a report says.Many of the affected users seem to be small or medium-sized businesses, according to Bloomberg News. Over the weekend, the White House warned of an active hacking threat involving the Redmond, Wash., software giant's email servers. Microsoft said hackers used its mail servers to attack targets, with tens of thousands of U.S. organizations potentially affected.The attack has been under way since at least Jan 3, b.ut what was originally a "very stealthy" attack became "really noisy and very aggressive" over the past week, CNBC reported. Four previously unknown vulnerabilities in the Microsoft Exchange software were being used in the attacks. Microsoft last week issued emergency patches for the vulnerabilities while attributing the attacks to a newly discovered hacking team it calls Hafnium, with ties to the Chinese government. The Department of Homeland Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency issued an order to federal agencies to apply the patches or to simply disconnect vulnerable servers.   that it was "aware of widespread domestic and international exploitation of these vulnerabilities and strongly recommends organizations run [the security patch] as soon as possible."The attackers deployed so-called web shells, or remote access points to compromised systems, on Exchange servers to steal data and install malware. Microsoft is a holding in Jim Cramer's . Want to be alerted before Jim Cramer buys or sells MSFT? Load-Date: March 8, 2021End of Document

Court dates set for two Canadians detained in China on espionage chargesCNN WireMarch 18, 2021 Thursday 1:51 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 628 wordsByline: By James Griffiths, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body             Two Canadian citizens charged with espionage in China will go on trial Friday and Monday, more than two years after they were first detained.In a statement Thursday, Canada's Minister for Foreign Affairs, Marc Garneau, said the country's embassy in Beijing "has been notified that court hearings for Michael Spavor and Michael Kovrig are scheduled to take place on March 19 and March 22, respectively."The two Canadians have been detained since December 2018 and were charged in June last year with spying.Kovrig, a former Canadian diplomat who worked for the International Crisis Group (ICG), is accused by the Chinese authorities of "stealing sensitive information and intelligence through contacts in China since 2017," while Spavor, a businessman based in Beijing with a focus on North Korea, is accused of providing intelligence to Kovrig.Chinese officials have not disclosed any evidence against the two men or information detailing their alleged crimes, but have said, "the facts are clear and evidence is solid."The two men were detained following the arrest in Vancouver of Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Chinese tech giant Huawei, over allegations the company violated United States sanctions on Iran. Meng -- whose extradition hearing is currently ongoing -- has been held under house arrest in Vancouver since 2018.Spavor's trial will be taking place as US and Chinese officials are meeting in Alaska, the first time such high level discussions have taken place since Joe Biden became president.US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, who will be representing Washington at the meeting, has previously spoken out in support of the two Canadians, calling for them to be released "immediately and unconditionally."'Political' prosecutionFamily members and contacts of the two Canadian men have described them being held in poor conditions, and denied outside contact. Almost all in-person consular visits to foreign prisoners in China have been paused since last year due to the coronavirus pandemic, with diplomats only able to speak to those detained via the phone.After Kovrig and Spavor were charged with espionage last year, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau denounced the "political" nature of their case, saying their detention was a "decision made by the Chinese government and we deplore it."Trudeau has repeatedly refused to consider any trade of the two Canadians for Meng, whose detention has seen relations plunge between Ottawa and Beijing. Last month, Canada's parliament approved a non-binding motion accusing China of committing genocide against its Muslim minorities in the western region of Xinjiang, further straining ties between the two countries.In his statement Thursday, Garneau said Canada believes the detention of Kovrig and Spavor "are arbitrary, and remain deeply troubled by the lack of transparency surrounding these proceedings.""Canadian officials are seeking continued consular access to Mr. Spavor and Mr. Kovrig, in accordance with the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations and the China-Canada Consular Agreement, and have also requested to attend the proceedings," he added. "Canadian officials will continue to provide consular support to these men and their families during this unacceptable ordeal."Both the administrations of former US President Donald Trump, and now US President Joe Biden have pledged to do all they can to assist the two Canadians, with Vice President Kamala Harris telling Trudeau in a phone call in February that Washington was in "strong solidarity with Canada regarding the issue of two Canadian citizens unjustly detained by China."                      By James Griffiths, CNN         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 18, 2021End of Document

As Ant Group, Jack Ma's company, will change because of pressure from the Chinese regimeCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 29, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1121 wordsBodyFirst it was a speech, which Jack Ma gave on October 24, 2020, that the Chinese government did not like: "We have to get rid of the pawn shop mentality that the financial industry has today. We must rely on the development of the credit system." Then the expected arrival on the Ant Group stock exchange, its huge fintech, estimated to exceed $35 billion, was cancelled indefinitely.Then Ma literally vanished. As rumors multiplied—jail, an indication that he kept a low profile?—Alibaba, Ma's e-commerce giant, lost his value. Until the Chinese businessman, after 88 days of unknown whereabouts, gave a speech to rural teachers, whose video was timely circulated. And a few days later, it became known that Ant Group plans to become a financial holding company overseen by the Central Bank of China, fully complying with existing regulations, that "pawnshop mentality".As announced by The Wall Street Journal (WSJ), Chinese regulators demanded that Ant "become a full financial holding company, subjecting it to stricter capital requirements." And Ma's huge company, "in response, has presented the authorities with an outline of restructuring plan."The plan represents "a radical twist," according to the financial newspaper, for "the digital payment giant who in recent years tried to get rid of his image as a financial service provider to present himself as a technology and internet company," which increased estimates of its value."The appointment of Ant in its entirety as a financial conglomerate was not something that the company's executives and investors had previously envisaged," WSJ said. While preparing for the foiled IBRO, company documents defined that "one of its subsidiaries become a financial holding company and house its authorized financial businesses, such as asset management and consumer loans." Now that should be the goal of the entire company, which will "subject Ant to a tangle of regulations similar to those governing banks, and affect its growth and profitability."Ant owns the Alipay app, which, among other things, is used to make payments and is used by more than 1 billion people in China. Between June 2019 and June 2020, Alipay managed $17 trillion transactions and created un guaranteed short-term loans to some 500 million Chinese. In addition, it offered insurance policies and other products, such as investment funds.While the payment business and many of the financial services were subject to regulation, "the group as a whole long freed the strict capital requirements and rules to which banks, insurers and other traditional financial institutions are subject," WSJ explained.Financial newspaper sources estimated that the plan will be ready by mid-February, before Chinese lunar New Year holidays begin. The final version will have to be approved by the Financial Stability and Development Committee, a regulatory body headed by Liu He, Vice-President of China and a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party's Central Committee.It was known that in December Ant's executives met with four Chinese officials who demanded that the company rectify what they described as "problems" in their operations. After the meeting, a statement was issued from Pan Gongsheng, second from the Chinese Central Bank, who criticized Ant for "disrespiting" the rules. He also said that regulators had presented five demands to Ma's group: "Going back to their payment roots, safeguarding the personal data of theircredit business, create a financial conglomerate, improve corporate management and discipline its securities and asset management businesses."In the new structure the group will find it more difficult to mix its overall portfolio into its various constituent units, "which has allowed it to disguise risks by moving them to less regulated parts of the conglomerate," said Eswar Prasad, former holder of the Chinese division of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and professor at Cornell University.Chinese officials "were concerned that Ant's regulatory arbitration has allowed the company to paint its overall financial position pink and hide the financial risks created by its aggressive expansion into new lines of business," he told WSJ.Currently a panel, led by Ant CEO Simon Hu, works with regulators on transformation. The company created a compliance office, the director of which is in charge of verifying the fulfillment of day-to-day restructuring tasks.Perhaps this will allow him, in the future, to resume his public offering: at a virtual meeting of the World Economic Forum, Yi Gang, head of the Chinese Central Bank, had to answer whether that would happen, and said that if laws and rules are followed, "the result will be achieved." He also added that Alipay is in the public favor, but that Ant must solve the problems that users have highlighted about data privacy, something that never bothered the Chinese government, better known for requiring major technology companies to deliver user data."Ant is working on separating customer data that is currently shared across all business units, to establish the protocols that are common in banks," WSJ said. "Alipay has amassed a treasure trove of data on many people's spending habits and payment patterns, and has leveraged that to lend and sell investment products to its users. It is a key reason that in recent years the company has been able to grow rapidly and diversify its businesses."Another important factor in the Ma case is that since 1 November 2020, new rules for financial conglomerates have been in place in China. These include regulatory requirements for shareholders, their administration, their sources of funds, and how they employ them, and risk management."If Ant's reform is implemented, revenue and earnings growth could be significantly limited. Ant would also have to raise a substantial amount of capital to meet regulatory requirements, and the company's high valuation—which was based on its profitability and growth potential—could also be hit," WSJ examined. "Ant has already proceeded to reduce lending limits for individual users of its digital credit services, a sign that it is shrinking its business to comply with standards."It remains to be seen how restructuring could affect other areas of Ant's business, such as the development of blockchain technology or artificial intelligence, which were also among the great attractions of Ma's group.MORE ON THIS TOPIC:Alibaba's actions soared after Jack Ma's reappearanceJack Ma and his mysterious disappearance: the ideas of the tycoon that annoyed Xi Jinping's regimeMore and more Chinese entrepreneurs are considering taking their wealth out of the country in the face of Beijing's advance on the private sectorLoad-Date: January 30, 2021End of Document

Trump Orders Government Agencies to Minimize Procurement from ChinaMT Newswires Live Briefs PROJanuary 17, 2021 Sunday 6:59 PM ESTCopyright 2021 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 151 wordsBody In his last days of office, US President Donald Trump has directed government agencies to minimize procurement of goods and services from China.The outgoing president has asked government departments to review laws and regulations to propose regulatory and policy changes that are aimed at further limiting the Chinese government's access to US information systems."[T]he PRC poses the single greatest national security threat to America today. Beijing sees the United States as the main impediment to achieving its regional and global ambitions," Trump's national security advisor Robert O'Brien said in a statement Friday.The Trump administration has recently stepped up its clampdown on Chinese companies ahead of Joe Biden's inauguration Wednesday. The sanctions include an investment blacklist targeting Chinese companies with alleged military ties and the recent ban on Chinese mobile payment platforms.Load-Date: January 17, 2021End of Document

US assesses Alibaba and Tencent's addition to China's ban on actionsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 7, 2021 ThursdayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1322 wordsBodyU.S. officials are considering banning Americans from investing in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Tencent Holdings Ltd., in a possible escalation of the Trump administration's efforts to undo U.S. investors' holdings in major Chinese companies.In recent weeks, State and Defense Department officials have discussed expanding a blacklist of companies banned for U.S. investments for alleged links to China's military and security services, according to people familiar with the matter. The U.S. government announced its original blacklist in November with 31 companies.Tencent and Alibaba are China's two most valuable publicly traded companies, with a combined market capitalization of more than US$1.3 trillion and dozens of US mutual funds and other investors owning their shares. U.S. Alibaba deposit receipts listed in New York fell more than 5% on Wednesday, while Tencent ADRs fell by about 4% in the U.S. over-the-counter market.The blacklist is one of several efforts of the Trump administration related to investment in Chinese companies. Also Wednesday, the New York Stock Exchange said it would remove three of the major Chinese telecom operators subject to an executive order from the list of Trump, after previously dismissing the plan following a "new specific guidance" from the Treasury Department.Investment decisions are not the only steps the Trump administration has taken.After decades of policies generally aimed at cultivating closer ties, the United States has taken a tougher line against China in the business, politics, trade, and markets that have affected the global economy.U.S. companies have also changed, some moved production out of China, and others examined more closely the security of their trade secrets there. Wall Street, which has long sought a greater connection between countries' financial markets, is navigating the growing risks of linking investors' money to China.State and defense departments have debated with the Treasury if adding Alibaba and Tencent to the U.S. blacklist would have broad ramifications in capital markets, people familiar with the issue said. The plan remains under discussion and may not continue, people added.Alibaba and Tencent are tracked by major indices, including those created by MSCI Inc. and FTSE Russell. Alibaba, which is listed in both New York and Hong Kong, and Tencent, which is traded in Hong Kong, are heavyweights in widely followed global stock indices. Like most foreign companies, stocks are not included in the three major U.S. indices. Nasdaq, S&P; 500 or Dow Jones Industrial Average composite.In the final weeks of Trump's presidency, U.S. authorities have clashed over the scope of the list of companies veted on U.S. investors. Pentagon and state officials have sought a broader list that includes high-profile firms and many subsidiaries of companies already mentioned in China. Agencies have urged a tougher line to curb China's access to China's military and security services to data treasures, advanced technologies, and expertise. The Treasury, concerned that forced salesyou can shake up the financial markets, you want a narrower list.The Pentagon, the leading agency that manages the list, made no comment. The State Department and the Treasury Department did not comment.An Alibaba spokeswoman did not respond to requests for comment.A Tencent spokesman declined to comment.When asked about Alibaba and Tencent's possible bans at a press conference on Thursday, a spokeswoman for China's Foreign Ministry said: "The Chinese government will take the necessary steps to resolutely safeguard the legitimate and legal rights and interests of Chinese companies."While Alibaba and Tencent are not controlled by the Chinese government, the State Department and the Pentagon have long expressed concern that companies may be coerced into sharing data about U.S. citizens and businesses, which could serve as a conduit for Beijing to extend its influence.In a separate action earlier this week, President Trump signed an order prohibiting U.S. individuals and companies from transacting with eight Chinese software applications, including Alipay, Alibaba's affiliate, Ant Group Co., and Tencent's WeChat Pay. The order takes effect in 45 days, after President-elect Joe Biden takes office on January 20.Then, on Wednesday, NYSE said that the negotiation of U.S. listed shares of China Mobile Ltd., China Telecom Corp. and China Unicom (Hong Kong) Ltd. would be suspended at 4 a.m. ET on Monday.The exchange reversal is likely to raise further questions about its handling of the three Chinese stocks. The New York Stock Exchange noted last week that it would eliminate all three companies to comply with Trump's order, only to change course on Monday and say it would not remove them from the list.A person familiar with the matter attributed NYSE's setback on Monday to ambiguity as to whether the three companies were covered by the order. But the new guide, which the Treasury shared with the stock exchange on Tuesday night, made it clear that companies should be excluded from the list. The Treasury published that guide online on Wednesday morning.The Trump administration and hardliners against Beijing criticized the reversal of the exchange. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin called NYSE President Stacey Cunningham to express her objections.Last year there were several movements that could cut a recurring investment pipeline between U.S. investors and Chinese companies.In recent years, dozens of Chinese technology companies have raised tens of billions of dollars from U.S. and international investors, allowing foreign investors to capitalize on China's fast-growing economy. As of December 31, Alibaba and Tencent were among the main components of the MSCI emerging market index, representing a combined weighting of 11%. Similarly, the two together claimed a 12% weighting in the FTSE emerging index as of December 31.After publishing its November blacklist, the Pentagon expanded it in December to include companies such as China's leading chip manufacturer Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. and oil giant China National Offshore Oil Corp.In August, the State Department explained thatUnited needs to address the threats posed by cloud-based systems managed by Alibaba, Tencent, and Baidu Inc. The increased scrutiny that Alibaba and Ant have faced in China, putting them even more at the mercy of Beijing, has posed to the United States. officials' concerns in recent weeks, according to one of those familiar with the matter.The Chinese government has recently strengthened control over national technology champions, presenting extensive antitrust regulation targeting the country's largest internet platforms, launching an investigation into Alibaba and spooning Ant's initial successful public offering. Regulators are trying to get Ant to share the treasures of consumer credit data he has accumulated with China's central bank credit reporting system, The Wall Street Journal reported.Tencent operates the popular WeChat app, which has become one of Beijing's most powerful surveillance tools. Tencent also owns stakes in several American video game companies.The top U.S. asset managers, including T.Rowe Price Group Inc., BlackRock Inc. and Vanguard Group, are among Alibaba and Tencent's major public shareholders through funds, according to FactSet data.Asset managers are pushing to prevent companies like Alibaba from being blacklisted, said a person familiar with big financial firm talks with U.S. regulators.The Treasury said last week that investors would be barred from investing in both blacklisted companies and subsidiaries owned by 50% or more of a listed company. Derivatives, bonds and deposit receipts, as well as exchange-traded funds, indexed funds and mutual funds held by securities issued by these entities in any jurisdiction, will also be restricted to U.S. investors.Load-Date: January 8, 2021End of Document

As U.S., U.K. Converge on China, British Lawmaker Says 'Golden Era Is Over'Newsweek.comFebruary 25, 2021 Thursday 5:13 AM ESTCopyright © 2021 Newsweek Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1581 wordsByline: John FengHighlight: An "awakening" to the challenges posed by Beijing has caused a shift in attitude in the United Kingdom, says Tom Tugendhat, chair of China Research Group.BodyThe United States and United Kingdom are in near total alignment in major foreign policy areas, a British lawmaker with the country's ruling party has said, as analysts in Washington predict a coordinated effort to tackle some of the most pressing challenges posed by China.Echoing recent sentiments expressed on Capitol Hill, Tom Tugendhat, who chairs the British Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee, said there had been an "awakening" in the U.K. to the many irreconcilable practices of the Chinese government.While much of the world's attention was on the downturn in U.S.-China relations under former President Donald Trump, there has also been a notable hardening of British attitudes toward Beijing in the same period."The systemic challenge that we face from Beijing is increasingly realized," said Tugendhat, Conversative Party Member of Parliament for Tonbridge and Malling in the English county of Kent."Deep concern over human rights," including widely reported abuses of Uyghur Muslims and other Turkic minorities in Xinjiang, have "risen up the agenda" among policymakers in the U.K., he added.Amid the first wave of the coronavirus pandemic last April, Tugendhat and other Conservative backbenchers founded the China Research Group. Beyond his committee duties to scrutinize the U.K.'s Foreign Office, he wanted the CRG to help inform the government led by Prime Minister Boris Johnson and "fill a gap" in Britain's understanding of China and its ruling party, Tugendhat told Newsweek.The government announced a ban on Huawei's 5G equipment last summer, roughly a year after the Trump administration moved to restrict the Chinese technology giant over cybersecurity concerns.British telecom firms were at first given until 2027 to remove Huawei from their networks—or face fines—but in November, the U.K.'s digital secretary, Oliver Dowden, announced that operators would have to stop installing Huawei's 5G equipment from the end of September 2021.The CRG's latest report in December highlighted other areas of concern when it came to China, all of which overlap with key issues raised by the Biden administration. Among them are Chinese influence in higher education and worries over dual-use technology. Beijing's crackdown on democracy in Hong Kong and its human rights violations against Uyghurs are also high on the list.Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab sounded fears over China's "deeply disturbing" decision to introduce a sweeping national security law for Hong Kong last June. More recently, he has announced a route to citizenship for millions of Hongkongers holding British National (Overseas) passports, and addressed reports of forced labor in Xinjiang by strengthening supply chains under the U.K.'s Modern Slavery Act.The CRG, however, is pushing Johnson's government for more, including the application of Magnitsky-style sanctions on Communist Party officials and entities responsible for the practices which have troubled the U.S. and U.K, as well as other international observers."The Golden Era is over," Tugendhat said, referring to a phrase former British chancellor George Osborne used to describe the U.K.'s close relationship with China in 2015, during a period marked by a state visit by Chairman Xi Jinping and China's "First Lady" Peng Liyuan.Toward the end of Trump's presidency, his administration declared China's policies in Xinjiang as genocide. Secretary of State Antony Blinken has said he agrees with that assessment of forced labor, forced sterilization and mass detention of ethnic minorities in "re-education camps," which Beijing has touted as part of its successful counterterrorism campaign in the region.The State Department on Wednesday reiterated the Biden administration's position on the matter, including its view of China as having committed "crimes against humanity."Although the British government has been unequivocal in its description of events in northwestern China, it has so far stopped short of using the same declaration.While there may be debate among governments as to whether China's policies in Xinjiang constitute genocide in themselves, Tugendhat said Beijing's actions in the region should not be tolerated to begin with."We shouldn't wait for genocide to take action against human rights violations," he said.By the Tory MP's reading, alignment between Washington and London on foreign matters was now "pretty total." As is the case on Capitol Hill, there was also a cross-party consensus among British lawmakers when it came to China as a major strategic competitor.President Joe Biden's election means the U.S. is now "extremely cautious, measured and united with other allies," he added. "It strengthens the U.S., U.K. and other important partners."During his campaign, Biden had called for a "coalition of democracies" to counter China's rising influence. He followed that by appointing key national security advisers like Kurt Campbell, a veteran Asia expert who was anointed to the new position of Indo-Pacific coordinator.In a January essay for Foreign Affairs, Campbell advocated for Prime Minister Johnson's "Democracy 10" or "D10"—comprising the G7 plus Australia, South Korea and India. Incidentally, his co-author on the piece, Rush Doshi, is now also in the Biden administration as a China policy adviser.The View From D.C.When it came to challenges posed by Beijing, areas of converging interests between Washington and London were many, while the areas of divergence were few, said Ryan Hass, a senior policy expert at the Brookings Institution."In the past, though, there have been divergent levels of risk tolerance for addressing shared concerns with China, which has placed a limit on some forms of cooperation," he noted.Hass told Newsweek: "London may be a naturally strong partner for the United States on specific issues, such as Hong Kong and protection of freedom of navigation, given the U.K.'s history and the strength of U.K. interests in these issues."London's recent willingness to call for the U.N. to be granted unfettered access to investigate reports of abuse in Xinjiang also places the U.K. and the U.S. in a position to reinforce each other's efforts on this important issue."In a report on U.S.-Europe cooperation released by Yale's Paul Tsai China Center this month, Hass and others recommended ways in which Washington and European leaders could come together to address concerns ranging from China's non-market economic coercion to its intellectual property violations.Areas of cooperation listed in the report would apply well to London as well, said Hass, who chairs Brookings groups on China, Taiwan and East Asia.The U.K.'s shift in attitude toward Beijing was "a long time coming," said China analyst Bryce Barros, who is with the German Marshall Fund's Alliance for Securing Democracy.Following Britain's decision to leave the European Union, some felt the U.K. could turn to China for more trade, but that will prove difficult in the current climate, he added.As government looks toward its "Global Britain" foreign policy post-Brexit, potential involvement in the CPTPP trading bloc would be one to watch, said Barros. The U.K. applied for membership to the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership on February 1.Tugendhat said concerns over China's policies would make it harder for London to significantly increase its trading relationship with Beijing. Through the CRG, he has also conducted debates about the position of British financial institutions in Hong Kong.Indo-Pacific TiltLater this year, the U.K. will send its flagship aircraft carrier HMS Queen Elizabeth to the East China Sea via the contested South China Sea and sensitive Taiwan Strait. The decision has already led to protests from Beijing and accusations of "muscle flexing.""This isn't about Britain exerting power," Tugendhat said of the upcoming Royal Navy deployment. "This is about us partnering with friends and allies.""While Britain may not be a Pacific power, it has obligations and very, very close alliances in the Indo-Pacific, such as with Japan," added the lawmaker, who served 10 years in the British Army during the Iraq War and the War in Afghanistan.Barros, who studies China's malign influence—including in its diplomatic practices—said the U.S. and U.K. could jointly encourage countries in the Commonwealth to form closer ties with Taiwan, similar to what Washington has been doing with some of Taipei's few remaining official partners in the Caribbean.Such a transatlantic partnership "could give Global Britain more of a say," he added, "however it wants to be involved in the Asia-Pacific."While the American public has had several decades to understand the significance of the Indo-Pacific to U.S. national interests, uncertainty still clouds British public opinion on the country's own pivot to Asia.According to a survey published this month by the British Foreign Policy Group, more than a third of Britons were "unsure about the arguments for or against such a rebalance," despite a similar number recognizing the region "will be important to global power dynamics and economic growth."The think tank's report, compiled after 2,002 U.K. adults were polled between January 6 and 7, reflected a deep mistrust of China in 78 percent of respondents.However, only 18 percent of Britons supported deploying U.K. security and defense resources "to contain China's aggression in the Indo-Pacific," BFPG's findings showed.Link to ImageGraphic Prime Minister Boris Johnson Chairs UN CouncilStefan Rousseau-WPA Pool/Getty ImagesFile photo: U.K. Prime Minister Boris Johnson chairs a session of the U.N. Security Council on climate and security at the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office on February 23, 2021, in London, England.Load-Date: February 25, 2021End of Document

China to begin trial of Canadians arrested in 2018 and accused of espionageCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMarch 12, 2021 FridayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 375 wordsBodyChina will begin trial against Canadians Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor, who were arrested two years ago in apparent retaliation for the arrest in Canada of a senior executive of Chinese communications giant Huawei Technologies.The Asian giant has revealed few details of the charges against Canadians, who were allowed occasional visits. In June last year, "crimes that undermine China's national security" were charged.According to chinese media, Kovrig was accused of "using an ordinary passport and business visa to enter China to steal confidential information and intelligence through contacts in China since 2017." In Spavor's case, he will be judged as "a key source of intelligence for Kovrig".Hearings have been delayed due to COVID-19 pandemic prevention measures, but the court will "advance the trial soon," the newspaper said.Both Canadians were arrested after Meng Wanzhou, a Chinese business executive at Huawei, was arrested at Vancouver Airport in Canada. The United States seeks wanzhou to be extradited to face fraud charges.Meng, who remains free on bail in Vancouver and is also the daughter of Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei.His arrest infuriated Beijing, which sees the U.S. case as a political movement designed to prevent China's rise, and deteriorated relations with Canada, which after this case plummeted.China has also retaliated by imposing restrictions on several Canadian exports to China and has handed down death sentences to four Canadians convicted of drug trafficking.Following the arrest of Kovrig and Spavor, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau condemned the "political" nature of the case and assured that the arrest corresponds to a "decision made by the Chinese government. In addition, he denied considering any exchange of the two Canadians for Meng.Both Donald Trump's former administration and U.S. President Joe Biden's current administration have pledged to do everything they can to help the two Canadians, whom he believes were "unfairly detained."• Chile's President Sebastian Piñera receives second dose of Chinese Sinovac vaccine• Here's what you need to know about the health passport that China launched• United Arab Emirates puts third dose of Chinese vaccine in cases that do not get antibodiesLoad-Date: March 13, 2021End of Document

China to begin trial of two Canadians for alleged espionage soon, state media reportsCNN WireMarch 12, 2021 Friday 3:57 AM GMTCopyright 2021 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 458 wordsByline: By Steven Jiang and James Griffiths, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body             Two Canadian citizens charged with espionage in China could go on trial "soon," according to the state-run Global Times newspaper.Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor have been detained since December 2018 and were charged in June last year with spying. In an article published late Thursday, the Global Times said that their cases had previously been delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic but were now proceeding.While the article did not carry a byline, on Twitter, the paper's editor Hu Xijin said that an anonymous source had told him "China's judicial department will conduct first trial over these two cases soon."Kovrig, a former Canadian diplomat who worked for the International Crisis Group (ICG), is accused by the Chinese authorities of "stealing sensitive information and intelligence through contacts in China since 2017," while Spavor, a businessman based in Beijing with a focus on North Korea, is accused of providing intelligence to Kovrig.Chinese officials have not disclosed any evidence against the two men or information detailing their alleged crimes, but have said, "the facts are clear and evidence is solid."The two men were detained following the arrest in Vancouver of Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Chinese tech giant Huawei, over allegations the company violated United States sanctions on Iran. Meng has been held in Canada ever since, awaiting potential extradition to the US.After Kovrig and Spavor were charged with espionage last year, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau denounced the "political" nature of their case, saying their detention was a "decision made by the Chinese government and we deplore it."Trudeau has repeatedly refused to consider any trade of the two Canadians for Meng.Speaking earlier this year, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said that Ottawa had tried "to draw parallels between the Meng Wanzhou case and the cases of the two Canadian nationals in an attempt to confuse right and wrong with ulterior motives.""It is seeking to resort to megaphone diplomacy and gang up on China," she added. "This hasn't worked in the past, and will never work in the future."Both the former Donald Trump administration and President Joe Biden's government have pledged to do all they can to assist the two Canadians, with Vice President Kamala Harris telling Trudeau in a phone call in February that Washington was in "strong solidarity with Canada regarding the issue of two Canadian citizens unjustly detained by China."                      Steve Jiang reported from Beijing, James Griffiths reported from Hong Kong. CNN's Philip Wang contributed reporting from Atlanta.         TM & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 11, 2021End of Document

ACT | The App Association Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative NoticeTargeted News ServiceFebruary 1, 2021 Monday 7:16 AM  ESTCopyright 2021 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 5654 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON, Feb. 1 -- Brian Scarpelli, senior global policy counsel, and Belen Crisp, policy counsel, at ACT | The App Association have issued a public comment on the U.S. Trade Representative notice entitled "Hearing: 2021 Special 301 Review". The comment was written on Jan. 28, 2021, and posted on Jan. 29, 2021:* * *ACT | The App Association (App Association) writes in response to the Office of the United States Trade Representative's (USTR) request to identify countries that deny adequate and effective protection of intellectual property rights (IPR) or deny fair and equitable market access to U.S. persons who rely on IPR protections, to inform USTR's 2021 Special 301 Report./1The App Association represents thousands of small business software application development companies and technology firms located across the United States and the globe./2Alongside the rapid adoption of mobile technologies, our members develop innovative applications and products that improve workplace productivity, accelerate academic achievement, monitor health, and support the global digital economy. Today, the app ecosystem is worth more than $1.7 trillion, is responsible for 5.9 million American jobs, and serves as a key driver of the $8 trillion internet of things (IoT) revolution.I. General CommentsThe global digital economy holds great promise for small app development companies, but our members face a diverse array of trade barriers when entering new markets. These barriers may take the form of laws, regulations, policies, or practices that protect domestic goods and services from foreign competition, artificially stimulate exports of domestic goods and services, or fail to provide adequate and effective protection of IPR. While these barriers have different forms, they all have the same net effect: impeding U.S. exports and investment at the expense of American workers. Such trade barriers include:* Intellectual Property Violations: The infringement and theft of IPR (copyrights, trademarks, patents, and trade secrets) presents a major threat to our members and the billions of consumers who rely on their digital products and services. Strong but fair protection of intellectual property for copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets is essential to their businesses.* Limiting Cross-Border Data Flows: Limiting cross-border data flows hurts all players in the digital economy. The seamless flow of data across economies and political borders is essential to the global economy. In particular, innovative small app development companies rely on unfettered data flows to access new markets and customers.* Data Localization Policies: Companies expanding into new overseas markets often face regulations that force them to build and/or use local data infrastructure.These data localization requirements seriously hinder imports and exports, as well as jeopardize an economy's international competitiveness and undermine domestic economic diversification. Small app developers often do not have the resources to build or maintain infrastructure in every country in which they do business, which effectively excludes them from global commerce.* Customs Duties on Digital Content: American app developers and technology companies take advantage of the internet's global nature to reach the 95 percent of customers who are outside the United States. However, the "tolling" of data across political borders with the intent of collecting customs duties directly contributes to the balkanization of the internet and prevents small business digital economy innovators from entering new markets.* Requirements to Provide Source Code for Market Entry: Some governments have proposed or implemented policies that make legal market entry contingent upon the transfer of proprietary source code. For app developers and tech companies, intellectual property is the lifeblood of their business, and the transfer of source code presents an untenable risk of theft and piracy. These requirements present serious disincentives for international trade and are non-starters for the App Association's members.* Requirements for "Backdoors" in Encryption Techniques: Global digital trade depends on technical data protection methods and strong encryption techniques to keep users safe from harms like identity theft. However, some governments and companies insist that "backdoors" be built into encryption for the purposes of government access. These policies would degrade the safety and security of data, as well as the trust of end users, by creating known vulnerabilities that unauthorized parties can exploit. From a security and privacy standpoint, the viability of app developers' products depends on the trust of end users.The infringement and theft of IP jeopardizes the success of App Association members and hurts the billions of consumers who rely on their app-based products and services.Each kind of IPR (copyrights, trademarks, patents, and trade secrets) represents distinct utilities upon which App Association members depend. App developers and publishers lost an estimated $17.5 billion to pirated apps between 2013 and 2018./3IPR violations lead to customer data loss, interruption of service, revenue loss, and reputational damage - each alone is a potential "end-of-life" occurrence for a small app development company. Common IPR violation scenarios include:* Copying of an App: Disregarding copyrights, a pirate will completely replicate an app but remove the digital rights management (DRM) component, enabling them to publish a copy of an app on illegitimate websites or legitimate app stores.* Extracting and Illegally Reusing App Content: Disregarding copyrights, a pirate will steal content from an app--sounds, animations, characters, video, and the like-- and repurpose it elsewhere or within their own app.* Disabling an App's Locks or Advertising Keys: Disregarding copyrights, a pirate will change advertising keys to redirect ad revenue from a legitimate business to theirs. In other instances, they will remove locked functions like in-app purchases.* "Brand-Jacking" of an App: Disregarding copyrights, a pirate will inject malicious code into an app that collects users' private information and republishes a copy of the app. The republished app looks and functions like the original--often using the same name, logo, or graphics-ultimately luring customers who trust the brand into downloading the counterfeit app and putting their sensitive information at risk.* Misappropriation of a Trademark to Intentionally Confuse Users: Disregarding trademark rights, a pirate will seek to use an app's name or trademarked brand to trick users into providing their information to the pirate for exploitation.* Illegal Use of Patented Technology: A pirate will utilize patented technology in violation of the patent owner's rights. Our members commonly experience such infringement in both utility patents and design patents (e.g., graphical user interfaces).* Government Mandated Transfer of IPR to Gain Market Entry: A market regulator will impose joint venture requirements, foreign equity limitations, ambiguous regulations and/or regulatory approval processes, and other creative means (such as source code "escrowing") that force U.S. companies to transfer IPR to others in order to access their market.* Government Failure to Protect Trade Secrets: A pirate will intentionally steal a trade secret, and subsequently benefit from particular countries' lack of legal protections and/or rule of law. The victim of the theft will be unable to protect their rights through the legal system.Section 182 of the Trade Act requires USTR to identify countries that deny adequate and effective IPR protections./4The Trade Act also requires USTR to identify which countries, if any, are Priority Foreign Countries that demonstrate subpar IPR protections for U.S. companies and citizens./5Pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Trade Act,/6 the App Association is pleased to provide its recommendations to this year's Priority Watch List and Watch List. We support efforts by the U.S. government to protect American small businesses that rely on IPR to innovate and need certainty in the protection of their IPR abroad. We commit to partnership efforts with USTR to create responsible IPR protections across the globe to help our members enter new markets and create more U.S. jobs.II. Countries that Should Be on, or Remain on, USTR's Priority Watch ListA. ChinaTheft and infringement, which increasingly originates in China, puts our members' businesses and the jobs they create at serious risk. In many cases, a single IPR violation can represent an "end-of-life" scenario for small businesses and innovators. Numerous Chinese government laws and policies have a negative impact on our members, who have experienced IPR infringement in the Chinese market in each of the common scenarios described above. Overall, our members view the business environment in China as a continued challenge, largely driven by a lack of confidence in IPR protections.Notable examples include the Chinese government's application of the controversial "essential facilities" doctrine to IPR in the State Administration for Industry and Commerce's (SAIC)/7 Rules on Prohibition of Abusing Intellectual Property Rights to Eliminate or Restrict Competition (IP Abuse Rules), which took effect on August 1, 2015.Article 7 of SAIC's IP Abuse Rules states:Undertakings with dominant market position shall not, without justification, refuse other undertakings to license under reasonable terms their IPR, which constitutes an essential facility for business operation, to eliminate or restrict competition. Determination of the aforesaid conduct shall take into account the following factors:(i) whether the concerned IPR can't be reasonably substituted in the relevant market, which is necessary for other undertakings to compete in the relevant market;(ii) whether a refusal to license the IPR will adversely affect the competition or innovation of the relevant market, to the detriment of consumers' interest or public interests;(iii) whether the licensing of the IPR will not cause unreasonable damage to the licensing undertaking.The App Association does not support the notion that competitors should have access to "essential" patents (outside of the standardization context, as discussed below) because they allegedly cannot compete without such access, even in the rare cases where there is little damage to the IP holder, or consumer interests are allegedly harmed by lack of competition. This provision seriously undermines the fundamental right to exclude others from using one's intellectual property, and thus, affects incentives to innovate in the long term. Under this provision, U.S. innovators, particularly those with operations in China, are left vulnerable because SAIC uses significant discretion to balance the necessary factors to determine the issuance of a compulsory license.The App Association notes the critical differences between regular patents and standard-essential patents (SEPs), which must be considered separately. Generally, seamless interconnectivity is made possible by technological standards, such as Wi-Fi, LTE, and Bluetooth. Companies often collaborate to develop these standards by contributing their patented technologies. These technological standards, which are built through an open and consensus-based process, bring immense value to consumers by promoting interoperability while enabling healthy competition between innovators.When a patent holder lends its patented technology to a standard, it can result in a clear path to royalties in a market that likely would not have existed without the wide adoption of the standard. To balance this growth potential with the need to access the patents that support the standard, many standard development organizations (SDOs) require patent holders of standardized technologies to license their patents on fair, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory (FRAND) terms. FRAND commitments prevent the owners of SEPs, the patents needed to implement a standard, from exploiting the market power that results from the broad adoption of a standard. Once patented technologies are incorporated into a standard, manufacturers are compelled to use them to maintain product compatibility.In exchange for making a voluntary FRAND commitment with an SDO, SEP holders can obtain reasonable royalties from manufacturers that produce products compliant with the standard, which may not have existed absent the standard. Without a FRAND commitment, SEP holders would have the same power as a monopolist that faces no competition. In line with our members' core interests in this area, the App Association has established an initiative known as "All Things FRAND"/8 to assist policymakers, including USTR, in understanding SEP FRAND issues and developments; the App Association has further adopted and advocates for several key consensus principles to prevent patent "hold up" and anti-competitive conduct which are available on the All Things FRAND website./9Specific to China and SEPs, the App Association acknowledges that certain entities like the Standardization Administration of China have attempted to publish policies that would have instructed Chinese-backed standardization bodies to lower or undermine royalty payments for patents, without differentiating between FRAND-encumbered SEPs and other patents. With assistance from the international community, such efforts have been thwarted. Today, SAIC's IPR Rules appropriately recognize that it may be an abuse of dominance for SEP holders to eliminate or restrict competition, "such as by refusing to license, tying or imposing other unreasonable trading terms, in violation of fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory principle." In contrast to its policies on patents generally, SAIC's treatment of FRAND-encumbered SEPs is consistent with an emerging consensus on how to deal with serious breaches of FRAND commitments. We strongly urge USTR to ensure that it does not conflate general patent licensing issues with the unique set of issues and global competition law consensus specific to SEPs./10Most recently, China's State Administration for Market Regulation (SAMR) released four new Guidelines as part of a book of Chinese antitrust regulations and guidelines and related legal and regulatory documents, one of which is Guidelines on Anti-monopoly in the Field of Intellectual Property (å ½å ¡é ¢å  å  æ  å§ å  ä¼ å ³äº ç ¥è¯ äº§æ  é¢ å  ç  å  å  æ  æ  å  ).Notably Article 27 addresses "Special Issues in SEPs," and though no official English translation is available, this Article appears to align with the global norms for SEP law and policy that the App Association identifies elsewhere in this comment.In addition, small app businesses depend on customer trust to grow and create more jobs, an endeavor that can only be maintained through the use of the strongest technical protection mechanisms (TPM) available, including encryption. In cross-sector and sector-specific contexts, the Chinese government continues to threaten the ability to utilize TPMs, primarily encryption. Not only do these requirements jeopardize our members' ability to protect their IPR, but they also threaten the integrity and security of the digital economy.More broadly, numerous policies in place today or proposed in China create significant market access issues for App Association members who all rely on IPR. Such measures include restrictions on cross-border data flows and data localization requirements effected through China's Cybersecurity Law (CSL); vague restrictions and requirements placed on "network providers" with further issues created through standards and measures developed by the Cybersecurity Administration of China pursuant to the CSL; source code disclosure mandates; and foreign direct investment restrictions.China's encryption rules and cybersecurity laws should be monitored by the USTR and included in the report. On May 11, 2020, China issued the Commercial Encryption Product Certification Catalogue and the Commercial Encryption Certification Measures.Manufacturers of products listed on the catalogue will not be subject to mandatory approval requirements before launching products into the market. The certification is voluntary, but its goal is to serve as an assurance to customers that the commercial encryption products conform to Chinese standards./11If effective, App Association members may be able to successfully get their products to customers in China. The certifications remain valid for a five-year period but are subject to further review if the product or entity producing the product undergoes any changes.Additionally, October 26, 2019, China enacted an Encryption Law, which took effect on January 1, 2020. The new encryption law greatly impacts the regulatory landscape for foreign-made commercial encryption products and leaves unanswered questions surrounding "commercial encryption." For example, the import licensing and export control framework provides an exemption for "commercial encryption" used in "products for consumption by the general population." However, because the law does not sufficiently define either of these terms, businesses are left to speculate on how to apply the law. As a result, app developers will experience legal uncertainty, and App Association members will suffer due to their inability to maintain customers' trust regarding the security of their information. Furthermore, the lack of clear regulations will also prevent American businesses' ability to succeed in China's large consumer market.China's Cybersecurity Law imposes tough regulations, introduces serious uncertainties, and unreasonably prevents market access for American companies seeking to do business in China. This law is particularly difficult for App Association small business members seeking access to digital markets and consumers in China. The law includes onerous data localization requirements and uses overly vague language when outlining important provisions (such as when Chinese law enforcement bodies can access a business's data or servers or how frequently a business must perform demanding safety assessments). Legal certainty is vital to app developers' operations and their ability to maintain their customers' trust in the protection of their data. In addition to creating obligations that are often infeasible for our members, the Cybersecurity Law's vague language leaves businesses without clear guidelines about how the law will be applied and jeopardizes American businesses' potential to succeed in China's important market.The law requires Critical Information Infrastructure operators to predict the potential national security risks that are associated with their products and services. It includes restrictive review requirements and will most likely cause supply disruptions./12The App Association continues to advocate on behalf of innovative American app developers who actively, or look to, conduct business in China. We have opposed data localization requirements in written comments and have identified numerous areas where China's law uses overly prescriptive and technically and/or economically infeasible mandates to address public safety goals.The App Association acknowledges that the Chinese judicial system has made some positive steps that lend to increased certainty in IPR protection (e.g., the establishment of specialized IPR courts in Beijing, Guangzhou, and Shanghai; and the standing up of various IP tribunals). The National People's Congress (NPC) made changes to the China Patent Law,/13 which USTR should continue to monitor as the amendments take place on June 1, 2021. Additionally, recent agreements between the United States and Chinese government includes commitments to improve IPR enforcement in China./14However, across patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secrets, enforcement is often poor and usually unreliable. Due to the continued high amount of infringement originating from China, as well as numerous policies and laws that enable IPR infringement or are selectively enforced, we strongly recommend China remain on the Priority Watch List.B. IndiaIndia represents an immense opportunity for American small business tech and software development companies. However, App Association members continue to experience a wide range of IPR infringement and lack of legal redress, despite ongoing (incomplete) efforts across Indian ministries and courts that appear to lend themselves to a more consistent and reliable IPR regime in the country. Ongoing problems in this key market include but are not limited to:* A marked lack of copyright protections and enforcement;* A failure to provide consistent protection for trade secrets across India; and* Data storage and processing localization requirements imposed on small businesses that can require unfettered access to data (including IP), a non-starter for App Association members.Certain steps indicate the Indian government's willingness to adequately protect IPR. For example, the Indian government undertook efforts to further its commitment to formally establish a copyright royalty board and appoint a functional IP Appellate Property Board.Under the Finance Act of 2017, the informal Copyright Board merged with the Intellectual Property Appellate Board. As a result, applications for copyrights increased by 78 percent from 2016-2017, compared to 2015-2016./15As of May 20, 2016, the Indian government established additional commercial courts, advancing the 2015 Commercial Courts Act,/16 which the App Association perceives as further evidence of India's commitment to enhance its IPR procedures. Furthermore, India acceded to the WIPO Internet Treaties in July 2018 (namely the WIPO Copyright Treaty and WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty). The Indian government also appears committed to the IPR Task Force announced by the Maharashatra Government. As of January 24, 2018, Cell for IPR Promotion and Management (CIPAM) and Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FICCI) have made an IPR Enforcement Toolkit for Police, and there have been 26 programs dedicated to training police officers on IP enforcement. Despite this positive movement, App Association members experience weak and ineffective enforcement in India.Moreover, numerous hurdles to market access, either in place today or proposed, restrict market access for App Association members that reply on IPR, including but not limited to data localization requirements and in-country cybersecurity testing mandates. For example, on December 11, 2019, the Personal Data Protection Bill was introduced in India's parliament./17The bill includes rules for how personal data should be proposed and stored as well as lists the rights of people regarding their personal information. The bill proposes the creation of the Data Protection Authority (DPA), which would be a regulatory authority that carries out the new law. There are issues of note with India's Personal Data Protection Bill. First, the bill give's India's central government the power to exempt any agency from the bill's requirements on grounds related to national security, national sovereignty, and public order. Second, India's bill allows the government to order firms to share the nonpersonal data they collect. Third, India's bill restricts the transfer of sensitive personal data outside of India unless it meets certain requirements. The information can only be processed and cannot be stored outside of India. If passed, the Personal Data Protection Bill has the potential to create technical issues that raise small businesses' compliance costs. For the small business innovators the App Association represents, the imposition of this new law presents the possibility of damaging the use case for market entry.App Association members continue to experience IP infringement originating from India, and face challenges in enforcement through the Indian system. India has not yet implemented its obligations under the WIPO Copyright Treaty and WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty; furthermore, Indian patent law is inconsistent with the TRIPS Agreement. Another troubling development is the Indian government's proposal decriminalizes provisions in the Patent Act and the Copyright Act./18This proposal threatens copyright protections that aim to protect small businesses and innovators alike.Currently, Indian internet providers must attain government approval from the Telecom Regulation Authority of India (TRAI) to employ encryption stronger than 40-bit encryption. Laws like this provide fewer touchpoints for our members' apps to reach consumers.Furthermore, the Indian government proposed a National Encryption Policy that presented numerous proposals of significant concern to the App Association. This is an ongoing issue of serious concern to small business innovators.The App Association believes it is necessary that India remain on the Priority Watch list because the country still needs to create an adequate IPR system including increased participation in international IP treaties and implementing strong enforcement to provide needed certainty to our members seeking to enter the Indian market.C. IndonesiaWhile the Indonesian government has taken steps to improve IPR enforcement, Indonesia continues to present challenges with respect to IPR protections and enforcement mechanisms that translate into a barrier to entry for U.S. small business innovators in the Indonesian market. For example, its revision of Indonesian trademark law in November 2016 demonstrates a positive step forward to advance the rights of trademark holders through shorter examination times and better criteria for protected marks. In addition, Indonesia joined the Madrid Protocol in January 2018.However, there are still ongoing concerns with whether the recent provisions will be adequately enforced and there has been minimal progress in integrating USTR's suggested reforms in its 2018 review. For example, Indonesia has apparently not yet created a specialized IPR unit within its National Police to enforce against Indonesian criminal syndicates that create counterfeit and pirated marks and works. Indonesia's 2016 revisions to its Patent Law continue to raise concern. Indonesia's revised Patent Law included localization rules that require foreign patentees to transfer proprietary technologies to local companies, which, in effect, forces American companies with products in Indonesia to protect their rights. Certainty in enforcement is lacking, and continues to present challenges.Furthermore, numerous hurdles to market access, either in place today or proposed, restrict market access for App Association members that rely on IPR, including but not limited to various local presence requirements; data localization requirements for public sector data; and--of highest concern to the App Association--amendments to Indonesia's Harmonized Tariff Schedule to categorize "software and other digital products transmitted electronically," setting the stage for subjecting e-commerce to customs duties.We also continue to monitor Indonesia's new E-Commerce Regulation, issued in November 2019, that may impose restrictions on the flow of data across Indonesian borders and local presence requirements./19Based on the above, the App Association recommends Indonesia remain on USTR's Priority Watch List.D. RussiaThe Russian market continues to present a massive challenge to App Association members. Unfortunately, Russia has continued to foster an environment that permits extensive software piracy. The Russian government does not appear to be committed to making any systemic changes to protect IPR.Moreover, numerous hurdles to market access, either in place today or proposed, restrict market access for App Association members that rely on IPR. Russia has imposed data localization requirements through Federal Law No. 242-FZ; banned the use of virtual private networks (VPNs); and undermined encryption through mandates for the installation of sweeping and unfettered surveillance capabilities in internet service providers' networks. Even more recently, Russia has moved to adopt requirements for the pre-installation of Russian-developed software apps on consumer devices, presenting even greater concern for App Association members.The App Association therefore urges USTR to keep Russia on the Priority Watch List.E. ThailandThailand continues to facilitate an environment where counterfeit and pirated software markets thrive because of limited legal enforcement mechanisms and a lack of rule of law. The App Association is encouraged by reports of the Thai government's attempts to employ strong commitment to address this growing concern (e.g., the establishment of specialized IP courts), but our members continue to face challenges.The Thai government should also remain committed to addressing its extraordinary backlog of patent applications. In November 2017, the Thai government announced that it intended to provide more resources to combat this concern,/20 and we continue to seek evidence of a meaningful impact.The App Association therefore encourages USTR to keep Thailand on its Priority Watch List.A. VietnamVietnam continues to present challenges to App Association members with respect to IPR policies and enforcement, where inadequate frameworks and inconsistent enforcement undermine confidence. With respect to market access, Vietnam has enacted rules that impose data localization requirements and restrictions on encryption. Even more recently, Vietnam's new Cybersecurity Law, containing many of the same requirements as China's Cybersecurity Law discussed above, went into effect, further disincentivizing market entry.The App Association therefore encourages USTR to keep Vietnam on its Priority Watch List.III. ConclusionThe App Association appreciates the opportunity to submit these comments to USTR, and we commit to work with all stakeholders to address the above concerns to create a prosperous U.S. economy.Sincerely,Brian Scarpelli, Senior Global Policy CounselBelen Crisp, Policy CounselACT | The App Association1401 K St NW (Ste 501)Washington, DC 20005* * *Footnotes:1/ 85 Fed. Reg. 81263.2/ See http://actonline.org/about.3/ Forbes, The Mobile Economy Has a $17.5B Leak: App Piracy, February 2, 2018, https://www.forbes.com/sites/johnkoetsier/2018/02/02/app-publishers-lost-17-5b-to-piracy-in-the-last-5years-says-tapcore/#18a906f874134/ 19 U.S.C. Sec. 2242.5/ See id.6/ 19 U.S.C. Sec. 2411-2415.7/ While its functions (along with a number of further Chinese agencies) have since been consolidated under the State Administration for Market Regulation, the SAIC rules have not yet been replaced by SAMR.8/ See http://allthingsfrand.com (international resource and repository for information and developments involving SEPs, including completion law issues and actions).9/ See Principles for Standard Essential Patents, ABOUT ALLTHINGSFRAND.COM (last accessed January 28, 2021), at https://allthingsfrand.com/about/.10/ To illustrate the scope of this consensus, the App Association has developed a non-exhaustive list of developments from across key economies, which can be viewed in comments filed by the App Association before the Japan Patent Office. See pgs. 5-12 of http://actonline.org/wpcontent/uploads/ACT-Comments-re-JPO-SEP-Licensing-Guidelines-final-111017.pdf.11/ Yan Luo and Zhijing Yu, China Issued the Commercial Encryption Product Certification Catalogue and Certification, INSIDE PRIVACY, May 15, 2020, available at https://www.insideprivacy.com/datasecurity/china-issued-the-commercial-encryption-product-certification-catalogue-and-certification/.12/ Yan Luo and Zhijing Yu, China Issued the Commercial Encryption Product Certification Catalogue and Certification, INSIDE PRIVACY, May 15, 2020, https://www.insideprivacy.com/international/china/chinaissues-new-measures-on-cybersecurity-review-of-network-products-and-services/13/ Sofia Baruzzi, China's Patent Law Reviewed: Five Major Amendments, November 30, 2020, https://www.china-briefing.com/news/chinas-patent-law-reviewed-five-major-amendments/.14/ https://ustr.gov/about-us/policy-offices/press-office/press-releases/2019/december/united-states-and-china-reach15/ https://spicyip.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/IPR-Regime-In-India-Government-Initiatives.pdf.16/ https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Commercial-courts-begin-functioning-in-DelhiMumbai/articleshow/52488068.cms.17/ Anirudh Burman and Suyash Rai, What Is in India's Sweeping Personal Data Bill?, CARNEGIE INDIA, March 9, 2020, https://carnegieindia.org/2020/03/09/what-is-in-india-s-sweeping-personal-data-protection-bill-pub-80985.18/ Surojit Gupta, Govt Moves to Decriminalise Minor Offences to Woo Investors, June 12, 2020, https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/govt-moves-to-decriminalise-minor-offences-to-woo-investors/articleshow/76331374.cms.19/ Michael Carl & Asri Rahimi, Indonesia Introduces New Requirements for E-Commerce Companies, June 19, 2020, https://www.ssek.com/blog/indonesia-introduces-new-requirements-for-e-commerce-companies.20/ http://www.tilleke.com/resources/thailand-now-clearing-its-backlog-patent-applications.* * *The notice can be viewed at: https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=USTR-2020-0041-0001TARGETED NEWS SERVICE (founded 2004) features non-partisan 'edited journalism' news briefs and information for news organizations, public policy groups and individuals; as well as 'gathered' public policy information, including news releases, reports, speeches. For more information contact MYRON STRUCK, editor, editor@targetednews.com, Springfield, Virginia; 703/304-1897; https://targetednews.comC22-SUharpal-1503460Load-Date: February 2, 2021End of Document

Zoom spy calls for warning for multinationals in ChinaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 24, 2021 SundayCopyright 2021 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2021 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 759 wordsBodyGypsy, tailor, soldier... Zoom spy? The late and great David Cornwell,also known as John le Carré, did not write a novel about the defining geopolitical rivalry of the 21st century between the United States and China. But if he had, he could have modeled one of his inimitable protagonists in Jin Xinjiang, known as Julien Jin,a former Chinese-based executive from Zoom,california's videoconferencing company.Mr. Jin was the subject of a notable complaint filed last month by the U.S. Department of Justice, which is pursued for allegedly monitoring and disrupting certain Zoom users on behalf of Chinese police and state security officers.His story is gripping, showing the enormous pressures that the Chinese party state can put on U.S. multinational staff and the losses their employers may suffer in terms of stolen private information and reputational damage. Mr. Jin's predicament is also something many other multinational employees in China are likely to face, especially as the U.S. and Chinese governments are increasingly focused on each other's businesses.In recent weeks and months, President Donald Trump has imposed technological and financial sanctions on some of China's largest state-owned enterprises. In turn, the administration of President Xi Jinping has prepared legal measures that allow Chinese officials to respond in the same way.Beijing has yet to pull the trigger on any of these, hoping that Joe Biden's incoming administration will not further intensify tensions. But the new U.S. president is also unlikely to move quickly to relax any of Mr. Trump's recent actions.Mr. Jin joined Zoom's office in Hangzhou, capital of eastern Zhejiang Province, in 2016. Three years later, in September 2019, Zoom's online services weresuddenly blocked by China's large Internet firewall,as were those of Facebook, Google, Twitter and many American media companies that still are.As Zoom points out in response to the Justice Department's complaint against Mr. Jin: "At the time, we were a much smaller company that servedprimarily businesses. The closure [of China] caused a significant disruption for many of our multinational customers who could not communicate effectively with their employees and partners in China. They urged us to take immediate action to resume service."Mr. Jin was appointed as Zoom's liaison person to the Chinese government while the company attempted to restore its services to the world's second-largest economy.The price of Beijing was high. As far as Mr. Xi's administration was concerned, anyone who used Zoom's services to discuss sensitive issues, such as the 1989 TiananmenSquare massacre or the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong, was breaking Chinese law, regardless of where they were located.As Mr. Jin told his colleagues, according to the Justice Department's complaint, Chinese police wanted Zoom to "proactively report and give them an early warning" about discussions related to "hot illegal incidents." "They also want me to provide them with some detailed lists of our daily monitoring, such as demonstrations in Hong Kong. there were some things that weredifficult to determine whether they were legal or illegal, and would help determine them," he added.Mr. Jin, who has since been fired by Zoom and is believed to still be in China,could not be contacted for comment. Within two months, the company agreed on a secret "rectification plan" with the Chinese authorities. Its services in China were restored in November 2019.Mr. Jin remained Zoom's contact person for the Chinese authorities. As Tiananmen's 31st anniversary approached last year, he allegedly helped state security agents monitor and disrupt online commemorative events and discussions involving U.S.-based participants. When he was unable to access American servers as needed, he worked with colleagues there, Zoom says, to try to "evade certain internal access controls."Executives of other multinationals may be tempted to think that Zoom is anexceptionally vulnerable company,given the services it provides. After all, Boeing, ExxonMobil, Goldman Sachs and the like are not facilitating what Beijing considers delicate or illegal discussions about Chinese democratic movements.But that's the wrong way to look at it. Chinese security agents wanted to access Zoom's systems, in this case, to gather "evidence" and interrupt meetings. What could they want from other companies' systems? The answer is enough, and there's not much that gets in your way once they start putting pressure on China-based employees to provide it.Load-Date: January 25, 2021End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 25 of 309"Unreliable citizens": this is how technology is used to punish the population that is annoying or disaffected to the Government  Page 27 of 309US justice gives Xiaomi reason and suspends veto of investment in Chinese firm that approved Trump  Page 33 of 309Chinese community in Puerto Rico faces pandemic and xenophobia  Page 35 of 309China pressures brands to reject reports of Xinjiang abuses  Page 38 of 309China is still part of Microsoft's game plan despite the big hack  Page 41 of 309What the Fear of China Is Doing to American Science  Page 43 of 309CHINA EXTENDS, EXPANDS RESTRICTIONS IN TIBET FOLLOWING MARCH 10 UPRISING DAY'  Page 51 of 309MENENDEZ, RUBIO SEEK ANSWERS ABOUT AMAZON DEALINGS WITH CHINESE COMPANY REPORTEDLY COMPLICIT IN UYGHUR GENOCIDE  Page 53 of 309China ordered local media to censor Alibaba coverage - FT  Page 56 of 309China is ahead of the race for creating a national digital currency  Page 58 of 309Coalition for a Prosperous America, China Tech Threat Release White Paper on Semiconductors, Countering China's Threats  Page 61 of 309The U.S. Should Add a Little Humility to its China Policy | Opinion  Page 63 of 309China Restricts Tesla Use Over National Security, Data Collection Concerns: Report  Page 65 of 309Clubhouse leads Chinese company to $6 billion rise  Page 67 of 309Defending Uighurs or selling in China, the dilemma of the Western textile industry  Page 69 of 309The Oscars will not air in Hong Kong for Chinese censorship  Page 72 of 309On the Heels of President Biden's Inauguration, International Leaders Provide Roadmap for the Way Forward In China-US Relations  Page 75 of 309China Boycotts Nike Over Statement on Xinjiang Cotton Concerns  Page 77 of 309Trump widens US ban on Chinese apps as his term nears end  Page 92 of 309Congressional Research Service Report: 'Huawei & U.S. Law' (Part 1 of 2)  Page 95 of 309Why Jack Ma, China's richest man, disappeared for three months  Page 97 of 309Chinese hackers targeted Uyghurs living in US, Facebook security team finds  Page 100 of 309Our 'Front Line' With China Is the Mexico Border | Opinion  Page 102 of 309Tencent's profits are soaring. But investors are worried about a crackdown by China  Page 105 of 309Trump issues new ban on Alipay and other Chinese apps  Page 108 of 309Freedom House: New Report - Transnational Repression Is a Growing Threat to Global Democracy  Page 110 of 309S.A. Debates Ethics of University Partnership With Chinese Universities and ICE  Page 124 of 309Rep. James Comer (R-KY) is Interviewed about Investigation into Social Media; Big Tech Earnings Today; The China Threat; December Durable Goods Numbers; Millenn....  Page 126 of 309China denies coercive birth control measures in Xinjiang  Page 129 of 309British Foreign Secretary Issues Statement on Human Rights Situation in Xinjiang, China  Page 134 of 309China Education Market 2021 Global Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2026  Page 136 of 309LinkedIn suspends new sign-ups in China  Page 138 of 309China announces more sanctions against US and Canada  Page 140 of 309China: Why users burn and boycott Nike or H&M products  Page 142 of 309Facebook warned about cyberattack from China against Uighurs  Page 146 of 309Clubhouse targeted by censors in China after users discuss policy  Page 149 of 309For a brief period, there was a platform for sensitive political debate in China. Then censors shut it down  Page 151 of 309Chinese state media blast latest Pompeo move on Taiwan  Page 153 of 309Why one of China's richest men disappeared for three months  Page 156 of 309China boycotts are a warning to Western brands  Page 160 of 309Heartbreak and anger as China discourages travel for Lunar New Year  Page 162 of 309Blinken Meeting With Chinese Officials Begins With "Testy Exchange."  Page 166 of 309Musk and China live an affair... For now  Page 169 of 309Accused of abandoning two babies in the US, this Chinese celebrity has sparked a national debate about surrogacy  Page 171 of 309China announces more sanctions against US and Canada  Page 175 of 309Xi Jinping's crossroads: between the desire to control entrepreneurs and the risk of breaking the "Chinese model"  Page 177 of 309Encrypted messaging app Signal blocked in China  Page 179 of 309Nike and H&M, in the eye of the hurricane in China for worrying about Uighur rights  Page  of U.S. judge suspends ban on investing in Chinese company Xiaomi  Page 183 of 309China detains Tencent signing executive over corruption case  Page  of Bolsonaro says China released production of Coronavac  Page 186 of 309Brands that avoid using Xinjiang cotton should be respected  Page 189 of 30970 Harvard Organizations Demand Law School Graduate Brother's Release from Chinese Detention Camp  Page  of Elon Musk denies Tesla cars are used for espionage in China  Page 192 of 309Trump signs executive order banning transactions with eight Chinese apps  Page 195 of 309China pushes conspiracy theories on COVID origin, vaccines  Page  of China warns of retaliation for NYSE's delisting of companies  Page 198 of 309"Hard and direct" talks between US and China alert difficult relationship under Biden government  Page 201 of 309What a central bank's digital currencies are and how they work  Page 203 of 309China Cold Chain Logistics Industry Outlook to 2025 by Service, Temperature Type, Application and Company (with COVID-19 Impact Analysis)  Page 206 of 309CLUBHOUSE SECURITY ISSUES COULD POSE RISKS FOR CHINA-BASED USERS: REPORT  Page 208 of 309HOSPITAL RESEARCHER SENTENCED TO PRISON FOR CONSPIRING TO STEAL TRADE SECRETS, SELL THEM IN CHINA  Page 210 of 309China brings its pigs to the Stock Exchange  Page 213 of 309Thus 'distorts' China data on Pfizer and origin of covid-19  Page 215 of 309Biden backs off on TikTok ban in review of Trump China moves  Page 217 of 309H&M swings to loss, affirms commitment to China market  Page 219 of 309FCC Commissioner Starks Issues Statement on 3 Companies  Page 221 of 309Strengthening ties with Taiwan and countering China  Page 223 of 309US, China Spar in First Face-to-Face Meeting Under Biden  Page 226 of 309CHINA BLOCKS CLUBHOUSE APP AFTER USERS EMBRACE 'SENSITIVE' POLITICAL TOPICS  Page 230 of 309China Cold Chain Logistics Market Growth, Trends, and Forecasts Report 2021 - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page 232 of 309"GENOCIDE IN XINJIANG?"  Page 235 of 309PATEL: How The COVID-19 Censors Killed The Truth  Page 238 of 309CHINA: TIBETAN TOUR GUIDE DIES FROM PRISON INJURIES  Page 241 of 309China faces huge climate and tech challenges in its bid for global leadership  Page 243 of 309Diplomats denied access as Canadian Michael Kovrig goes on trial in China  Page 245 of 309US will not suspend tariffs against China in short term: USTR  Page 247 of 309Suu Kyi's case hearing postponed; Myanmar has new protests  Page 249 of 309China tightens fence over its tech giants to ensure its loyalty  Page 251 of 309Xi Jinping regime arrested an executive from Tencent, China's most valuable company  Page 253 of 309China forces Ant Group CEO's exit as it short-ties Alibaba and Tencent  Page 255 of 309China bans bbc international news channel broadcast in country  Page 258 of 309BATTLE LINES BEING DRAWN OVER ONLINE FREEDOMS IN ASIA  Page 260 of 309Chinese Shares End Lower; Perfect World Slumps 10% Despite Upbeat Market Data  Page  of China/UK R.- China summons UK ambassador for an article that calls it "inappropriate"  Page 263 of 309U.S. accuses China of mass persecution of ethnic minorities  Page 270 of 309Audiovisual Anti-Piracy Alliance Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative Notice  Page 272 of 309Coronavirus originated from an exotic animal farm in China, according to a WHO report  Page 275 of 309RUBIO, MENENDEZ SEEK ANSWERS ABOUT AMAZON DEALINGS WITH CHINESE COMPANY REPORTEDLY COMPLICIT IN UYGHUR GENOCIDE  Page 278 of 309Sens. Rubio, Menendez Seek Answers About Amazon Dealings With Chinese Company Reportedly Complicit in Uyghur Genocide  Page 280 of 309Microsoft Hack, Likely From China, Reportedly Hits 60,000 Users  Page 282 of 309Court dates set for two Canadians detained in China on espionage charges  Page 285 of 309As Ant Group, Jack Ma's company, will change because of pressure from the Chinese regime  Page  of Trump Orders Government Agencies to Minimize Procurement from China  Page 289 of 309US assesses Alibaba and Tencent's addition to China's ban on actions  Page 293 of 309As U.S., U.K. Converge on China, British Lawmaker Says 'Golden Era Is Over'  Page 295 of 309China to begin trial of Canadians arrested in 2018 and accused of espionage  Page 297 of 309China to begin trial of two Canadians for alleged espionage soon, state media reports  Page 307 of 309ACT | The App Association Issues Public Comment on U.S. Trade Representative Notice  Page 309 of 309Zoom spy calls for warning for multinationals in China  