Date and Time: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 12:39:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142523847Documents (30)1. WB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Notifies Investors of a Class Action Involving Weibo Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of August 28, 2017Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology2. WB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of Commencement of a Class Action Involving Weibo Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of August 28, 2017Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology3. WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 in Weibo Corporation to Contact the FirmClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology4. WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Weibo Corporation To Contact The FirmClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology5. WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Weibo Corporation To Contact The FirmClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology6. Global Wafer Inspection Equipment Market - Size, Projections, Drivers, Trends, Vendors, and Analysis Through 2021 by TechnavioClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology7. Stock Analysts' Upgrades for July, 18th (ACHN, ACXM, ARE, BECN, CENX, CSCO, CTTAY, DKS, DOV, DXCM)Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology8. Top Leadership of ViaSat, ResMed, Qualcomm, DLA Piper join EvoNexus Board of DirectorsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology9. Kiwa Bio-Tech 2017 First Quarter Sales Results Exceed ProjectionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology10. North Korea activity at nuclear site in progress, report saysClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology11. CHINA SHUTTERS DOZENS OF ENTERTAINMENT NEWS ACCOUNTS IN SOCIAL MEDIA CRACKDOWNClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology12. APeJ IT, Business Services Expected to Reach US$ 105 Billion in 2017, IDC ReportsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology13. Infiniti Research Analyzes the Market for Sustainable Packaging OpportunitiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology14. RUSSIA: VPN BAN IS A MAJOR BLOW TO INTERNET FREEDOMClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology15. Russia: VPN Ban Is Major Blow to Internet FreedomClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology16. Equities Research Analysts' Updated EPS Estimates for April, 10th (ABT, C, CAKE, CGX, DECK, ETFC, GASNF, GOOS, HAS, MEOH)Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology17. How Qualcomm Can Make Big Money From Cheap PhonesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology18. Fusion Splicer Market by Offering (Hardware (Sheath Clamps, Electrodes, Electric ARC, CO2 Laser, Cleaver and Stripper), and Software & Services), Alignment Type (Core, and Cladding Alignment), Application, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology19. More Wells Fargo clawbacks; blockchain hype temperedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology20. US Defense Official: North Korea May Be Preparing Another Missile Test LaunchClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology21. US Defense Official: North Korea May Be Preparing Another Missile Test LaunchClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology22. Asia Animation Industry Strategies, Trends and Opportunities Report 2017: Increasing Focus Towards Production of Local AnimationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology23. Missouri Journalism Scholars to Present More Than 75 Papers at International ConferenceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology24. Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago, Irv Leavitt columnClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology25. Committee of 100 Releases White Paper Analyzing Economic Espionage Act Cases;Findings Show Asians Accused of Spying Twice as Likely to be InnocentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology26. Global Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules IndustryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology27. WanXin & E-Link Partner for PC GamesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology28. Electric Car Technology and Forecasts 2017-2027Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology29. As Amazon, Microsoft and Google Keep Taking Cloud Share, Rivals Are Learning to SpecializeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology30. Bitcoin hits record $2,000 - and rising;Global demand has offset concerns about its use by hackersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Apr 01, 2017 to Jul 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Web-based Publications,Newspapers; Industry: Computing & Information Technology

WB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Notifies Investors of a Class Action Involving Weibo Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of August 28, 2017iCrowdNewswire (English)July 18, 2017 Tuesday 7:20 AM GMTCopyright 2017 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 536 wordsBody                   NEW YORK   The Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of investors who purchased Weibo Corporation ( Weibo ) (NASDAQ:WB) securities between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017. Click here to learn about the case: http://www.wongesq.com/pslra-sb/weibo-corporation?wire=3. There is no ... Continue reading WB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Notifies Investors of a Class Action Involving Weibo Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of August 28, 2017NEW YORK   The Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of investors who purchased Weibo Corporation ( Weibo ) (NASDAQ:WB) securities between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017.Click here to learn about the case: http://www.wongesq.com/pslra-sb/weibo-corporation?wire=3.There is no cost or obligation to you.According to the complaint, throughout the Class Period, the Company issued materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Weibo lacks a requisite internet audio/video program transmission license; and (2) Weibo was posting certain programs with content in violation of Chinese government regulations on its site. On June 22, 2017, Weibo announced receipt of a notice from The State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of the People's Republic of China (the  SAPPRFT ). The notice requests that local authorities  take measures to suspend several companies' video and audio services due to their lacking of an internet audio/video program transmission license and posting of certain commentary programs with content in violation of government regulations on their sites. If you suffered a loss in Weibo you have until August 28, 2017 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn't require that you serve as a lead plaintiff. To obtain additional information, contact Vincent Wong, Esq. either via email vw@wongesq.com, by telephone at 212.425.1140, or visit http://www.wongesq.com/pslra-sb/weibo-corporation?wire=3.Vincent Wong, Esq. is an experienced attorney that has represented investors in securities litigations involving financial fraud and violations of shareholder rights. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.CONTACT: Vincent Wong, Esq. 39 East Broadway Suite 304 New York, NY 10002 Tel. 212.425.1140 Fax. 866.699.3880 E-Mail: vw@wongesq.comSummary:The Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of investors who purchased Weibo Corporation ("Weibo") (NASDAQ:WB) securities between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017.See Campaign:http://www.wongesq.com/pslra-sb/weibo-corporation?wire=3Contact Information:Vincent Wong, Esq. 39 East Broadway Suite 304 New York, NY 10002 Tel. 212.425.1140 Fax. 866.699.3880 E-Mail: vw@wongesq.comTags:,            Wire,            Legal Newswire,            United States,            EnglishLoad-Date: July 18, 2017End of Document

WB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of Commencement of a Class Action Involving Weibo Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of August 28, 2017Business WireJuly 11, 2017 Tuesday 2:50 PM GMTCopyright 2017 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business Editors; Legal EditorsLength: 364 wordsDateline: NEW YORK BodyThe Law Offices of Vincent Wong announce that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of investors who purchased Weibo Corporation ("Weibo") (NASDAQ:WB) securities between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017.Click here to learn about the case: http://www.wongesq.com/pslra-sb/weibo-corporation . There is no cost or obligation to you.According to the complaint, throughout the Class Period, the Company issued materially false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Weibo lacks a requisite internet audio/video program transmission license; and (2) Weibo was posting certain programs with content in violation of Chinese government regulations on its site. On June 22, 2017, Weibo announced receipt of a notice from The State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of the People's Republic of China (the "SAPPRFT"). The notice requests that local authorities "take measures to suspend several companies' video and audio services due to their lacking of an internet audio/video program transmission license and posting of certain commentary programs with content in violation of government regulations on their sites."If you suffered a loss in Weibo you have until August 28, 2017 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn't require that you serve as a lead plaintiff. To obtain additional information, contact Vincent Wong, Esq. either via email vw@wongesq.com, by telephone at 212.425.1140, or visit http://www.wongesq.com/pslra-sb/weibo-corporation .Vincent Wong, Esq. is an experienced attorney that has represented investors in securities litigations involving financial fraud and violations of shareholder rights. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.CONTACT:Vincent Wong, Esq.39 East BroadwaySuite 304New York, NY 10002Tel. 212.425.1140Fax. 866.699.3880E-Mail: vw@wongesq.comView source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170711006075/en/CONTACT: Law Offices of Vincent WongVincent Wong, Esq.212.425.1140vw@wongesq.comhttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: July 12, 2017End of Document

WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 in Weibo Corporation to Contact the FirmBusiness WireJune 27, 2017 Tuesday 7:55 PM GMTCopyright 2017 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business Editors; Legal EditorsLength: 529 wordsDateline: NEW YORK BodyFaruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in Weibo Corporation ("Weibo" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:WB) of the August 28, 2017 deadline to seek the role of lead plaintiff in a federal securities class action that has been filed against the Company.If you invested in Weibo stock or options between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017 and would like to discuss your legal rights, click here: www.faruqilaw.com/WB . There is no cost or obligation to you.You can also contact us by calling Richard Gonnello toll free at 877-247-4292 or at 212-983-9330 or by sending an e-mail to rgonnello@faruqilaw.comThe lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey on behalf of all those who purchased Weibo securities between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017 (the "Class Period"). The case, Goldsmith v. Weibo Corporation., No. 2:17-cv-04728 was filed on June 27, 2017.The lawsuit focuses on whether the Company and its executives violated federal securities laws. Throughout the Class Period Weibo made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Weibo lacks a requisite internet audio/video program transmission license; (2) Weibo was posting certain commentary programs with content in violation of Chinese government regulations on its site; and (3) as a result, Weibo's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.Specifically, On June 22, The Wall Street Journal published an article stating that the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of the People's Republic of China ordered Weibo to stop streaming political videos that were not in line with government regulations.After the announcement, Weibo's share price fell from $76.96 per share on June 21, 2017 to a closing price of $72.25 on June 22, 2017-a $4.71 or a 6.52% drop.The court-appointed lead plaintiff is the investor with the largest financial interest in the relief sought by the class who is adequate and typical of class members who directs and oversees the litigation on behalf of the putative class. Any member of the putative class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision to serve as a lead plaintiff or not.Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP also encourages anyone with information regarding Weibo's conduct to contact the firm, including whistleblowers, former employees, shareholders and others.Attorney Advertising. The law firm responsible for this advertisement is Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP ( www.faruqilaw.com ). Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter. We welcome the opportunity to discuss your particular case. All communications will be treated in a confidential manner.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170627006435/en/CONTACT: FARUQI & FARUQI, LLP685 Third Avenue, 26th FloorNew York, NY 10017Attn: Richard Gonnello, Esq.rgonnello@faruqilaw.comTelephone: (877) 247-4292 or (212) 983-9330http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: June 28, 2017End of Document

WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Weibo Corporation To Contact The FirmGlobeNewswireJuly 7, 2017 Friday 12:39 PM PTCopyright 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: CLASS ACTION; LAW & LEGAL ISSUESLength: 522 wordsBodyNEW YORK, July  07, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in Weibo Corporation ("Weibo" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:WB) of the August 28, 2017 deadline to seek the role of lead plaintiff in a federal securities class action that has been filed against the Company.If you invested in Weibo stock or options between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017 and would like to discuss your legal rights, click here: www.faruqilaw.com/WB. There is no cost or obligation to you.You can also contact us by calling Richard Gonnello toll free at 877-247-92 or at 212-983-9330 or by sending an e-mail torgonnello@faruqilaw.comThe lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey on behalf of all those who purchased Weibo securities between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017 (the "Class Period"). The case, Goldsmith v. Weibo Corporation., No. 2:17-cv-04728 was filed on June 27, 2017.The lawsuit focuses on whether the Company and its executives violated federal securities laws. Throughout the Class Period Weibo made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Weibo lacks a requisite internet audio/video program transmission license; (2) Weibo was posting certain commentary programs with content in violation of Chinese government regulations on its site; and (3) as a result, Weibo's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.Specifically, on June 22, The Wall Street Journal published an article stating that the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of the People's Republic of China ordered Weibo to stop streaming political videos that were not in line with government regulations.After the announcement, Weibo's share price fell from $76.96 per share on June 21, 2017 to a closing price of $72.25 on June 22, 2017 a $4.71 or a 6.52% drop.The court-appointed lead plaintiff is the investor with the largest financial interest in the relief sought by the class who is adequate and typical of class members who directs and oversees the litigation on behalf of the putative class. Any member of the putative class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision to serve as a lead plaintiff or not.Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP also encourages anyone with information regarding Weibo's conduct to contact the firm, including whistleblowers, former employees, shareholders and others.Attorney Advertising. The law firm responsible for this advertisement is Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP (www.faruqilaw.com). Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter. We welcome the opportunity to discuss your particular case. All communications will be treated in a confidential manner.CONTACT: FARUQI & FARUQI, LLP 685 Third Avenue, 26th Floor New York, NY 10017 Attn: Richard Gonnello, Esq. rgonnello@faruqilaw.com Telephone: (877) 247-92 or (212) 983-9330Load-Date: July 8, 2017End of Document

WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Weibo Corporation To Contact The FirmPR NewswireJuly 24, 2017 Monday 2:03 PM ESTCopyright 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 558 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, July 24, 2017 BodyFaruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in Weibo Corporation ("Weibo" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: WB) of the August 28, 2017 deadline to seek the role of lead plaintiff in a federal securities class action that has been filed against the Company.If you invested in Weibo stock or options between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017and would like to discuss your legal rights,click here:http://www.faruqilaw.com/WB.There is no cost or obligation to you.You can also contact us by callingRichard Gonnellotoll free at877-247-4292or at212-983-9330or by sending an e-mail torgonnello@faruqilaw.com  CONTACT:FARUQI & FARUQI, LLP685 Third Avenue, 26th FloorNew York, NY 10017Attn:  Richard Gonnello, Esq.rgonnello@faruqilaw.comTelephone: (877) 247-4292 or (212) 983-9330The lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey on behalf of all those who purchased Weibo securities between April 27, 2017 and June 22, 2017 (the "Class Period").  The case,Goldsmith v. Weibo Corporation.,No. 2:17-cv-04728 was filed on June 27, 2017.The lawsuit focuses on whether the Company and its executives violated federal securities laws. Throughout the Class Period Weibo made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Weibo lacks a requisite internet audio/video program transmission license; (2) Weibo was posting certain commentary programs with content in violation of Chinese government regulations on its site; and (3) as a result, Weibo's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times.Specifically, On June 22,The Wall Street Journalpublished an article stating that the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television of the People's Republic of China ordered Weibo to stop streaming political videos that were not in line with government regulations.After the announcement, Weibo's share price fell from $76.96 per share on June 21, 2017 to a closing price of $72.25 on June 22, 2017-a $4.71 or a 6.52% drop.The court-appointed lead plaintiff is the investor with the largest financial interest in the relief sought by the class who is adequate and typical of class members who directs and oversees the litigation on behalf of the putative class. Any member of the putative class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision to serve as a lead plaintiff or not. Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP also encourages anyone with information regarding Weibo's conduct to contact the firm, including whistleblowers, former employees, shareholders and others.Attorney Advertising. The law firm responsible for this advertisement is Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP (http://www.faruqilaw.com). Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter. We welcome the opportunity to discuss your particular case. All communications will be treated in a confidential manner.View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/weibo-lead-plaintiff-deadline-alert-faruqi--faruqi-llp-encourages-investors-who-suffered-losses-exceeding-50000-in-weibo-corporation-to-contact-the-firm-300492946.htmlSOURCE Faruqi & Faruqi, LLPLoad-Date: July 25, 2017End of Document

Global Wafer Inspection Equipment Market - Size, Projections, Drivers, Trends, Vendors, and Analysis Through 2021 by TechnavioBusiness WireMay 30, 2017 Tuesday 10:13 PM GMTCopyright 2017 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business EditorsLength: 865 wordsDateline: LONDON BodyThe global wafer inspection equipment market is projected to grow to USD 4.63 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of more than 12% over the forecast period, according to Technavio's latest report.This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170530006406/en/Technavio has published a new report on the global wafer inspection equipment market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business wire)In this report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the global wafer inspection equipment market for 2017-2021. Based on the wafer type, the market is divided into patterned wafer and unpatterned wafer segments.Semiconductor wafer inspection equipment is part of semiconductor capital equipment. These systems are essential in the semiconductor manufacturing process as they help maintain the performance of semiconductor ICs. The rising demand for high-precision miniaturized components is a key factor boosting the adoption of wafer inspection equipment.Technavio's research study segments the global wafer inspection market into the following regions:• APAC• Americas• EMEAWafer inspection equipment market in APAC"APAC dominates the wafer inspection equipment market, due to the extensive demand for semiconductor components from countries such as South Korea, Japan, China, and Taiwan," says Chetan Mohan, a lead analyst at Technavio for semiconductor equipment research.Currently, the Chinese government is taking its large IC needs into consideration and concentrating on introducing policy changes to boost the domestic manufacturing of semiconductor devices. With the increase in domestic production of ICs, there will be an increase in the requirement for wafer inspection equipment.This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasingBuy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free.Wafer inspection equipment market in the AmericasThe dominance of global semiconductor giants such as Intel, Texas Instruments, GLOBALFOUNDRIES, and Qualcomm in the Americas is the primary reason for the growth of the wafer inspection equipment market in the region. Also, the significant presence of flat panel display manufacturers in the region, along with the high adoption rate of communication devices such as smartphones and phablets, will drive the production of semiconductor devices. These factors are expected to majorly contribute to the growth of the semiconductor market and thereby create demand for wafer inspection equipment.Wafer inspection equipment market in EMEA"EMEA occupies a small portion of the wafer inspection equipment market. The region is expected to grow moderately over the forecast period," says Chetan.The market share of EMEA in the market is expected to decline during the forecast period due to the migration of semiconductor manufacturers to APAC, especially China and Taiwan. Also, the low concentration of electronic device manufacturers in the region reduces the need for semiconductor devices, consequently affecting the demand for semiconductor manufacturing equipment.The top vendors in the global wafer inspection market highlighted in the report are:• Applied Materials• Hermes Microvision• KLA-Tencor• Lasertec CorporationBrowse Related Reports:• Global Semiconductor Silicon Wafer Market 2017-2021• Global Semiconductor Assembly Equipment Market 2017-2021• Global Photomask Market 2017-2021Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they're published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like            computing devices ,            displays , and            embedded systems . This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio's constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently.About TechnavioTechnavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies.Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users.If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.comView source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170530006406/en/CONTACT: Technavio ResearchJesse MaidaMedia & Marketing ExecutiveUS: +1 630-333-9501UK: +44 208 123 1770www.technavio.comhttp://www.businesswire.comGraphic Technavio has published a new report on the global wafer inspection equipment market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business wire)Load-Date: May 31, 2017End of Document

Stock Analysts' Upgrades for July, 18th (ACHN, ACXM, ARE, BECN, CENX, CSCO, CTTAY, DKS, DOV, DXCM)American Banking and Market NewsJuly 18, 2017 TuesdayCopyright 2017 American Banking and Market News All Rights ReservedLength: 5067 wordsBodyStock Analysts' upgrades for Tuesday, July 18th: Achillion Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ACHN) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Achillion has no approved product in its portfolio and focuses on developing small molecule therapeutics to treat infectious and complement-mediated diseases. The complement-mediated space is highly crowded as biotech companies are working on bringing these treatments to market. However this area has potential for commercial opportunity. Meanwhile, Achillion s deal with J&J for its HCV portfolio provides the company with a strong and experienced partner and will also bring in funds. The HCV market also represents huge commercial potential.However, Merck is also developing similar therapy for HCV genotype infections. Also, we remain concerned about the early-stage nature of the complement Factor D pipeline and dependence on collaboration for funds. Estimates have remained mostly stable lately ahead of the Q2 results. The company has a mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters." Acxiom Corporation (NASDAQ:ACXM) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Acxiom has emerged as a formidable player in the field of marketing services and technology over the years. With continued solid contributions from LiveRamp, the company is striving to improve the functionality of its products across all channels and devices. The newly launched IdentityLink is an important product addition, which improves company&#39;s growth prospects. However, the company operates in a competitive landscape that is becoming more complex with low barriers to entry. Moreover, weakness in the marketing services segment remains a concern. Notably, the stock has underperformed the Zacks categorized IT Services market on a year-to-date basis. Meanwhile, estimates have been stable lately ahead of the company&#39;s Q1 earnings release. The company has mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters." Alexandria Real Estate Equities (NYSE:ARE) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating.            Zacks Investment Research  currently has $136.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Shares of Alexandria outperformed the Zacks-categorized REIT and Equity Trust   Other industry over the past six months. Its estimates for funds from operations (FFO) per share have remained stable lately, ahead of the company s second-quarter earnings release. The company enjoys high occupancy, which is driven by high demand for its Class A properties in premium locations. Also, robust cash flow and solid balance sheet are its strengths. Further in July, the company announced the creation of the Alexandria Center for AgTech   RTP. It is the initial phase of a premier multi-tenant mega campus in the Research Triangle Park, NC. Moreover, during the first quarter, S&P Dow Jones Indices included Alexandria in the S&P 500 Index. However, rise in rate of interest and foreign currency fluctuations remain its risks." Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Beacon Roofing Supply expects revenues to grow in the range of 6 9% year over year in fiscal 2017 and adjusted earnings per share to be around $2.34. The company will continue to focus on revenue growth, both organically and through acquisitions while improving margins and operating expense leverage in fiscal 2017. Further, it will benefit from roofing and re-roofing demand. However, the timing of these replacement decisions can vary due to economic factors and weather conditions. The company s performance will be hurt by seasonality in business and low asphalt shingle demand. Beacon Roofing has underperformed the Zacks sub-industry s growth in the past one year." Century Aluminum (NASDAQ:CENX) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $20.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Estimates for Century Aluminum have been going up of late. The company has outperformed the Zacks categorized Metal Procurement & Fabrication industry over a year. Century Aluminum is implementing a number of actions to reduce costs and preserve cash amid a weak operating environment. It should also gain from strong aluminum demand across automotive and aerospace markets in its key regions, North America and China, as well as acquisitions. Moreover, the company has low debt and short-term obligations which will help it remain strong in an adverse environment." Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Cisco Systems is the leading provider of IP-based networking and other products. Nevertheless, intensifying competition from several smaller players, slowing order growth from service providers and challenges in the emerging markets are the primary headwinds. We note, the company has underperformed the S&P 500 index on a year-to-date basis. Revenues are expected to decline due to lower order growth in the reported quarter, which affected backlog. Nonetheless, we believe Cisco s expanding footprint in the rapidly growing security and data center market are promising. Estimates have been stable ahead of the company&#39;s Q4 earnings release. The company has positive record of earnings surprises in the recent quarters. Moreover, partnerships with the likes of Pure Storage, salesforce.com and IBM will help Cisco to gain signficant traction in the data center, cloud and Internet of Things (IoT) market in the long haul." Continental AG (OTCMKTS:CTTAY) was upgraded by analysts at Natixis from a neutral rating to a buy rating.  Dick's Sporting Goods (NYSE:DKS) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "DICK S Sporting has underperformed the Zacks Categorized industry in the last three months. This could be largely due to the soft performance in first-quarter fiscal 2017. However, the company is persistently gaining from the consolidation in the sporting goods space, and opportunities arising from the liquidation of rival firms. Further, a robust e-commerce performance, continued market share gains and its latest merchandising strategy bode well. Also, the potential liquidation of Gander Mountain should boost DICK S Sporting s market share, though it may hurt third-quarter sales. Given this short-term hurdle and the current trends, management tweaked its fiscal 2017 sales view, while retaining its earnings outlook. Macroeconomic hurdles also remain a concern. Second quarter estimate has stable lately ahead of the earnings release. Further the company has a positive record of earnings surprises in recent quarters." Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. They currently have $95.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, "Dover expects its earnings per share for full-year 2017 will be in the range of $4.05 $4.20 and revenue growth to be in the range of 11 13%. Within Energy segment, Dover expects that stronger-than-expected U.S. rig count deployment, along with increasing well completion activity will result in higher full-year revenue growth. It anticipates that the Printing & Identification platform will continue to deliver consistent solid performance. Further, the company expects food equipment to have a solid year. The recent acquisition of Caldera will extend its position in digital textile printing. Moreover, Dover is poised to benefit from strategic acquisitions, robust hygienic and pharma markets, strong bookings activity and recovery in the North American rig count." DexCom (NASDAQ:DXCM) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "In the past one year, DexCom has underperformed the broader industry in terms of price. Furthermore, a disappointing estimate revision trend indicates looming concerns ahead. DexCom reported narrower-than-expected loss in the first quarter. We believe the company s margins will continue to be under pressure in the coming quarters owing to high product development costs and rising expenditures on research & development. Specifically, the company is expected to have lower margins on transmitter sales (in spite of the cost reduction initiatives). Additionally, cutthroat competition in the market for blood glucose monitoring devices is a major headwind. On the positive side, the glucose monitoring market represents significant commercial opportunity for DexCom. The company has also signed collaborative agreements with several companies, which should not only bring in cash but also help expand its product portfolio." Epizyme (NASDAQ:EPZM) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $16.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Epizyme&#39;s efforts on developing its lead candidate, tazemetostat, for a number of hematological malignancies and genetically defined solid tumors are impressive. Additionally, its attempts to evaluate tazemetostat in combination with anti-PD 1 or PDL-1 agent are also encouraging. We believe, the  company s collaboration agreement with Celgene for small-molecule HMT inhibitors including pinometostat is a big positive. Epizyme s share price has also outperformed the Zacks classified Medical/Biomedical Genetics industry year to date. However, with no approved product in its portfolio, Epizyme is highly dependent on its collaboration partners for top-line growth. Loss estimates have narrowed mostly stable lately ahead of the Q2 results. Epizyme has a positive record of earnings surprises in the recent quarters." Equity Residential (NYSE:EQR) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating.            Zacks Investment Research  currently has $74.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Shares of Equity Residential outperformed the Zacks categorized REIT and Equity Trust   Residential industry over the past three months. Moreover, estimates have been stable lately ahead of the company s second quarter earnings release. Moving ahead, Equity Residential is expected to benefit from its efforts to reposition its portfolio in high barrier-to-entry/core markets, favorable demographics, lifestyle transformation and creation of new households. The company s current focus is on the acquisition and development of assets primarily in six core coastal metropolitan areas   Boston, New York, Washington D.C., Southern California (including Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego), San Francisco and Seattle.  Also, there is solid rental demand through the nation s coastal gateway cities. But amid high apartment supply, new lease rates is likely to remain under pressure." Essex Property Trust (NYSE:ESS) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating.            Zacks Investment Research  currently has $289.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Shares of Essex Property outperformed the Zacks categorized REIT and Equity Trust   Residential industry over the past three months. Additionally, funds from operations (FFO) per share estimates for second-quarter and full-year 2017 moved north over the past 30 days. With a strong property base and solid balance sheet, Essex is likely to leverage on favorable demographic trends in its markets. The company s substantial exposure to the West Coast market, which is home to several innovation and technology companies, offers ample scope to boost its top line over the long term. Moreover, it has a 23-year history of increasing cash dividend. However, there have been consistent apartment deliveries in its markets. This could adversely affect the pricing power of the company in the near term." Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (NYSE:EW) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $130.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, "Over the last three months, Edwards Lifesciences has outperformed the Zacks categorized Medical - Instruments industry. We believe several recent FDA approvals received by the company including its SAPIEN 3 THV for valve-in-valve procedures and INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve have been boosting the investors  confidence over the stock. Also, Edwards Lifesciences  long-term growth strategy buoys optimism. The company s focus on bulding its pipeline to strengthen its foothold across all its operating businesses is also encouraging. However, higher operating expenses continue to be a woe. The stock s valuation also remains stretched on huge investments in the launch and promotion of products. Stiff competition, currency headwind and reimbursement issues are other challenges." GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $47.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Glaxo should continue to see strong performances by all of its business segments   Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. We are positive on Glaxo s efforts to develop its pipeline as well. Performance of new products as well as of those acquired from Novartis has been encouraging. However, persistent challenges like stiff competition, genericization and pricing pressure along with slowing growth in emerging markets have been affecting the company s performance. In particular, pricing dynamics and competitive pressure are hurting sales of its top-selling drug Advair. Meanwhile, Advair is expected to face generic competition in the U.S. soon which will further hurt sales. However, estimates have risen ahead of Glaxo s Q2 earnings release. The company also recorded a string of positive earnings surprises in recent quarters." Hancock Holding (NASDAQ:HBHC) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. They currently have $56.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Hancock s shares outpaced the Zacks categorized Southeast Banks industry in the last one year. Estimates have been going down ahead of the company s second-quarter 2017 earnings release. The company has positive record of earnings surprises in recent quarters. The company s strategic initiatives on the back of several investments are expected to accelerate revenue generation, going forward. Moreover, the company s acquisition of the First NBC Bank branches is expected to be accretive to earnings. However, continued pressure on net interest margin and exposure to risky loan portfolios are major near term concerns for the company." Immune Design Corp (NASDAQ:IMDZ) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. They currently have $11.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, "Immune Design s primary candidates, CMB305 is being evaluated for soft tissue sarcoma and G100 for Merkel cell carcinoma , follicular non-Hodgkin Lymphoma and sarcoma. The company expects to provide data this year on both the lead product candidate from both monotherapy and combination studies to support their potential registration paths towards commercialization. We are positive on its strategic agreements with companies like Sanofi, Roche, and Merck, which not only validate its GLAAS platform, but also provide the company with funds in the form of collaboration and license revenues. The company s shares have outperformed the Medical-Drugs industry year to date. Loss estimates have remained mostly stable lately ahead of the Q2 results. The company has a mixed record of earnings surprises in the recent quarters." ITT (NYSE:ITT) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $46.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "ITT Inc. has a robust earnings surprise history, having beaten estimates thrice in the trailing four quarters. The company s focus on business streamlining, cost controls and efficiency continues to prove beneficial to its financial performance. ITT Inc. s diversified operations across key end markets adds to its strength. The company s bottom line is expected to benefit from improved operating efficiency and successful cost containment actions. Further, ITT Inc. s shares have outperformed the Zacks categorized Diversified Operations industry average over the past year. ITT Inc. has achieved operational excellence through its Lean Six Sigma program, restructuring initiatives and global sourcing efforts. However, softness in industrial, oil & gas markets and aerospace and defense business is expected to affect client spending adversely, thus restricting the company s growth to a great extent." Jack In The Box (NASDAQ:JACK) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Jack in the Box makes regular menu innovations and plans to continue focusing on improving guest experience at both brands via operational excellence. It has a mostly positive record of earnings surprises in recent quarters. The premium and value offerings at Jack in the Box along with focus on breakfast menu to combat competition bode well. Yet, comps at Qdoba have been suffering due to poor restaurant level execution. A soft industry backdrop and higher costs remain concerns too. Notably, Jack in the Box s shares have underperformed the Zacks categorized Retail-Restaurants industry year-to-date. Estimates too have moved slightly down ahead of its fiscal third quarter earnings release. Nonetheless, expansion of third-party delivery channels at both brands should increase transactions. Efforts to reinvigorate Qdoba along with management s plan of even considering alternatives to the brand bode well too." J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Holding (NYSE:JCP) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a buy rating. They currently have $5.75 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "J. C. Penney shares, which have underperformed the industry in the past six months, recently took a sharp U turn after the company informed that the sales performance has improved in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. Moreover, the company whose top line has missed the estimate in the trailing five quarters announced that it expects to post substantial improvement in sales in the second quarter in comparison with the first quarter. Further, in an effort to lure more customers and ramp up sales, management has introduced new loyalty program. These along with remodeling, renovation and refurbishment of stores with special attention on enhancing the reach of national and especially private-label brands looks promising. J. C. Penney is also gradually increasing the count of Sephora stores. However, the impact of challenging retail landscape, high debt level, stiff competition from online retailers, and waning store traffic concerns linger." The Middleby Corporation (NASDAQ:MIDD) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $142.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "On a month-to-date basis, Middleby s shares have outperformed the Zacks categorized Machinery-General Industrial industry. The company s earnings and revenues in first-quarter 2017 improved 29.9% and 2.7%, respectively on a year over-year basis. Sturdy demand from chain restaurant customers is anticipated to strengthen the company s Commercial Foodservice Equipment business in the quarters ahead. Also, Middleby is poised to grow on the back of greater operational efficacy, diligent acquisitions and strategic restructuring moves. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the stock moved north for both 2017 and 2018." Maxwell Technologies (NASDAQ:MXWL) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Maxwell leads the growing ultracapacitor market and benefits from increasing demand for its utility infrastructure, renewable energy, public transportation and space programs. It has also completed its restructuring initiatives, which called for focus on high-growth opportunities, the sale of non-core assets, consolidation of U.S. manufacturing units and a reduction in operating costs by lowering headcount. However, Maxwell&#39;s share price has underperformed the Zacks categorized Electronics-Miscellaneous Components industry price over the last one year due to uncertainty associated with the China bus market as well as short-term changes in the Chinese government&#39;s deployment strategy for wind turbines, which is affecting Maxwell s wind market revenues. Again, the company s dependence on a limited number of customers and vertical markets remains a major challenge." Oasis Petroleum (NYSE:OAS) was upgraded by analysts at William Blair from a hold rating to a buy rating.  Paylocity Holding Corporation (NASDAQ:PCTY) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating.            Zacks Investment Research  currently has $53.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, "Paylocity offers cloud-based payroll and HCM software solutions to medium-sized organizations. Estimates have been stable lately ahead of the company s Q4 earnings release. The company has positive record of earnings surprises in recent quarters. We remain positive about Paylocity s regular investments in SaaS technology. For the last few quarters, clients moving from traditional payroll service providers to the company s SaaS-based services contributed significantly to its revenues. Hence, regular investments in technological upgrades, along with product innovation, will continue to boost the company s top line. Such initiatives should also drive its forthcoming results. Also, higher adoption of Paylocity s ACA dashboard application, specializing in tracking employee count, employee status and health care plan affordability, will act as a tailwind. Paylocity has outperformed the broader market in the last one year." Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (NYSE:PNW) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Pinnacle West Capital is well positioned to reap the benefits of ongoing economic improvement in its service territories. Better economic prospects, increase in the customer count and higher customer spending are expected to drive earnings. The company is also expanding its renewable generation portfolio. Shares of Pinnacle West have outperformed Zacks categorized Utility-Electric Power industry in the last six months. However, the company is subject to comprehensive regulations by federal, state and local regulatory agencies. In addition, its operations are subject to fluctuations in commodity price, as well as operational risks and hazards. Cost of complying with new regulations could increase cost of operations while failure to meet the same might impact its business plans." Restoration Hardware Holdings (NYSE:RH) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "RH s shares widely outperformed the Zacks categorized Retail-Home Furnishings industry year to date. The company s efforts to redesign its supply chain network, rationalize product offerings and the Waterworks acquisition are expected to boost growth. Initiatives like RH Modern, RH Teen, RH Hospitality, the redesign of RH Interiors Source Book, the rollout of Design Ateliers across the company s retail Galleries are expected to contribute to growth in 2017 and beyond. Though RH s plans to rationalize product offering, reduce inventories and boost free cash flow will drive revenues and cash flow, it is expected to dent earnings in 2017. Also, higher dependence on imports makes it vulnerable to uncertain macro conditions." Rexnord Corporation (NYSE:RXN) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Year to date, shares of Rexnord Corporation have outperformed the Zacks categorized Machinery Electrical industry. We believe that the company has the potential to expand its businesses by leveraging the accelerated demand from non-residential construction markets in the U.S. and from the global food and beverage end markets. For fiscal 2018, the company anticipates benefiting from innovation of new products, cost-control measures and strengthening consumer driven end markets. Also, it is on track to complete its supply-chain optimization and footprint-repositioning programs in first-quarter fiscal 2018, realizing annualized cost-savings of $30 million. However, the company is exposed to industry rivalry, forex woes and uncertain economic conditions. In the last 60 days, the stock s earnings estimates decreased for 2017 while remained stable for 2018." SolarEdge Technologies (NASDAQ:SEDG) was upgraded by analysts at CIBC from a market perform rating to an outperform rating.  TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $79.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "TJX Companies has undertaken various initiatives to boost sales. The company has an aggressive store opening strategy and has reported positive comps growth in the last 32 quarters, driven by higher traffic. The company s fresh stock and widespread sourcing machinery has helped it maintain a loyal customer base. Also, its aggressive marketing and advertising campaigns through multiple mediums have been driving store traffic. Meanwhile, it remains on track to boost online sales, along with the intent to add more categories to the online shopping site. Moreover, the company takes shareholder friendly-moves through dividends and share buybacks. Although TJX Companies  shares have declined in the last three months due to higher payroll and pension related costs, which are pressurizing margins; its performance has been in line with the industry. Estimates have been largely stable ahead of its second-quarter fiscal 2018 earnings release." Textron (NYSE:TXT) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating.            Zacks Investment Research  currently has $55.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Textron s geographically diverse network of businesses negates any specific business risk. Its systematic inorganic growth strategy, along with its focus on strengthening international presence, will improve its growth trajectory. Textron s latest acquisition of Arctic Cat has boosted its position in the power-sports segment as well as utility vehicle market, courtesy of Arctic Cat s established dealer network. Going forward, management expects Arctic Cat to contribute $400-$500 million of sales for the company in 2017. In terms of new product offerings, the company began delivering on its new ELiTE series lithium golf cars recently. However, Textron s Bell continues to be a drag on the company s overall top-line performance." CVR Partners, (NYSE:UAN) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a strong sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Earnings estimates for CVR Partners for the second quarter have been stable of late. CVR Partners remains committed to ramp up its UAN production capacity. The company should also benefit from the Rentech Nitrogen acquisition and healthy demand for nitrogen fertilizers in 2017. However, CVR Partners has underperformed the Zacks categorized Fertilizers industry over the last six months. The company remains exposed to headwinds from weak nitrogen fertilizer prices. Abundant nitrogen supply driven by new production capacity is expected weigh on global prices this year. The company also faces intense price competition." Williams Partners (NYSE:WPZ) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a hold rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $46.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, "Williams Partners  natural gas infrastructure assets comprise the fastest growing pipeline networks that carry the highest volumes of natural gas in the U.S. from the best supply basins in North America. We appreciate the partnership s intention of allocating capital budget toward the expansion of the Transco pipeline system that will provide stable fee-based revenues. In Apr 2017, Williams Partners announced plans to divest its Geismar Olefins plant for almost $2.1 billion. The proceeds will likely get utilized for funding growth projects and also for clearing debt. Also, the divestment of the Olefins plant reflects the partnership s strategy of shifting focus primarily toward the stable fee-based natural gas transportation business." W.R. Berkley Corporation (NYSE:WRB) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research  from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "W.R. Berkley has been investing in a number of startups since 2006 as well as establishing new units, which enables it to take advantage of an improved market scenario. Formation of operating units in North and Southeast Asia is in tandem with the strategy. Also, the divestment of wholly owned investment is expected to enhance long term shareholder s value. Its international business has potential for long-term earnings growth. Reserving discipline and strong capital position are other positives. However, exposures to highly competitive insurance market along with low interest rate scenario and cat losses are dampeners. Also, shares of W.R. Berkley underperformed the Zacks categorized Property and Casualty industry, year to date. It is set to release its second quarter results on Jul 25. A Zacks Rank #3 increases the predictive power of a beat, but combined with the Earnings ESP of -5.41%, makes prediction difficult."  Load-Date: July 19, 2017End of Document

Top Leadership of ViaSat, ResMed, Qualcomm, DLA Piper join EvoNexus Board of DirectorsPR NewswireJuly 6, 2017 Thursday 5:30 PM ESTCopyright 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 526 wordsDateline: SAN DIEGO, July 6, 2017 BodyRichard Baldridge, President & COO, ViaSat (NASDAQ: VSAT)was elected Chairman of theBoard of Directors of EvoNexus.Mr. Baldridge leads corporate strategy and operations for ViaSat, a global provider of satellite broadband and wireless services, infrastructure, and technology. During his tenure, ViaSat has grown organically and through acquisitions by more than a factor of 10, to a multi-billion dollar enterprise. Rob Douglas, President & COO, ResMed (NYSE: RMD)was elected Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of EvoNexus. ResMed is a global medical device company in the treatment of Sleep Disorder Breathing. Mr. Douglas, a leader in the life science industry, has over 25 years experience in operations and marketing for high-tech medical device and e-commerce solution sector leaders.Derek Aberle, President of Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) was elected to the EvoNexus Board of Directors. As president of Qualcomm, Mr. Aberle as a member of Qualcomm's executive committee since 2008, helped drive Qualcomm's overall global strategy and in recent years has been instrumental to evolving and expanding Qualcomm's business in China, including leading negotiations with the Chinese Government and establishing important new business ventures in China.DLA Piperhas also taken a board seat at EvoNexus with the election ofsenior partner, Larry Nishnick.Larry's recent representation of public and private companies includes Qualcomm, ViaSat, Provide Commerce, Jack-in-the-Box, Cross-Fit, NuVasive Life Technologies, Cypher Genomics, Halozyme Therapeutics, and a vast number of private emerging growth technology companies."EvoNexus is fortunate to have this leadership and the finest Board of Directors of any incubator in the entire country. Their financial and strategic support of the ventures launched and their dedication to the mission of EvoNexus is impacting the growth of the innovation economy," saidEvoNexus CEO and co-founder, Rory Moore. "The integration of new technologies into markets is accelerated when established corporations partner with startup communities."EvoNexus is a non-profit technology incubator with locations in San Diego and Irvine. Under its model, EvoNexus startups receive mentorship, access to capital, and full services without giving up equity or paying fees. Its startups enjoy Class A office and lab space provided by California's leading real estate developer, The Irvine Company. EvoNexus is supported by corporations, including some of the largest multinational corporations in the world. In just over 7 years, EvoNexus portfolio companies have raised over $1.19 billion in funding and outcomes and 18 startups have been acquired.For more information, visitAcquisitions:https://evonexus.org/startup-success-stories/ Partnering:           https://evonexus.org/join/sponsorship-partnership/ Investing:           https://evonexus.org/evonexus/companies/ Applying:           https://evonexus.org/apply/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/top-leadership-of-viasat-resmed-qualcomm-dla-piper-join-evonexus-board-of-directors-300484414.htmlSOURCE EvoNexusCONTACT: Beth Henneberg, bhenneberg@evonexus.org, (619) 889-7792Load-Date: July 7, 2017End of Document

Kiwa Bio-Tech 2017 First Quarter Sales Results Exceed ProjectionsMarketwiredApril 6, 2017 Thursday 5:00 AM GMTCopyright 2017 Marketwire, L.P. All Rights ReservedLength: 710 wordsDateline: CLAREMONT, CA; Apr 06, 2017Body Kiwa Bio-Tech Products Group Corporation (OTCQB: KWBT) ("Kiwa" or the "Company"), a Company which produces eco-friendly bio-based fertilizers promoting soil health, is pleased to announce that its operating results for the first Quarter of 2017 exceeded its expectations. During the quarter ended March 31, 2017, Kiwa sold 16,820 tons of fertilizer products.Company sales included 15,300 tons of bio-organic fertilizer and 1,520 tons of compound microbial special fertilizer. These results were 12% higher than the company's first quarter internal projections.Mr. Xiaoqiang Yu, director of marketing, stated, "In the first quarter, the company focused on the vegetable and fruit production markets of cultivation bases. Since the Chinese government has put great emphasis on promoting safe planting of agricultural products, we expect our sales performance to follow a similar pattern in the next three quarters of 2017."By combining Kiwa's original strain technology with ETS technology, Kiwa has developed a line of compound microbial fertilizer products, which can alleviate hard soil, and reduce crop heavy metal residues during the planting of vegetables, tea and other crops.Mr. Yonglin Song, Kiwa Bio-Tech director, stated that "Kiwa will continue to use the opportunity of cooperating with ETS to develop a series of products for soil remediation, and to increase the variety of products Kiwa offers in the market in future quarters."About Kiwa Bio-Tech Products Group Corporation Kiwa Bio-Tech Products Group Corporation develops, manufactures, distributes, and markets innovative, cost-effective and environmentally safe bio-technological products for agricultural and environmental conservation. The Company's products are designed to enhance the quality of human life by increasing the value, quality and productivity of crops and decreasing the negative environmental impact of chemicals and other wastes.Kiwa is dedicated to eco-agricultural development and environmental control by developing, producing, and selling bio-technological products with high technology, low-cost, and high productivity to satisfy the growing market demand. Kiwa's development is creating a standardized and ecologically safe agricultural industry chain platform. The Company's development effort is based in China, and has gradually expanded to the international market. Kiwa uses new bio-technological skills at its core, with organic, ecologically sound, and "green" practices as its theme. The Company strives for customer satisfaction and continued development. Kiwa is dedicated to making safe food, further developing eco-agriculture and upholding a responsibility of contributing to China's agricultural safety, food safety, and a healthy lifestyle.For more information on Kiwa and its products, please refer to the Company's website at www.kiwabiotech.com or the Company filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, available for free at            www.sec.gov This press release contains information that constitutes forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any such forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results described by the forward-looking statements. Risk factors that could contribute to such differences include those matters more fully disclosed in the Company's reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking information provided herein represents the Company's estimates as of the date of the press release, and subsequent events and developments may cause the Company's estimates to change. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation to update the forward-looking information in the future. Therefore, this forward-looking information should not be relied upon as representing the Company's estimates of its future financial performance as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.  CONTACT:  Kiwa Bio-Tech Products Group Corporation Yvonne Wangyvonne@kiwabiotech.com SOURCE: Kiwa Bio-Tech Products Group Corporation CONTACT:  Kiwa Bio-Tech Products Group Corporation Yvonne Wangyvonne@kiwabiotech.comLoad-Date: April 7, 2017End of Document

North Korea activity at nuclear site in progress, report saysUPIApril 13, 2017 Thursday 9:30 AM ESTCopyright 2017 U.P.I. All Rights ReservedLength: 259 wordsByline: ELIZABETH SHIMDateline: Dec. 31 Body may be preparing for its next nuclear test at its site in Punggye-ri.Commercial satellite images taken Wednesday indicate ongoing activity around the North Portal, new activity in a main area and the presence of personnel at Punggye-ri's command center, according to 38 North, a  University website dedicated to North Korea issues.A "small vehicle or trailer" can be seen immediately outside the entrance of the North Portal, with another trailer on the road south of the portal, wrote Joseph S. Bermudez Jr. and Jack Liu.The activity could mean North Korea plans to conduct its sixth nuclear test in the near future.Such action, however, could mean more pressure from the United States and China, and even the possibility of a military response at a time when U.S. President  has stated "all options" are on the table in response to North Korea provocations.In Seoul, the possibility of a nuclear test is being largely dismissed, according to Yonhap."There has been no unusual activity so far," said Roh Jae-chun, a spokesman for the country's joint chiefs of staff.China has becoming increasingly vocal about North Korea's missile and nuclear threats, and state media editorials have begun to address Pyongyang directly with regards to a possible solution.Beijing's state tabloid Global Times urged North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program in return for a security guarantee from the Chinese government.The article published Thursday pledged support for the  regime, and for North Korea's stability, if the country agrees to denuclearization.Load-Date: April 14, 2017End of Document

CHINA SHUTTERS DOZENS OF ENTERTAINMENT NEWS ACCOUNTS IN SOCIAL MEDIA CRACKDOWNStates News ServiceJune 8, 2017 ThursdayCopyright 2017 States News ServiceLength: 768 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:China's powerful Cyberspace Agency has shuttered around 60 social media accounts on major platforms amid a crackdown on celebrity news and gossip.The agency said the move came amid a crackdown on independent media accounts purveying celebrity photos and gossip sparked by the new cybersecurity law, which came into effect on June 1 , and contains a clause stipulating that online content mustn't breach privacy.Internet platforms Weibo, Tencent, NetEase and Baidu were warned that they must step up censorship of user accounts offering celebrity gossip, the Beijing office of the Cyberspace Administration of China said via its social media account."Websites must ... adopt effective measures to keep in check the problems of the embellishment of private sex scandals of celebrities, the hyping of ostentatious celebrity spending and entertainment, and catering to the poor taste of the public," the agency said.They must also "actively propagate core socialist values, and continue to create a more healthy environment for mainstream public opinion", it said.Companies have been told to collect and record data on any site or account that breaks the cyber security laws and report it to authorities.A former manager in a social media company who asked to remain anonymous said the ruling Chinese Communist Party under President Xi Jinping is tightening control over what is said online, in the name of strengthening public morality."This is just one of a slew of measures aimed at controlling online public opinion," the source said. "The party often wages campaigns against this or that, with the aim of bringing everything in line with the point of view of the government.""But it's only this recent administration that has really gotten to grips with enforcing it. They want to unify everyone's thinking; that's the basis of this," he said, adding that such campaigns are always orchestrated from "higher up" in government, not initiated by Chinese internet service providers.He drew a parallel with the political and moral denunciations of the Mao-era Cultural Revolution (1966-1976)."I'm not sure the Cultural Revolution was ever really over," he said.U.S.-based author Luo Siling agreed, saying the campaigns put her in mind of the same period in China's history."I think Xi Jinping is taking Mao Zedong as a role model, because he also has a habit of attacking the cultural and artistic community, perhaps because he things that such things aren't serious subjects," Luo said."I think the aim is to establish a sort of unified taste for the entire population, so that all that will be available will be a limited selection of new Revolutionary Model Operas," she said.She said she didn't believe the government would succeed, however."I don't think you can control that kind of thing, because people in the world of entertainment don't care about politics," she said. "If they won't even allow entertainment, then what are people supposed to do with themselves?""It's pretty terrifying to imagine a country with no entertainment whatsoever."Calls to the Cyberspace Administration rang unanswered during office hours on Wednesday , while an official at the Beijing branch of the agency declined to comment.China's draconian new cybersecurity law, which came into effect last Thursday , aims to "monitor, defend and handle cybersecurity risks and threats originating from within the country or overseas sources."But while the official media have focused on its provisions for cyberattacks and leaking of personal data, associated regulations also aim to end the role played by social media in keeping people informed about events in their own country.Under the new law, websites, forums, blogs and social media platforms including messaging apps are required to apply for an internet news providers' license before they are allowed to transmit or post any news not already produced by tightly controlled state media.Tweets about breaking news from the scene of an event would fall into that category, so service providers would be obliged to delete them regardless of their content under the new blanket ban.Only state-owned enterprises are now allowed to run online news and editorial services, under related regulations.The new rules apply to "news reports about public affairs such as politics, economy, military and diplomacy, as well as comments and reports on emergencies, and news services include publishing, forwarding and broadcasting news."Reported by Wong Siu-san for RFA's Cantonese Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: June 9, 2017End of Document

APeJ IT, Business Services Expected to Reach US$ 105 Billion in 2017, IDC ReportsTargeted News ServiceJune 15, 2017 Thursday 12:44 AM  ESTCopyright 2017 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 551 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: SINGAPORE BodyInternational Data Corp., a provider of market intelligence and advisory services, issued the following news release:According to the latest forecast from the IDC APeJ Semiannual Services Tracker , IT Services spending across the Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APeJ) region is expected to exceed US$95 billion by 2021. Overall APeJ Services spending, which includes IT and Business services, is anticipated to reach almost US$140 billion in 2021, from an estimated US$105 billion in 2017.View table here: http://www.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerId=prAP42803017"Digital transformation initiatives continues to be a major trend influencing the market over the past year. There has been an increasing demand for digital technologies such as analytics, cloud, and IoT. In growth countries, such as Malaysia, the Philippines and Vietnam, the growing adoption of disruptive technologies have driven the growth of professional services, particularly IT consulting and systems integration services. Although the size of some of the deals was still relatively small, IDC noted that more organizations are setting aside budgets for 3rd Platform technologies, and that IT services and business processes have begun to transform from a labor-centric model into a technology-centric model of service delivery," said Aubrey Lim, Senior Market Analyst, Services, IDC Asia/Pacific.Vendors such as IBM and Accenture are some of the leading vendors in the cloud, analytics, mobility and security (CAMS) services space tracked by IDC, whose strength are backed up by their robust digital capabilities. They have also continued to bolster their capabilities in the digital space through acquisitions of digital agencies. Meanwhile in 2017, DXC Technology - the merged entity of CSC and HPE's Enterprise division - will be a strong contender, banking on the expertise from both of its predecessors, expansive global partner network and strong technology offerings.China and Australia, the two largest markets in APeJ which accounts for half of the region's Services market size, have also seen similar developments. The Chinese government has been actively promoting the development of the high-tech industry, and continues to implement its Internet+ strategy and encourage the construction of new smart cities. This is expected to drive the growth of the IT services market and other areas such as analytics and cloud. Meanwhile, traditional outsourcing managed services are being substituted for cloud services at an accelerating pace in Australia. Enterprises now prefer to bundle cloud services with traditional capabilities as part of a single outsourced managed services engagement.Cloud-related services spending in the APeJ region is expected to reach more than $10 billion by the end of 2017, with a CAGR growth of 18.2% for the 2017-2021 period.For inquiries on this tracker research, please contact Aubrey Lim alim@idc.com or your IDC account manager. For media inquiries, please contact Tessa Rago trago@idc.com or Alvin Afuang aafuang@idc.comDocument provided to Targeted News Service as a news release through an RSS feed.Contact: Aubrey Lim, +603 7663 2171, alim@idc.com; Theresa Rago, +65 91593053,trago@idc.com; Alvin Afuang, +63917 7974586, aafuang@idc.comCopyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-5894775 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: June 16, 2017End of Document

Infiniti Research Analyzes the Market for Sustainable Packaging OpportunitiesBusiness WireJune 8, 2017 Thursday 7:13 PM GMTCopyright 2017 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business EditorsLength: 689 wordsDateline: LONDON BodyE-retail is on the rise, with an increasing number of consumers ordering products online globally. This has the side effect, however, of creating large volumes of waste. Most products purchased over the internet need to be shipped to the consumer, which requires boxes, envelopes, tape, glue, and cushioning materials.This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170608006246/en/Infiniti Research offers a variety of packaging market intelligence solutions (Graphic: Business Wire)Infiniti Research notes that it is therefore becoming important to find ways of reducing this waste, especially in countries where online shopping is particularly popular. Additionally, Infiniti Research has identified that trends like Modified Atmospheric Packaging (MAP) and active packaging are gaining momentum as they help in maintaining optimum air content and temperature thereby reducing supply chain wastage.Read more: https://www.infinitiresearch.com/thoughts/smart-green-digital-packagingMarket DevelopmentsChina has begun to push for green packaging and better recycling practices , and the State Post Bureau has launched a campaign to promote this in six universities across the country. The Bureau reports that in 2016, 31.3 billion packages were delivered. While this generated billions of dollars in revenue, it also created a massive amount of waste: less than 10% of packaging materials from deliveries are recycled.The Chinese government has therefore created policies to encourage sustainability in the delivery industry, aiming to eliminate toxic materials in packaging and establish a complete package recycling system by 2020. These policies are currently not mandatory, and as green packaging is generally more expensive, it may be challenging to bring delivery companies on board. However, some organizations are already working to make changes. For example, the logistics branch of Alibaba Group has created a non-profit organization to promote environmentally-friendly delivery practices. These changes are opening up new opportunities for the packaging industry.Looking for additional packaging market research and insights? Request a free proposalHow can Infiniti Research Help You?As more countries introduce initiatives to reduce waste, demand and incentives for products such as environmentally friendly packaging will increase, opening up markets to new entrants. Market intelligence is invaluable when identifying and assessing a market, as it can help determine the level of risk involved, as well as current competition, suppliers, customer preferences, and much more.Packaging isn't the only industry finding new opportunities in green initiatives. Energy efficiency is becoming increasingly important, driving companies to replace existing lighting solutions and seek out more sustainable ones. In light of this, a global company focused primarily on consumer electronics and lighting approached Infiniti for a market opportunity assessment of the lighting needs of Energy Service Companies (ESCOs) . The study helped the client understand the target market and develop targeted value propositions that effectively improved the success and profitability of the ESCOs.Request a brochure and see how you can benefit from Infiniti's services.About Infiniti ResearchEstablished in 2003, Infiniti Research is a leading market intelligence company providing smart solutions to address your business challenges. Infiniti Research studies markets in more than 100 countries to help analyze competitive activity, see beyond market disruptions, and develop intelligent business strategies.With 13 years of experience and offices across three continents, Infiniti Research has been instrumental in providing a complete range of competitive intelligence, strategy, and research services for over 550 companies across the globe.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170608006246/en/CONTACT: Infiniti ResearchJesse MaidaMedia & Marketing ExecutiveUS: +1 630 333 9501UK: +44 208 123 1770www.infinitiresearch.com Contact Ushttp://www.businesswire.comGraphic Infiniti Research offers a variety of packaging market intelligence solutions (Graphic: Business Wire)Load-Date: June 9, 2017End of Document

RUSSIA: VPN BAN IS A MAJOR BLOW TO INTERNET FREEDOMStates News ServiceJuly 31, 2017 MondayCopyright 2017 States News ServiceLength: 217 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: NEW YORK, NY BodyThe following information was released by Amnesty International USA:A new law signed by Russian President Vladimir Putin banning anonymizers and virtual private networks (VPNs) is a major blow to internet freedom in Russia, Amnesty International said today."With the Russian authorities increasingly intolerant of dissent, technologies that help internet users evade censorship and protect their privacy are crucial for freedom of expression online. Today the authorities have given themselves an instrument to ban the use of VPNs and other technologies that help people to freely access information online," said Denis Krivosheev, Deputy Director for Europe and Central Asia at Amnesty International."This is the latest blow in an assault on online freedom which has seen critical sites blocked and social media users prosecuted solely for what they post online, under vaguely written anti-extremism legislation. The ban on VPNs takes this shameful campaign a whole step further."To understand how the ban will work, it is enough to look at China, where Apple has just made a deplorable decision to remove most major VPN apps from the local version of its App Store. In doing so it has aided the online censorship efforts of the Chinese government and jeopardized the rights of countless internet users."Load-Date: August 2, 2017End of Document

Russia: VPN Ban Is Major Blow to Internet FreedomTargeted News ServiceJuly 31, 2017 Monday 11:10 PM  ESTCopyright 2017 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 310 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: LONDON BodyAmnesty International issued the following news release:A new law signed by Russian President Vladimir Putin banning anonymizers and virtual private networks (VPNs) is a major blow to internet freedom in Russia, Amnesty International said today."With the Russian authorities increasingly intolerant of dissent, technologies that help internet users evade censorship and protect their privacy are crucial for freedom of expression online. Today the authorities have given themselves an instrument to ban the use of VPNs and other technologies that help people to freely access information online," said Denis Krivosheev, Deputy Director for Europe and Central Asia at Amnesty International."This is the latest blow in an assault on online freedom which has seen critical sites blocked and social media users prosecuted solely for what they post online, under vaguely written anti-extremism legislation. The ban on VPNs takes this shameful campaign a whole step further.""To understand how the ban will work, it is enough to look at China, where Apple has just made a deplorable decision to remove most major VPN apps from the local version of its App Store. In doing so it has aided the online censorship efforts of the Chinese government and jeopardized the rights of countless internet users."BackgroundThe law signed by President Putin late on Sunday 30 July bans technology which allows internet users to access online content prohibited in Russia, including VPNs and anonymizers. The same law gives Russia's communications regulatory body, Roskomnadzor, additional censorship powers. After the law comes into force in November 2017, Roskomnadzor will be able to restrict access to anonymizing services. The law also creates an official register of online resources to which access is restricted in Russia.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-5945566 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: August 1, 2017End of Document

Equities Research Analysts' Updated EPS Estimates for April, 10th (ABT, C, CAKE, CGX, DECK, ETFC, GASNF, GOOS, HAS, MEOH)American Banking and Market NewsApril 10, 2017 MondayCopyright 2017 American Banking and Market News All Rights ReservedLength: 1506 wordsBodyEquities Research Analysts' updated eps estimates for Monday, April 10th: Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating. According to Zacks, "Ahead of its first quarter report, we are optimistic about Abbott s strong and consistent EPD and Medical Devices performances. We are also looking forward to the colossal St. Jude Medical buyout which is expected to complement its cardiovascular devices business. Again, to focus on cardiovascular devices and diagnostics, Abbott inked a deal to divest its vision care business, Medical Optics, to J&J. Abbott s initiative to realign the EPD segment was a step in the right direction given the challenging market conditions. On the flip side, Abbott s shares are underperforming the broader industry over the past month on litigation qualm related to its former takeover target Alere. Almost a year after the $5.8 billion deal was inked, Abbott has filed a suit to terminate the purchase of Alere. We are also concerned about the dull Nutrition business performance, especially in China and Venezuela." Citigroup (NYSE:C) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Citigroup s shares underperformed the Zacks categorized Major Regional Banks industry over the past six months. Recently, Citigroup inked two deals to exit servicing operations by the end of 2018, in a bid to increase focus on mortgage originations through the U.S. retail footprint. The deals are expected to negatively impact first-quarter 2017 pre-tax results by about $400 million. We believe that the company s restructuring and streamlining efforts, strategic investments in core business and expense management, should support profitability, going forward. However, several issues keep us apprehensive. These include a stringent regulatory landscape across the industry and litigation burden. Notably, following recent Fed interest rate hike, Citigroup increased prime lending rate to 4.00%." Cheesecake Factory (NASDAQ:CAKE) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating. According to Zacks, "Cheesecake Factory s company s profits have been under pressure owing to a rise in rates of wages. Moreover, as the company strives to expand its presence worldwide, pre-opening costs of outlets along with expenses related to sales initiatives will continue to hurt margins. While the company has a positive record earnings surprises in the last 4 quarters, estimates have been going down ahead of its Q1 earnings release. Nonetheless, various initiatives to boost sales and traffic volume like menu innovation, roll-out of an improved server training program, launch of mobile payment app and increased focus on delivery service bode well. Further, the company s aggressive expansion initiatives also bode well and should drive growth. However, continued sluggish performance by Grand Lux Café raises concern. Also, soft consumer spending in the U.S. restaurant space is a major headwind." Cineplex (TSE:CGX) had its outperform rating reaffirmed by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.. Raymond James Financial, Inc. currently has a C$58.00 price target on the stock.  Deckers Outdoor Corp (NYSE:DECK) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Deckers has been hit hard in the recent months and has also underperformed the industry. The stock further came under pressure following its disappointing third-quarter fiscal 2017 results. After witnessing six straight quarters of earnings beat, Deckers succumbed to a negative earnings surprise in the quarter under review. Top line also struggled and fell short of the estimate for the second quarter in row. The dismal performance compelled management to provide bleak sales and earnings outlook. Analysts pointed that tough retail landscape, soft start to holiday season, and sluggish sale of UGG boots and shoes hurt the company&#39;s results. Nevertheless, Deckers is focused on expanding its brand assortments, bringing more innovative line of products, targeting consumers via marketing and sturdy eCommerce, optimizing omni-channel distribution and containing costs. Of late estimates have been stable ahead of the fourth quarter earnings release." E*TRADE Financial Corp (NASDAQ:ETFC) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating. According to Zacks, "E*TRADE s shares underperformed the Zacks categorized Investment Brokers industry in the last six months. The restrictions on use of credit facility restrict the company from raising cheaper debt. Further, intense competition with other renowned companies remains a near-term concern. However, E*TRADE s several restructuring measures and balance-sheet growth plans keep us encouraged. Though, the Daily Average Revenue Trades have improved in the first two months of 2017, reflecting higher revenues, the presence of a stringent regulatory environment remains a headwind for the company." GAS NATURAL SDG EUR1 (OTC:GASNF) was downgraded by analysts at Berenberg Bank to a buy - hold rating.  Canada Goose Holdings (TSE:GOOS) had its outperform rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They currently have a C$28.00 target price on the stock.  Canada Goose Holdings (TSE:GOOS) had its buy rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. The firm currently has a C$27.00 target price on the stock.  Canada Goose Holdings (TSE:GOOS) had its hold rating reissued by analysts at TD Securities. TD Securities currently has a C$23.00 price target on the stock.  Canada Goose Holdings (TSE:GOOS) had its outperform rating reiterated by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co.  Hasbro (NASDAQ:HAS) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a buy rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, "Hasbro shares have outpaced the Zacks classified Toys/Games/Hobby Products industry over the past six months. The company s earnings and revenues have topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the trailing-eight quarters. Consistent efforts to establish its global presence through strategic partnerships and rapid growth in emerging markets has been driving the top- and bottom line performance, which is expected to continue. Moreover, new product launches, various initiatives to boost sales along with a supreme gaming portfolio bode well. Estimates have been stable ahead of Hasbro s Q1 earnings release. However, increased competition from alternative modes of entertainment might limit top-line growth, while high costs along with macroeconomic and currency headwinds may keep profits under pressure." Methanex (NASDAQ:MEOH) (TSE:MX) had its outperform rating reissued by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.. They currently have a $80.00 target price on the stock.  Painted Pony Petroleum (TSE:PPY) was downgraded by analysts at Scotiabank from an outperform rating to a sector perform rating. Scotiabank currently has C$7.25 price target on the stock, down from their previous price target of C$10.00.  SemGroup Corp (NYSE:SEMG) had its buy rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. Royal Bank of Canada currently has a $42.00 price target on the stock.  Sunoco (NYSE:SUN) had its neutral rating reissued by analysts at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group currently has a $28.00 price target on the stock, up from their previous price target of $27.00.  T-Mobile US (NASDAQ:TMUS) had its neutral rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. The firm currently has a $68.00 target price on the stock.  Western Copper and Gold Corp (TSE:WRN) (NYSE:WRN) had its buy rating reiterated by analysts at Rodman & Renshaw. They currently have a C$2.00 target price on the stock.  Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a strong sell rating to a buy rating. Zacks Investment Research currently has $131.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, "Wynn Resorts  shares have outpaced the Zacks classified Gaming industry in the past six months. The company s strong brand recognition and improved non-gaming revenues bode well. Further, its properties in Las Vegas should continue to cash in on the favorable trends of improving employment rate and positive tourism numbers in the region. However, revenues at Wynn Macau have been mostly declining over the past few quarters due to the Chinese government s anti-graft corruption drive. Despite the improving gaming trends in Macau, it will take some time for the region to return to its former glory as concerns related to the sustainability of revenues from the VIP market linger. Meanwhile, Wynn Palace is poised to witness increased visits from tourists and leisure gamblers over the long term. Estimates have been stable ahead of its Q1 earnings release and the company has mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters."  Load-Date: June 20, 2017End of Document

How Qualcomm Can Make Big Money From Cheap PhonesThe Daily Cardinal: University of Wisconsin - MadisonApril 1, 2017 SaturdayUniversity WireCopyright 2017 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 932 wordsBody"asset-content" data-asset-uuid="37dfa657-a255-568d-8fda-c884c1b64297">Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) has been ceding ground toMediaTek in the smartphone processor space, and could run into more trouble as China tries to create an indigenous smartphone chip industry with a $100 billion investment. Xiaomi is now going to make its own smartphone chips -- with help from the Chinese government -- creating more trouble for the American chipmaker, since it is one of its customers.These challenges have forced Qualcomm to go low in the smartphone value chain, serving cheaper phones, to defend its market share, so its latest move to target the lowest end of the market doesn't seem surprising.Image source: Getty Images.Feature phones are going to be bigFeature-phone sales are going to explode in the coming years and Qualcomm doesn't want to miss the gravy train. Counterpoint Research estimates that a massive 400 million feature phones were sold in 2016, driven by strong demand from Southeast Asia and Africa, where LTE adoption is gaining pace.The research firm also forecasts that 60 million 4G-enabled feature phones will be sold this year, with half the sales coming from India. These 4G-powered budget devices could drive the bulk of sales in the Indian market, where an estimated 135 million feature phones were sold last year. What's more, 4G feature-phone sales in India could hit 200 million over the next five years, creating a $6 billion sales opportunity.Africa, meanwhile, is another fertile market for such devices; feature-phone sales there jumped 14% last year, outpacing the 6% growth in total handset sales, according to Counterpoint. Feature phones sell for less than $20 on average, making them attractive in developing economies with low per-capita incomes, since a smartphone is quite expensive at $256 on average.Qualcomm, therefore, has made a smart move by launching a chip platform to target the lowest end of the market, while striking partnerships with key manufacturers to grab a larger slice of the pie.Qualcomm's playQualcomm's recently launched 205 Mobile Platform is going to bring LTE and other capabilities to sub-$50 phones. Phone manufacturers can now give customers access to 4G-enabled services such as voice over LTE, voice over Wi-Fi, and digital payments, all usually found in more expensive devices.Image source: Qualcomm.In fact, Qualcomm's platform can provide a richer feature-phone experience: It supports 4G, 3G, and 2G network bands, while also providing a fast dual-core processor, high-definition video streaming, location services, and a graphics processing unit. More importantly, Qualcomm has brought out this chip just in time, as manufacturers are now realizing the importance of feature phones to grow their sales.For example,Nokia (NYSE: NOK) resurrected the iconic 3310 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona this year, generating a lot of buzz. The Finnish company was initially said to be engaging in fan service with this device, but it has serious plans. The company will launch the 3310 in 120 markets during the second quarter as it tries to capture the booming demand for feature phones.However, Nokia might have to resort to Qualcomm's 205 chip platform to bring 4G to its potential customers. This is important for the Finnish company, given the decommissioning of 2G networks in certain markets. Not surprisingly, rumors suggesting that Nokia could make a 4G feature phone based on Qualcomm's platform are gaining legs of late.Qualcomm has made a good marketing move by selecting New Delhi to launch its feature-phone platform, since India has the potential to become one of its biggest markets. The chipmaker has struck partnerships with Indian phone companies such as Micromax and Reliance Jio that could be key to its success in this market.Micromax is India's third-largest smartphone seller in terms of revenue, and is reportedly prepping a sub-$50 Android smartphone with 4G capability, along with a $30 4G feature phone. Reliance Jio, on the other hand, has revolutionized the telecom landscape in India by offering free 4G services, racking up close to 100 million subscribers in just six months.Keep up with money news, sent to your inboxSign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. It is now said to be working on a 4G-enabled feature phone that could translate into substantial sales for Qualcomm, given Jio's strong user base and the Qualcomm's robust market share of 30% in India. If the American chipmaker is able to capture an identical share in budget smartphones, it could end up shipping more than 60 million chips into India itself in the next five years.However, Qualcomm's early move into 4G feature-phone chips should give it a higher market share, so its sales should be even bigger on a global scale -- giving its top line a nice boost.10 stocks we like better than QualcommWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Qualcomm wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.Click here to learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.Tags• WireLoad-Date: January 17, 2018End of Document

Fusion Splicer Market by Offering (Hardware (Sheath Clamps, Electrodes, Electric ARC, CO2 Laser, Cleaver and Stripper), and Software & Services), Alignment Type (Core, and Cladding Alignment), Application, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022PR NewswireMay 9, 2017 Tuesday 2:44 PM ESTCopyright 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 835 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, May 9, 2017 Body"The fusion splicer market is likely to grow at a CAGR of 4.72% between 2017 and 2022"The fusion splicer market was valued at USD 570.5 million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD 762.3 million by 2022, at a CAGR of 4.72%. Moreover, the fusion splicer market registered a shipment of 65,735 units in 2016 and is expected to reach 97,353 units by 2022, at a CAGR of 6.52% during the forecast period. The market growth can be attributed to several factors such as growing demand for high network bandwidth, low insertion loss, and rise in government funding. The major restraints for the fusion splicer market is the high cost for equipment.Read the full report:http://www.reportlinker.com/p04889812/Fusion-Splicer-Market-by-Offering-Hardware-Sheath-Clamps-Electrodes-Electric-ARC-CO2-Laser-Cleaver-and-Stripper-and-Software-Services-Alignment-Type-Core-and-Cladding-Alignment-Application-and-Geography-Global-Forecast-to.html"The fusion splicer market for enterprise application is expected to grow at a high rate during the forecast period"The enterprise application is currently exhibiting a rapid adoption of fiber optic cables. Currently, many enterprises in China are engaged in developing new information infrastructures, which would include a huge number of fiber optic cables. This factor is indirectly expected to drive the growth of fusion splicer market in the enterprise application."The fusion splicer market in APAC is expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period"The need of high network bandwidth in the telecom sector acts as driving force for the growth of the fusion splicer market. The extensive development of telecommunication and broadband networks in Asia Pacific (APAC) has led to the increasing growth in the fiber optic market in this region, thereby increasing the demand for the fusion splicer.The countries considered in APAC are China, Japan, India, Malaysia, and Rest of APAC. The APAC holds the largest share of the fusion splicer market as there is strong support for fusion splicer development from the Chinese and Indian government.Breakdown of primary participants' profile by different parameters:· By Company Type: Tier 1 - 50%, Tier 2- 33%, and Tier 3 - 17%· By Designation: C-Level Executives - 50%, Directors - 33%, and Others - 17%· By Region: Americas - 33%, Europe - 17%, and APAC - 50%The key players operating in this market are Sumitomo Electric Industries (Japan), Furukawa Electric Co. Ltd. (Japan), Fujikura Ltd. (Japan), ILSINTECH CO., LTD. (Korea), INNO Instruments Inc. (Korea), Darkhorsechina (Beijing) Telecom. Tech. Co., Ltd. (China), China Electronics Technology Group Corporation (China), Nanjing Jilong Optical Communication Co.,,LTD. (China), Nanjing DVP O.E. TECH. CO., LTD. (China), Shenzhen Ruiyan Communication Equipment Co., LTD (China).Research Coverage:In this report, various segments such as offering, alignment type, application, and geography have been covered. The report also discusses the drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges for the market. The report provides a detailed view of the market across four main regions-the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), and Rest of the World (RoW). The competitive analysis section has been included in the report, which provides information about the vanguards, innovators, dynamic and emerging players.Reasons to Buy the Report:· This report includes the statistics pertaining to the fusion splicer market in terms of offering, alignment type, application, and geography, along with their respective market size (in terms of value for the hardware segment).· Competitive analysis section that provides information about the vanguards, innovators, dynamic, and emerging players in the fusion splicer market.· Major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges for the fusion splicer market have been provided in detail in this report.· The report includes the illustrative segmentation, analysis, and forecast of the fusion splicer market based on its segments and subsegments.Read the full report:           http://www.reportlinker.com/p04889812/Fusion-Splicer-Market-by-Offering-Hardware-Sheath-Clamps-Electrodes-Electric-ARC-CO2-Laser-Cleaver-and-Stripper-and-Software-Services-Alignment-Type-Core-and-Cladding-Alignment-Application-and-Geography-Global-Forecast-to.htmlAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.           http://www.reportlinker.com__________________________Contact Clare:clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fusion-splicer-market-by-offering-hardware-sheath-clamps-electrodes-electric-arc-co2-laser-cleaver-and-stripper-and-software--services-alignment-type-core-and-cladding-alignment-application-and-geography---global-f-300454551.htmlSOURCE ReportlinkerLoad-Date: May 10, 2017End of Document

More Wells Fargo clawbacks; blockchain hype temperedAmerican BankerApril 12, 2017 WednesdayCopyright 2017 SourceMedia LLC d/b/a Arizent. All Rights ReservedSection: Vol. 182; No. 70Length: 827 wordsByline: George YacikBodyReceiving Wide Coverage ...The Claw returns: Wells Fargo's board said it clawed back an additional $75 million of compensation from former CEO John Stumpf and former retail bank chief Carrie Tolstedt and released a scathing report on the bank's phony accounts scandal. The 113-page report, which was compiled by the law firm Shearman & Sterling, included interviews with 100 current and former employees and reviewed 35 million documents. The board said it held back the additional money from Stumpf and Tolstedt because it felt it had been misled about how long the sales abuses were going on and didn't know that 5,300 employees had been fired over a five-year period until the news became public knowledge, when the bank was fined $185 million for the abuses."The board's results cap a six-month independent investigation that has not only rocked the country's third largest bank by assets but also the broader banking industry, with dozens of firms examining their own sales practices at the behest of regulators," the Wall Street Journal commented.Wall Street Journal; Financial Timeshere,hereandhere; New York Timeshereandhere;Washington Post; American Bankerhereandhere.Among the revelations disclosed in the report was this one from Page 39: One "branch manager had ateenage daughter with 24 accounts, an adult daughter with 18 accounts, a husband with 21 accounts, a brother with 14 accounts and a father with 4 accounts."Wall Street JournalLending volume down: Commercial real estate mortgage volumefell 3% last year to $491 billion, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association. Most of the drop happened in the fourth quarter, when volume fell 7% compared to the year earlier period.Overall loan growth has slowed. Total loans and leases extended by commercial banks rose 3.8% compared to a year earlier as of March 29,compared to 6.4% growth in all of 2016and the 7.6% pace in late October, according to the Federal Reserve.Cash is still king: With more people using credit and debit cards and digital payment systems to pay for things, you would think that there would be fewer bills and coins in circulation. Not so. In fact, hard currency as a percentage of U.S. GDP is now at 8.6%,the highest level since the early 1950s. Similar trends are going on in other developed countries."The most likely reason for the cash paradox, analysts say: a thriving global underground economy of tax evasion, organized crime and terrorism financing," the Journal reports. "Digital payments may be faster and more efficient, but cash cloaks transactions in privacy."Moving abroad: Backed by the government, big Chinese banks are lending record volumes around the world just as growth at home is declining. "For the first time, three of the country's four largest lenders last year postedlarger increases in overseas lending than in domestic corporate loans," the Journal reports. The expansion "comes as Chinese banks try to carve out a bigger presence in some of the world's priciest business districts, financially as well as physically."At the same time, however, the China Banking Regulatory Commission is warning the country's banksagainst engaging in speculative activity.Same M.O.: The same group of cyber thieves who stole $81 million from Bangladesh's central bank several years ago may have beenbehind last July's unsuccessful attempt to steal $170 millionfrom an Indian bank. "The similarities between the Indian and Bangladeshi hacks underscore concerns about a rash of cyberattacks in recent months on financial institutions around the world, including banks in the U.S., Mexico, Poland and the U.K.," the Journal reported. "Some of these hacks have been linked to groups affiliated with North Korea." In the Indian case, the thieves were thwarted when bankers saw something amiss and prevented the money from being released.Financial TimesSmart move: The FT likes the Trump administration's recent tilt in favor of reviving the Glass-Steagall Act. "Politically,this could be a great cause for Mr Trump to get behind," the paper says. "It would prove he is serious about building bridges between his government and the Democrats to 'get stuff done,' and he would look tough on the Wall Street giants that he criticized during his campaign. The likes of JPMorgan, Bank of America and Citigroup could be ripped apart by such a law - a risk that the stock market has barely registered."ElsewhereLowering expectations: The head of innovation at UBS says it will takeat least 10 years for blockchain technology to transform financial services. "There has been some hype in the market and some people have the expectation about a very fast materialization of benefit," Veronica Lange said. "The true benefit and what we are all kind of fantasizing about" that will require a much more solid and robust market fabric to deploy on." (Financial News)Quotable"I wish we would'vetaken more action and done things more quickly."- Wells Fargo CEO Timothy Sloan.http://www.americanbanker.com/morning-scan/more-wells-fargo-clawbacks-blockchain-hype-temperedLoad-Date: April 11, 2017End of Document

US Defense Official: North Korea May Be Preparing Another Missile Test LaunchThe FrontrunnerJuly 25, 2017 TuesdayCopyright 2017 Bulletin News Network, Inc.Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 407 wordsBodyCNN (7/24, Browne, Starr, 44.83M) reports on its website that a US Defense "official said that transporter vehicles carrying ballistic missile launching equipment were seen arriving in Kusong, North Korea on Friday," suggesting Pyongyang is preparing for another missile test launch within six days that "would coincide with the upcoming July 27 North Korean Holiday celebrating the armistice which ended the Korean War." Reflecting the Administration's growing concerns over the threat, Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Dunford warned at the Aspen Security Forum last week that North Korea is "clearly on a path to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile that can reach the reach the United States and to match that with a nuclear weapon." Additionally, CIA Director Pompeo "offered some of the most aggressive comments yet from the Trump administration with regard to North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un."WSJournal A1: China Implements Changes Suggesting Preparations For North Korean Crisis.On its front page, the Wall Street Journal (7/24, A1, Page, Subscription Publication, 6.99M) reports Chinese military and government websites have in recent weeks revealed details of changes Beijing has implemented along its border with North Korea. Measures aimed at preparing for a possible crisis, including a potential US military strike, include an overhaul of the Chinese military, enhanced border surveillance, bunkers to protect against possible chemical and nuclear blasts, and ongoing combat-readiness drills involving units that experts say could be deployed to North Korea.Analysts Say Market Growth Has Loosened Pyongyang's Control Over North Koreans.The Washington Post (7/24, Fifield, 12.92M) reports that since the mid-1990s amid "a devastating famine," markets slowly grew in North Korea and "have exploded under Kim Jong Un's regime, chipping away at people's reliance on the state." The growth of private and state-run markets "has brought about a huge change in the way that people interact with one another and has loosened the regime's ability to use food as a method of control, analysts say." The Center for Strategic and International Studies' Beyond Parallel project, which "is trying to extract ever more information from North Koreans who live and work in the country, as opposed to the more prevalent surveys of those who have escaped from the nation," conducted a "micro-survey" that appears to support this theory.Load-Date: July 26, 2017End of Document

US Defense Official: North Korea May Be Preparing Another Missile Test LaunchThe FrontrunnerJuly 25, 2017 TuesdayCopyright 2017 Bulletin News Network, Inc.Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 407 wordsBodyCNN (7/24, Browne, Starr, 44.83M) reports on its website that a US Defense "official said that transporter vehicles carrying ballistic missile launching equipment were seen arriving in Kusong, North Korea on Friday," suggesting Pyongyang is preparing for another missile test launch within six days that "would coincide with the upcoming July 27 North Korean Holiday celebrating the armistice which ended the Korean War." Reflecting the Administration's growing concerns over the threat, Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Dunford warned at the Aspen Security Forum last week that North Korea is "clearly on a path to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile that can reach the reach the United States and to match that with a nuclear weapon." Additionally, CIA Director Pompeo "offered some of the most aggressive comments yet from the Trump administration with regard to North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un."WSJournal A1: China Implements Changes Suggesting Preparations For North Korean Crisis.On its front page, the Wall Street Journal (7/24, A1, Page, Subscription Publication, 6.99M) reports Chinese military and government websites have in recent weeks revealed details of changes Beijing has implemented along its border with North Korea. Measures aimed at preparing for a possible crisis, including a potential US military strike, include an overhaul of the Chinese military, enhanced border surveillance, bunkers to protect against possible chemical and nuclear blasts, and ongoing combat-readiness drills involving units that experts say could be deployed to North Korea.Analysts Say Market Growth Has Loosened Pyongyang's Control Over North Koreans.The Washington Post (7/24, Fifield, 12.92M) reports that since the mid-1990s amid "a devastating famine," markets slowly grew in North Korea and "have exploded under Kim Jong Un's regime, chipping away at people's reliance on the state." The growth of private and state-run markets "has brought about a huge change in the way that people interact with one another and has loosened the regime's ability to use food as a method of control, analysts say." The Center for Strategic and International Studies' Beyond Parallel project, which "is trying to extract ever more information from North Koreans who live and work in the country, as opposed to the more prevalent surveys of those who have escaped from the nation," conducted a "micro-survey" that appears to support this theory.Load-Date: July 26, 2017End of Document

Asia Animation Industry Strategies, Trends and Opportunities Report 2017: Increasing Focus Towards Production of Local AnimationGlobeNewswireMay 29, 2017 Monday 1:29 AM PTCopyright 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1686 wordsBodyDublin, May  29, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --      Research and Markets   has announced the addition of the         "Asian Animation Industry 2017: Strategies, Trends and Opportunities"   report to their offering.                       The rapid advancement of computer technology has made computer animation  available to the masses. The major animation markets include the United  States, Canada, Japan, China, France, Britain, Korea and Germany. The  outsourced computer animation production market is increasingly being  tapped by North American and European film and television program  producers. The major factors behind outsourcing of animation content to  the Asia/Pacific region are the availability of trained skills at lower  labor rates. Much of Asia's animation production since the 1960s has been tied to foreign interests attracted by stable and inexpensive labour supplies. For nearly forty years, western studios have established and maintained production facilities, first in Japan, then in South Korea and Taiwan, and now also in the Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore, Vietnam, Thailand, India, Indonesia, and China. The economics of the industry made it feasible for Asia to feed the cartoon world, to the extent that today, about 90% of all American television animation is produced in Asia.  The usual procedure is for pre-production (preparing the script, storyboard, and exposure sheets) to be done in the United States or other headquarter countries, after which, the package is sent to Asia for production (drawing cels, colouring by hand, inking, painting, and camera work). The work is sent back to the U.S. or other headquarter country for post-production (film editing, colour timing, and sound). Asian animation companies bid fiercely for part of the global business, insisting that it provides employment and skills for young people, brings in needed foreign capital, and adds to the creation or enhancement of domestic animation. Offshore animation has led to the creating and nurturing of a local industry, as an infrastructure is built up, equipment is put into place, and skills are transferred.  An emerging trend in the Asian animation industry is the increasing focus towards production of local animation content for television as well as production of animated movies. A number of Asian animation studios are giving importance to owning and protecting animation content by investing in intellectual property protection mechanisms.  Key Topics Covered:                   Introduction  Animation In Asian Societies Establishment Of Local Animation Industry Local Content Productions Successful Business Models  - Drivers For Success - Models For Animation Financing In Asia - Copyright Chain In Asia - Influence Of Foreign Animation Styles  Popularity Of Foreign Animation  - Trends In Animation Production In Asia  Animation Production In China Animation Production In India Animation Production In South Korea Animation Production In Philippines Animation Production In Taiwan Animation Production In Vietnam  - Animation Co-Productions In Asia  Co-Productions In Japan Co-Productions In China Co-Productions In Korea Co-Productions In India Co-Productions In Taiwan Co-Productions In Philippines Co-Productions In Singapore Co-Productions In Malaysia  - Collaboration Among Asian And Foreign Animation Studios - Controversies Surrounding Foreign Animation  Philippines Singapore Korea Malaysia Indonesia  - Animation Studios In Asia  India  Current State Of The Industry Key Trends Challenges  - Business Models Of Animation Studios In India  Revenue Models Cost Structure Toonzanimation India's In-House Animation Project Hanuman - India's First Fully Indigenous Feature Film  - State Of Animation Channels In India  Viewership Patterns Of Animation Channels In India Advertising Trends In Kids Channels Growth In Kids Animation Content Merchandising Emerging Trends Key Challenges  - Size Of The Indian Animation Industry  Rising Domestic Demand  - Chhota Bheem: India's Successful Local Animation Production - Statistics On Animation Studios In India - The Risks - Future Outlook - Strategies For Animation Studios In India - Animation Schools In India - Key Animation Studios In India  China  Current State Of The Industry Key Trends Challenges Demand For Local Content Government Support Market Opportunity  - Chinese Market For TV Animation  Chinese TV Animation Value Chain Key Challenges In The Chinese Market For TV Animation  - Business Models Of Animation Studios In China  Revenue Models Cost Structure Thru The Moebius Strip - The First Chinese 3D Animation Movie  - Size Of The Chinese Animation Industry - Statistics On Animation Studios In China - The Risks - Future Outlook - Strategies For Animation Studios In China - Animation Studios In China  South Korea  Emergence Of The Industry Functioning Of Korean Animation Studios Changing Business Models Going Beyond Subcontracting Investments By Industrial Groups Changes In Industry Structure Success In Other Countries  - Current State Of The Industry  Government Support Collaboration With Overseas Partners Key Trends Local Content  - Challenges - Strategies For Korean Animation Studios  Overseas Marketing  - Market Opportunity  Size Of The Korean Animation Industry  - Statistics On Animation Studios In Korea - Future Outlook - Animation Schools In Korea - Animation Studios In Korea  Philippines  Current State Of The Industry Key Trends Competition Industry Capacity Brand Building Government Support Demand For Local Content Funding  - Animation Outsourcing In Philippines - Animated Feature Films In Philippines - Industry Recovery - Industry Advantages - Challenges - Animation Education And Training In Philippines - Size Of The Philippine Animation Industry - Statistics On Animation Studios In Philippines - Strategies For Philippine Animation Studios - Future Outlook - Animation Studios In Philippines  Taiwan  Past The Turbulent Times Current State Of The Industry Key Trends Local Content Competition Government Support Competitive Advantages  - Challenges - Threats To Taiwan Animation Studios  Internal Threats External Threats  - Animation Schools In Taiwan - Taiwan's First 3D Animated Feature Film - Statistics On Animation Studios In Taiwan - Strategies For Animation Studios In Taiwan - Future Outlook - Animation Studios In Taiwan - Key Animation Studios In Taiwan  Vietnam  Early Foreign Entrants Into Vietnam Key Trends Capabilities Of Vietnamese Animators  - Vietnam's 3D Animated Feature Film - Local Animation Productions In Vietnam - Challenges - Future Trends - Animation Studios In Vietnam - Statistics On Animation Studios In Vietnam - Strategies For Animation Studios In Vietnam - Future Outlook  Japan  History Of Japanese Animation Key Trends Market Overview Collaboration Between Japanese And Overseas Studios Outsourcing To Other Countries  - Successful Business Models - Anime Exports  Overseas Influence Of Anime  - Globally Successful Japanese Animes  The Pokemon Phenomenon  - Japanese Anime Production Models  Prominence Of 2D Retas - Software For Anime Production Manga Studio - Software For Manga Production  - Challenges - Future Trends - Statistics On Animation Studios In Japan - Strategies For Japanese Animation Studios - Animation Studios In Japan  Thailand  Key Trends  Early Productions Local Content  - Thailand's First 3D Animated Feature Film - Local Animation Productions In Thailand - Government Support - Industry Drivers - Challenges - Industry Opportunities - Strategies For Animation Studios In Thailand - Animation Studios In Thailand - Statistics On Animation Studios In Thailand  Singapore  Industry Demand Triggers Local Animation Productions In Singapore Singapore Government Initiatives Industry Drivers Challenges Strategies For Animation Studios In Singapore Statistics On Animation Studios In Singapore  - Animation Studios In Singapore  Animation Schools In Singapore  Malaysia  History Of Malaysian Animation Strategies For Malaysian Animation Industry Government Support Industry Drivers Challenges For Malaysian Animation Industry Industry Opportunities Strategies For Animation Studios In Malaysia Malaysia's First 3D Animated Feature Film Statistics For Animation Studios In Malaysia Animation Studios In Malaysia  Indonesia  Government Support Indonesia's First 3D Animated Feature Film Challenges Statistics On Animation Studios In Indonesia Animation Studios In Indonesia  Russia  Animation Film Market In Russia Globally Successful Russian Animations Industry Drivers Challenges Industry Opportunities Strategies For Animation Studios In Russia Government Support And Animation Funding In Russia Animation Studios In Russia Value Of Animation Industry In Russia Size Of Animation Industry In Russia Statistics On Animation Studios In Russia  Israel  Drivers Israel's First Animated Feature Film Challenges Statistics On Animation Studios In Israel Animation Studios In Israel  Pakistan  History Of Pakistani Animation Industry Current State Of The Industry Key Trends  - Pakistan's First 3D Animated Feature Film - Industry Drivers - Challenges - The Risks - Industry Opportunities - Strategies For Animation Industry In Pakistan - Future Trends - Animation Studios In Pakistan - Statistics For Animation Studios In Pakistan  Bangladesh  Current State Of The Industry Key Trends  - Bangladesh's Globally Successful Animated Short Film - Industry Drivers - Challenges - The Risks - Industry Opportunities - Strategies For Animation Industry In Bangladesh - Future Trends - Animation Studios In Bangladesh           For more information              about this  report     visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/jrjbzf/asian_animation   CONTACT: Research and Markets          Laura Wood, Senior Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900          U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907          Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716          Related Topics: Media and Entertainment Load-Date: May 30, 2017End of Document

Missouri Journalism Scholars to Present More Than 75 Papers at International ConferenceTargeted News ServiceMay 24, 2017 Wednesday 2:38 AM  ESTCopyright 2017 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 2946 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: COLUMBIA, Mo. BodyThe University of Missouri's School of Journalism issued the following news release:Missouri School of Journalism faculty, students and alumni will present more than 75 papers at the 67th annual International Communication Association conference in San Diego, May 25-29. They also will serve in numerous leadership roles as session chairs, respondents and panel participants. The theme of this year's meeting is "Interventions: Communication Research and Practice."A paper by Assistant Professor Brett Johnson was selected as one of three top papers in the Communication Law and Policy division. The rankings will be announced at the meeting.The ICA is the largest international academic association for scholars interested in the study, teaching, and application of all aspects of human and mediated communication.Current faculty, students and alumni are identified in bold face. Missouri journalism degrees are listed for alumni.Children Adolescents and the Media* Romantic Motivations for Social Media Use, Social Comparison, and Online Aggression Among Adolescents. Rachel Young, MA '01, PhD '13, Iowa; Maria E. Len-Rios, PhD '02, Georgia.Communication History* "Is This Justice?" Charlotta Bass and the Wesley Robert Wells Case, 1950-1954. Rachel Grant, journalism doctoral student, Missouri.* The South Through British Eyes: Journalism of Thomas Butler Gunn at the Dawn of the Confederacy. Michael Fuhlhage, MA '07, Wayne State.Communication Law and Policy* Top Paper: The Supreme Court and "Robust" Public Debate: Use of the Word "Robust" in First Amendment Jurisprudence. Brett Johnson, Missouri.* FCC's Indecency Regulation: A Comparative Analysis Between Broadcase and Online Media. Maria I. Fontenot, Tennessee-Knoxville; Michael T. Martinez, PhD '12, Tennessee-Knoxville.* Issues, Technology, and Time: Why Policy Principles Are Crucial for Effective and Enduring Policy. Robert Picard, PhD '83, Oxford.Communication and Technology* Contextualizing Nonprofits' Use of Links on Twitter During the 2014 Ebola Epidemic. Melissa Tully, Iowa; Kajsa Dalrymple, Iowa; Rachel Young, PhD '13, Iowa.* If A Tree Falls in a Forest: Experimental Investigation of Level of Immersion in a PSA and Resulting Prosocial Behavior. Donna Davis, Oregon; Heather Shoenberger, MA '06, PhD, '14, Oregon; Wes Pope, Oregon.* Multilevel Analysis of Networked Movements in the Digital Age. Hyunkin Seo, MA '92, Kansas; Fengjun Li, Kansas; James Sterbenz, Kansas.* Securing Online Privacy: An Empirical Test on Internet Scam Victimization, Online Privacy Concerns, and Privacy Protection Behaviors. Hongliang Chen, Texas A&M; Christopher Beaudoin, MA '95, PhD '01, Boston; Traci Hong, Boston.* The Visible Audience: How Journalists Deal With New Forms of Audience Feedback. Edson Tandoc, PhD '13, Nanyang Technological.Environmental Communication* When Scientists Tweet for Social Changes: Dialogic Communication and Collective Mobilization Strategies by Flint Water Study Scientists on Twitter. Mi Rosie Jahng, PhD '12, Wayne State; Namyeon Lee, MA '16, journalism doctoral student, Missouri.Feminist Scholarship* A Feminist Perspective of Media Ethics: Does "Ethics of Care" Provide a Universal Framework for Global Media Ethics in the New Media Age? Mohammad Delwar Hossain, James Aucoin, PhD '93, South Alabama.* More Than Words: Disability, Class, Race, and Gender Performances on TV's Speechless. Joy Jenkins, PhD '17; Rachel Grant, journalism doctoral student, Missouri.Game Studies* The Power of Digital Games in Disaster Preparation and Postdisaster Resilience. Gregory Perreault, PhD '15, Appalachian State; Mimi Perreault, PhD '16, Appalachian State; MatthewVan Dyke, Appalachian State.Health Communication* Can Second Life Make Health a First Priority? Examining Exercise Efficacy and Motivations in a Virtual Environment. Jennifer Lewallen, post doctoral fellow, communication, Missouri; Elizabeth Behm-Morawitz, associate professor, communication, Missouri.* Effects of Conspicuity and Integration of Warning Messages in Instagram Alcohol Ads: Balancing Between Persuasion and Reactance Among Underage Youth. Chen Lou, Nanyang Technological; Saleem Alhabash, MA '08, PhD '11, Michigan State.* Effects of Message Framing on Influenza Vaccination: Understanding the Role of Risk Disclosure, Perceived Vaccine Efficacy, and Felt Ambivalence. Sungsu Kim, Georgia; Ivanka Pjesivac, Georgia; Yan Jin, MA '02, PhD '05, Georgia.* Effects of a Personalized Antidrinking Mobile Game on College Students' Responses to Binge Drinking. Joonghwa Lee, PhD '12, North Dakota; Soojung Kim, University of North Dakota.* #Engagement: Use of Twitter chats to Construct Nominal Participatory Spaces During Health Crises. Rachel Young, MA '01, PhD '13, Iowa; Melissa Tully, Iowa; Kajsa E. Dalrymple, Iowa.* Familiarity Breeds Less Contempt: The Effects of Familiarity in Reducing Stigma Attributed to News Stories. Sarah Smith-Frigerio, Missouri; Benjamin Warner, courtesy faculty, communication, Missouri.* Health Information Seeking Among Singaporeans: Roles and Collective Contexts. Mohan Jyoti Dutta, National University of Singapore, Satveer Kaur-Gill, National University of Singapore, Pauline Luk, National University of Singapore; Julian Lin; Seow Ting Lee, MA '99, PhD' 02, Colorado-Boulder.* Image and Framing Effects on Perceptions of Self-Efficacy and Body Satisfaction: Messaging to Encourage Employees to Participate in Wellness Programs. Maria E. Len-Rios, PhD '02, Georgia; Yen-I Lee, Georgia.* Interplay of Personal Value Orientation and Freedom Threat on Psychological Reactance and Behavioral Intention for Persuasive Diabetes Messages. Kyung Jung Han, PhD '15, California State-Bakersfield.* Is it the Celebration or Who's Drinking? Predicting Celebration Drinking with a Revised Look at Perceived Social Norms in the Age of Social Media. Duygu Kanver, Michigan State; Greg Viken, Michigan State; Saleem Alhabash, MA '08, PhD '11, Michigan State; Sandi Smith, Michigan State; Pang-Ning Tan, Michigan State.* Media Agenda-Building in Health: Perceptions of Public Health Information Officers and Health Journalists. Hyun Jee Oh, MA '08, PhD '11, Hong Kong Baptist.* My Blogger Told Me It Was Okay to Drink: PSI Effects on Alcohol Purchase. Erika Johnson, MA '12, PhD '16, East Carolina; Sungkyoung Lee, Missouri; Glen Cameron, Missouri.* Trust in Cancer Health Information Seeking. Seow Ting Lee, MA '99, PhD '02, Colorado-Boulder; Mohan Jyoti Dutta, National University of Singapore, Julian Lin, Pauline Luk, National University of Singapore; Satveer Kaur-Gill, National University of Singapore.Information Systems* #Authenticity in Ads: Exploring Effects of Perceived Authenticity, Model Size, and Social Cues on Body Image State, Social Media Engagement. Heather Shoenberger, MA '06, PhD '14, Oregon; Eunkin Kim, PhD '15, Southern Methodist; Erika Johnson, PhD '16, East Carolina; Nicole Smith Dahmen, Oregon.* Effects of Infographics During Science News Processing: Prior Knowledge and Learning Process as Moderating Variables. Namyeon Lee, MA '16, journalism doctoral student, Missouri; Sungkyoung Lee, Missouri.* Measurement of Social Reward Processing of Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorder. Micah Mazurek, Missouri; Glenn Leshner, professor emeritus, Oklahoma; Paul Bolls, Texas Tech; Russell Clayton, PhD '15, Florida State.* News Media Literacy and Topic Involvement as Predictors of Comment Credibility. David Wolfgang, MA '11, PhD '16, Colorado State; Manu Bhandari, MA '10, PhD '15, Arkansas State.* Overloaded: Investigating The Effects of Working Memory and Perceptual Load On Attention And Memory for Online News Push Notifications. Carie Cunningham, Duquesne; Saleem Alhabash, MA '08, PhD '11, Michigan State.* What Happened in Ferguson Stayed in Ferguson? The Influence of Physical Distance on Information-Sharing Behavior. Seoyeon Hong, PhD '14, Webster; Hyunmin Lee, PhD '11, Drexel; Mi Rosie Jahng, PhD '12, Wayne State.Instructional and Developmental Communication* GIFTS: Teaching Editorial Design Using Induction. Yulia Medvedeva, MA '08, journalism doctoral student, Missouri.Interpersonal Communication* Cyberbullying and Supportive Communication: Interactions Between Source and Message Characteristics. Andrew High, Iowa; Rachel Young, PhD '13, Iowa.Journalism Studies* Audiences and Journalistic Capital: Roles of Journalism. Tim Vos, Missouri; Martin Eichholz, Kelton Global; Tatsiana Karaliova, journalism doctoral student, Missouri.* Building the Journalistic Paradigm: Beyond Paradigm Repair. Tim Vos, Missouri; Joseph Moore, journalism doctoral student, Missouri.* Charting the Development of a Field: A Systematic Analysis of Comparative Studies of Journalism: Folker Christian Hanusch, Vienna; Tim Vos, Missouri.* Comments, Analytics, and Social Media: The Impact of Audience Feedback on Journalists' Market Orientation. Folker Christian Hanusch, University of Vienna, Edson Tandoc, PhD '13, Nanyang Technological.* Field, Flows, and Frankenstein Journalism. Andrew Duffy, Edson Tandoc, PhD '13, Nanyang Technological; Rich Ling, Nanyang Technological.* From Letters to Numbers: How Audience Quantification Affects News Construction. Edson Tandoc, PhD '13, Nanyang Technological; Sonny Rosenthal, Nanyang Technological.* News Organizations' Use of Native Videos on Facebook: Tweaking the Journalistic Field One Algorithm Change at a Time. Edson Tandoc, PhD '13, Nanyang Technological; Julian Maitra, St. Gallen.* Mo "Meta" blues: Metajournalistic Discourse, Mesolevel Actors, and Popular Television, Patrick Ferrucci, PhD '13, Colorado-Boulder.* Staying True to the Mission: How C-SPAN Translated Espoused Into Lived Values to Pull off a "Boring" Social Media Strategy. Hans Karl Meyer, MA '06, PhD '09, Ohio; Christy Zempter, Ohio.* Student Perceptions on Journalistic Roles Across the World. Tim Vos, Missouri; Dimitri Prandner, Johannes Kepler-Linz.* Taming the Trolls: How Journalists Negotiate the Boundaries of Journalism and Online Comments. David Wolfgang, MA '11, PhD '16, Colorado State.* Unpublishing the News: An analysis of U.S. and South Korean Journalists' Discourse About an Emerging Practice. Stephanie Craft, MA '90, Illinois; Hye Soo Nah, Illinois; Regina Anh, Illinois; Alejandro Ortiz, Northwestern.* Whose Community? Mapping Perceptions of Power, Issues, and Solutions Across Communities: Kimberly Kelling, journalism doctoral student, Missouri; Brett Johnson, Missouri.Mass Communication* Addressing Climate Change as a Collective Action Problem: Revisiting Media Effects in Promoting Proenvironmental Behavioral Intention. Xiaodong Yang, Nanyang Technological University, Xiaoming Hao, MA '90, PhD '93, Nanyang Technological.* How Media Influence Illusion? An Examination of Media Effects on Illusion in Perceived Knowledge Differential Between Self and Other. Xiaodong Yang, Nanyang Technological University, Xiaoming Hao, PhD '93, MA '90, Nanyang Technological.* Instagram and College Women's Body Image: Investigating the Roles of Appearance-Related Comparisons and Intrasexual Competition. Joshua Hendrickse, Florida State; Russell Clayton, PhD '15, Florida State; Jessica Ridgway, Florida State.* Periodical and Serial as Contested Newspaper, Magazine and Journal-Related Concepts. Marcia Prior-Miller, MA '81, Iowa State.* Third-Person Effects of China News in Foreign Media and Support for the Chinese* Government's Global Profile-Raising Campaigns. Ran Wei, National Chiao Tung U, Ven-Hwei Lo, PhD '85, National Chengchi; Guy Golan, Syracuse.* What Journalists Think Audiences Want: Social Media, Web Analytics, and Journalists' Perception of Audience Preferences. Edson Tandoc, PhD '13, Nanyang Technological; Sonny Rosenthal, Nanyang Technological.* Young Citizens, Social Media, and the Dynamics of Political Learning in the U.S. Presidential Primary Election. Stephanie Edgerly, Northwestern University, Kjerstin Thorson, MA '92, Michigan State; Christopher Wells, Michigan State.Media Industry Studies* Selling Horses When Consumers Prefer Sports Cars: The Fundamental Product Problem of Legacy News Providers in the Digital World. Robert Picard, PhD '83, Oxford.Organizational Communication* "We Just Don't Talk About Sex at Work": Silencing and the Push-Pull Process of Cosexuality in the Workplace. Cristin Compton, Missouri; Debbie Dougherty, courtesy faculty, communication, Missouri.Political Communication* "A Plague on Both Your Sides": Benevolent Sexism in the Debate on Gender-Neutral Toilets. Lindsey Erin Blumell, Jennifer Huemmer, Texas Tech University, Miglena Sternadori, MA '05, PhD '08, Texas Tech.* Comedic Cognition: The Impact of Elaboration on Political Comedy Effects. Fred Jay Jennings, Josh Bramlett, Missouri; Benjamin Warner, courtesy faculty, communication, Missouri.* Constructing the Socialism of the 21st Century on the Airwaves: A Rhetorical Analysis of President Hugo Chavez's Characterization of Venezuela's Socioeconomic Shift on Alo Presidente. Ayleen Cabas-Mijares, journalism doctoral student, Missouri.* Effects of intergroup Contact on Affective Polarization, Attribution of Malevolence, and Acceptance of Political Violence. Benjamin Warner, courtesy faculty, communication, Missouri; Astrid Villamil, Missouri.* Partisanship, Interest, or Friends? Testing Competing Hypotheses of Political News Flows. Kjerstin Thorson, MA '07, Michigan State; Emily Vraga, George Mason; Christopher Wells, Samuel Tham, MA '15, Michigan State.* Protest Communication Ecology and Community Racial Crisis: The Case of the Michael Brown Shooting Death. J. Brian Houston, courtesy faculty, communication,frisby Missouri; Esther Thorson, professor emerita, Michigan State; Cynthia Frisby, Missouri; Rocio Galarza Molina, Missouri; Jennifer First, Missouri.Public Diplomacy* Framing the Syrian Refugee Crisis: Securitization in the U.S. News Media. Mi Rosie Jahng, PhD '12, Wayne State.Public Relations* Aligning Core Values With CSR Communication: Diversity and Accountability. Maria E. Len-Rios, PhD '02, Georgia.* CSR Communication as a Bolstering Crisis Response Strategy: Public Inferences of CSR Attributions and Leadership Styles. Jeesun Kim, PhD '09, Incheon National; Hyun Jee Oh, MA '08, PhD '11, Hong Kong Baptist.* Exploring Gendered Assumptions of Social Media Expertise and Practitioner Power in Public Relations. Hyunmin Lee, PhD '11, Drexel; Katie Place, Quinnipiac; Brian Smith, Purdue.* The Environment as a Conceptual Framework for Understanding Relationship Management in Public Relations. Seow Ting Lee, MA '99, PhD '02, Colorado-Boulder; Amanda Kee, National University of Singapore.* The "Halo Effect" in Online Crisis Communication: Exploring the Effects of Organization-Public Relationship on Crisis Communication via Social media. Young Kim, Marquette; Hyojung Park, PhD '11, Louisiana State.* The Status of the Social Mediated Crisis management (SMCM) Research: An Analysis of Published Research Articles. Yang Cheng, journalism doctoral student, Missouri.* To Post or Not to Post on Organizational Facebook Pages? Testing a Privacy Management Model for Millenials on Social Media. Kyung Jung Han, PhD '16, California State-Bakersfield; Joongwha Lee, PhD '12, North Dakota.* University Reputation Management: Testing the Effects of Identity and Image on Reputation and Behavioral Intentions. Youngah Lee, MA '08, PhD '11, Ball State; Hyojung Park, PhD '11, Louisiana State.Visual Communication Studies* Picturing Race: Toward a Critical Model of Visual Racism. Janis Teruggi Page, PhD '05, George Washington; Margaret Duffy, Missouri.* Symbolic Convergence in Depictions of Syrian Migrants: A Fantasy Theme Analysis of the Humans of New York Series "The Syrian Americans". Gregory Perreault, PhD '15, Appalachian State; Newly Paul, Appalachian State.Preconference Session: Media Performance and Democracy: The Debate Continues* Youth in Revolt: The Democratic Potential of Campus Newspaper Protest Coverage. Marina Hendricks, journalism doctoral student, Joy Jenkins, PhD '17.Missouri Leadership* Participants, Heesook Choi, journalism doctoral student, Missouri; Stephanie Craft, MA '90, Illinois; Edson Tandoc, PhD '13, Nanyang Technological; Tim Vos, Missouri; Journalism Studies Graduate Student Colloquium.* Chair, Stephanie Craft, MA '90, Illinois. Journalists' Discourses About Journalism: Negotiating Professional Practices and Boundaries.* Participants, Marina Hendricks, journalism doctoral student, Missouri, Joy Jenkins, PhD '17. Media Performance and Democracy: The Debate Continues.* Respondent, J. Brian Houston, courtesy faculty, communication, Missouri. Strategic Environmental Communication and Exploration of Research in Crisis, Risk, and Disaster Communication.* Chair, Mimi Perreault, PhD '16, Appalachian State. Media Effects and Audience Behavior in Environmental Communication.* Chair, Mimi Perreault, PhD '16, Appalachian State. Strategic Environmental Communication and Exploration of Research in Crisis, Risk, and Disaster Communication.* Respondent, Jae-Hwa Shin, PhD '03, Southern Mississippi. Theory Interventions II: Organization-Public Relationships.* Chair, Heather Shoenberger, MA '06, PhD '14, Oregon. To Understand Communication and Social Networks I.* Chair, Kjerstin Thorson, MA '07, Michigan State. Digital Campaigns, Social Media, and Elections: New Platforms, New Research.* Chair, Kjerstin Thorson, MA '07, Michigan State. Fakes, Facts, and Misperceptions on Social Media.* Participant, Yanfang Wu, journalism doctoral student, Missouri. Journalism Studies Graduate Student Colloquium.* Chair, Rachel Young, PhD '13, Iowa. Stress, Coping, and Social Support.Copyright Targeted News Services07M-Tagaruma-5873989 07M-TagarumaLoad-Date: May 25, 2017End of Document

Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago, Irv Leavitt columnPioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban ChicagoJune 9, 2017 FridayCopyright 2017 Pioneer PressDistributed by Tribune Content AgencySection: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWSLength: 403 wordsByline: Irv Leavitt, Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban ChicagoBodyJune 09--Air Force ROTC Cadet Caroline Smith, 20, has received an award from the University of Texas, the Major Christopher M. Cooper "Longhorn Airman" Memorial Award, and a $5,000 scholarship. Smith, who plans on a career as an Air Force pilot, is also a volunteer and is double-majoring in Chinese and government. She's taking the summer off, working the front desk of her apartment complex, at a clothing store, a yoga studio, babysitting and studying for her pilot's license.Q. Where did you grow up?A. Northbrook, Illinois.Q. As a child, what did you want to be when you grow up?A. Either an astronaut or president of the United States.Q. What was your first job?A. Lifeguard for the Northbrook Park District. And I also was a sales associate for Kate Spade at Northbrook Court. And a nanny. That summer I did all three. I like to be busy.Q. Do you play any musical instruments?A. I have played piano since the first grade. I used to go to the Sonatina competition, competed through high school. I also used to play at (St. Norbert) every year, 5 p.m. Christmas Eve mass.Q. Tell me something about yourself that most people don't know.A. I'm in ROTC, and I'm also in a sorority. There are completely different people (who) never really cross paths.Q. If you could travel anywhere, where would you go?A. I spent my entire (last) summer in China and Japan. I was in Europe, also. It opened my entire mind. I'd like to go to Africa or New Zealand. Next on my list is to hike Mount Kilimanjaro.Q. What's the most amazing thing you've ever seen?A. Last week my car was broken into, and my purse stolen. Wallet, sunglasses, passport. But then throughout the week, I found all my belongings through Facebook and memberships ... Such a weird thing; a lot of great people found them all.Q. Do you have any pet peeves?A. When people are late. And slow drivers.Q. Words of wisdom?A. My dad always tells me, 'Fortune favors the bold.' You have to really put yourself out there to be successful.Shout Out is a weekly feature where we get to know and introduce our readers to their fellow community members and local visitors throughout suburban Chicago. Check out more online at ChicagoTribune.com/ShoutOut.ileavitt@pioneerlocal.com___ (c)2017 Pioneer Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) Visit Pioneer Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.Load-Date: June 10, 2017End of Document

Committee of 100 Releases White Paper Analyzing Economic Espionage Act Cases; Findings Show Asians Accused of Spying Twice as Likely to be InnocentPR NewswireMay 26, 2017 Friday 5:10 PM ESTCopyright 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 769 wordsDateline: WASHINGTON, May 26, 2017 BodyA new White Paper, "Prosecuting Chinese Spies: An Empirical Analysis of the Economic Espionage Act," published by theCommittee of 100provides empirical indications that Asians in America may be facing unfair and increasing racial prejudice in the U.S. government's campaign to crack down on theft of economic trade secrets. The study was independently conducted by scholar Andrew Kim of South Texas College of Law in 2016 and is being publicized byC100and partners to highlight the study's findings. Founded in 1990, theCommittee of 100(C100) is a non-profit organization of prominent Chinese American leaders from government, business, media and entertainment, and academia.Recent prosecutions of innocent Chinese Americans have raised concerns that U.S. Department of Justice investigations of suspected espionage have been influenced by racial prejudice. "This study shows that there is enough evidence to be concerned," said C100 Chairman Frank H. Wu. "The growing number of false accusations towards American citizens of Asian descent, and the factual similarities among the situations show an apparent pattern and practice of selective and discriminatory treatment. It deserves rigorous monitoring," said Wu."It is rare to have such strong indications of bias," Wu continued. "This data should be the beginning of the discussion, not the end, because while it is not conclusive, it should raise alarms.""No doubt there have been instances of Asian Americans, like other American citizens, who have violated the law and who have then faced justifiable investigation and prosecution. There is nonetheless a definite line to be drawn between appropriate prosecutions that is based on actual evidence free of bias and overreaching persecution that is triggered by unfounded suspicions and tainted by racial prejudice. All Americans, regardless of ethnicity, depend on that line for their rights of due process and equal protections under the U.S. Constitution," said Wu.The White Paper was initially released on May 20, 2017 during a Town Hall meeting of C100 members and leading experts during the C100 Annual Conference 2017 in Washington, D.C. The conference was held from May 18 - 20, 2017.Key Highlights of the Study:Innocent citizens are being tried for crimes they don't commit.As many as 1 in 5 Asian people prosecuted as "spies" may be innocent, a rate twice as large compared to any other ethnicity.Asians are most likely to be charged for espionage.Since 2009, 62% of EEA (Economic Espionage Act) defendants charged are Asian; 52% of all EEA defendants charged are Chinese.Asians convicted under the EEA get harsher sentencing.The average sentence for Chinese and all Asian defendants was 25 months and 22 months, twice as long as the 11 months sentence for defendants with Western names.About the Committee of 100The Committee of 100 is a leadership organization of prominent Chinese Americans in business, government, academia, and the arts. C100 members are leading U.S. citizens of Chinese descent who leverage their collective influence and resources to strengthen U.S.-China relations and promote the full participation of Chinese Americans.Established in 1990, the Committee of 100 has a long history of contribution to twin missions promoting the full participation and inclusion of Chinese Americans in all fields of American life, and encouraging constructive relations between the peoples of the United States and China. The organization recently established a Legal Defense & Education Fund, which has paid for the publication and distribution of this White Paper highlighting Andrew Kim's findings. For the past five years, C100 members such as Nelson Dong, George Koo, and Brian Sun have given educational workshops around the U.S., presenting background on some of the issues discussed here (download the educational flyer). Through the Fund, financial support has been offered to victims of racial profiling.In 1999, the Committee led a coalition to raise national awareness of the denial of due process in the Wen Ho Lee case of alleged espionage, which later resulted in a public apology from the presiding judge.The Committee continues to monitor issues affecting Chinese Americans and serves as a high-level bridge in the U.S.-China dialogue fostering constructive exchanges with the leadership of Beijing, Taipei, and Washington.Contact: Committee of 100media@committee100.orgTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/committee-of-100-releases-white-paper-analyzing-economic-espionage-act-cases-300464819.htmlSOURCE Committee of 100Load-Date: May 27, 2017End of Document

Global Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules IndustryPR NewswireJune 21, 2017 Wednesday 3:39 PM ESTCopyright 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 6912 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, June 21, 2017 BodyThis report analyzes the worldwide markets for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules in Thousand Units by the following End-Use Application Segments: Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2016 through 2024. Also, a five-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 22 companies including many key and niche players such as -Read the full report:http://www.reportlinker.com/p04951661/Global-Cellular-Machine-to-Machine-M2M-Modules-Industry.htmlGemalto N.VHuawei Technologies Co., Ltd.Kyocera CorporationNeoway Technology Co. Ltd.Novatel Wireless, Inc.Read the full report:           http://www.reportlinker.com/p04951661/Global-Cellular-Machine-to-Machine-M2M-Modules-Industry.htmlI. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONSStudy Reliability And Reporting LimitationsDisclaimersData Interpretation & Reporting LevelQuantitative Techniques & AnalyticsProduct Definitions and Scope of StudyII. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEWM2M: The Foundation for a Smart Connected WorldTable 1: World Cellular M2M Data Traffic: Annual Breakdown of Data Traffic (in Petabytes/Annum) for Years 2014, 2016, 2018, 2020 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Market OverviewTable 2: Low Cost LTE Forecast to Become a Big Part of Future Cellular M2M Communications: Percentage Breakdown of Global Number of M2M Connections by Cellular Technology for the Years 2017 & 2020 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Evolving Telecom Infrastructure: The Foundation for Cellular M2M CommunicationsWired Vs Wireless Links & the Threat Posed by Public IP and Private IP Connectivity AlternativesKey Market Trends & DriversEmergence of Connected Enterprises Fuels Growth Opportunity for M2M in the Industrial/ Commercial SectorTable 3: Robust Opportunities in the Offing for Wireless M2M Connections & Modules in the US$138 Billion Connected Enterprise Market: Global Connected Enterprise Market (In US$ Billion) for the Years 2017, 2022 and 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Focus on Intelligent Asset Management: The Cornerstone for the Growth of Cellular M2M in the Enterprise SectorTable 4: The US$4 Billion Intelligent Asset Management Industry Offers a Fertile Playing Ground for M2M Communication Technology: Global Enterprise Asset Management Market (In US$ Billion) for the Years 2017 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Rapid Adoption Among SMEs Worldwide Bodes Well for the Growth of the Cellular M2M MarketLarge Scale Telematics Programs Drive M2M Deployments & Demand for M2M ModulesThe Rise of the Connected Car Drives Demand for Connected Car M2M ServicesRobust Investments in ITS Fuels M2M Intelligent Transport Systems & Traffic TelematicsMandatory Telematics Regulations Lends Traction to In- Vehicle M2M Telematics ServicesTable 5: The US$13 Billion Automotive Telematics Market Provides a Gold Mine of Opportunities for Cellular M2M Connections: Global Telematics Market (In US$ Billion) for the Years 2017, 2022 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Rise of On-Demand Transport Services & Emphasis On Productivity Enhancement Make Fleet Management the Largest Telematics Based Services Sector for M2MTable 6: The Growing Opportunity in Fleet Management Bodes Well for Cellular M2M Technology & Its Ecosystem: Global Installed Base of Fleet Management Systems (In 000 Units) for the Years 2017 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Growing Investments in 4G/LTE & 5G to Strengthen the Robustness of Cellular M2M TechnologyTable 7: Growing Telecom Operator Spending On 4G/LTE Infrastructure is Poised to Bring in Massive Quality of Service (QoS) Improvements in Cellular M2M Services: Global Breakdown of LTE Infrastructure Spending (US$ Million) for the Years 2015 & 2020 by Geographic Region/ Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)The Rise of Smart Homes Drives Interest in Ubiquitous Automation Via M2MTable 8: Growing Popularity of Smart Homes to Benefit Demand for Smart Home M2M Solutions: Number of Smart Homes (In 000s) in Select Countries for the Years 2017 & 2020 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 9: Expanding Digital Lifescape to Incentivize Growth of Smart Home M2M Solutions: Global Adoption Rates (In %) of Consumer Smart Home Systems for the Years 2017 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Government Policy Led Migration to Smart Cities Spurs the Growth Potential of M2MTable 10: Robust Investments in Smart City ICT Technologies Paves the Way for Increased Role of Cellular M2M in Smart City Enablement: Global Market for Smart City Technologies (Hardware, Software, and Services) In US$ Million for the Years 2017 & 2020 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Growing Value of Connectivity in Utility Operations Expands Opportunities for Cellular M2MTable 11: Growing Investments in Smart Grid Networks for Automation & Digital Communications Spur Opportunities for Cellular M2M: Global Investments in Advanced Metering Infrastructure & Distributed Grid Management (In US$ Billion) for Years 2013 & 2016 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Sizing Cellular M2M Opportunities in the US$121 Billion Smart Healthcare IndustryMedical Equipment Manufacturers Venturing into M2M-Enabled DevicesTable 12: The Growing Smart Healthcare Ecosystem Bodes Well for the Future Role of Cellular M2M in e-Healthcare: Global Smart Healthcare Market (In US$ Billion) for the Years 2017 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Investments in Industrial Automation Speeds Up Cellular M2M DeploymentsM2M-enabled Devices Gain Acceptance for Electronic PaymentsElectronic Security Applications to Boost Revenue for Cellular M2M MarketGovernment Intervention Bodes Well for the MarketCellular M2M Service Provider Market StructureTable 13: Leading Players in the Global Cellular M2M Market (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Total Number of Connections for AT&T, China Mobile, China Unicom, Deutsche Telekom, Sprint, Telefonica, Verizon, Vodafone and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)A Peek Into Key Challenges to GrowthSecurity: The Most Important Issue Requiring Immediate ResolutionMarket Outlook2. PRODUCT OVERVIEWMachine-to-Machine (M2M) CommunicationCellular Machine-to-Machine CommunicationsLTE-AAccess Class BarringSlotted and Group-based AccessIncreasing PreamblesModification of RA ProcedureAchieving Power SavingLTE-MCellular Machine to Machine ModuleApplicationsFleet ManagementAreas of Fleet Management ApplicationRemote Monitoring & ControlSecurityElectronic Payment SystemsAutomotiveSmart MeteringMobile ComputingGatewayNavigationHealthcareCellular Machine-to-Machine Value NetworkNetwork OperatorService OperatorEquipment VendorSystem IntegratorApplication ProviderPlayers in M2M Value NetworkTelecom OperatorsSIM Card ProvidersModule/ Device ManufacturersService Providers3. END-USE SECTORSAutomotiveSmart CitySmart PowerSmart WaterSafety & Surveillance SystemsSmart HealthcareAgricultureSupply Chain (PDS)Fiscal Cash Registers4. TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEWEvolution of Mobile Network TechnologiesFirst Generation Networks (1G)Second Generation Networks (2G)2.5 Generation Technology (2.5G)Third Generation Networks (3G)Value Chain in 3GMobile Networks that Support 3G ServicesUMTS/ WCDMAImportant Features of WCDMAHSPAFeaturesBenefits OfferedHSDPAHSUPAHSPA+CDMAEvolution-Data Optimized (EV-DO)Fourth Generation Networks (4G)Comparison of Wireless Broadband TechnologiesKey Components in 4G InfrastructureAdvantagesLimitations5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITYARM Takes Over Mistbase and NextG-ComKORE Partners with Rev.ioEricsson, AT&T and Qualcomm Technologies Successfully Demonstrates VoLTE Call for IoTBamboo Technology Unveils M2M NetworkKORE Wireless Group Acquires Wyless Group HoldingsVimpelCom Forms Partnership with Cisco JasperNokia, Vodafone and Telit Enter into CollaborationKT and LG Uplus to Enter into an AllianceSequans Communications Inks Agreement with T-MobileVodafone Inks Agreement with InmarsatJT Inks Agreement with NeoConsultMillicom Selects Safran Identity & Security to Supply Secure Elements and Applications for IoT in Latin AmericaEricsson, Qualcomm Technologies and KPN Conducts First Trial of Cat-M1Nokia and Sonera Successfully Complete NB-IoT Trial in FinlandMTS and Nokia Demonstrates NB-IoT Solution in RussiaHuawei Completes System Function and Performance Verification Test on 3GPP-Compliant NB-IoTTruphone Introduces Truphone FastSIM(TM) and IoT Connectivity Management PlatformAT&T Unveils First LTE-M Site in North AmericaMTN and Huawei Launches Smart Water Metering NB-IoT Solution in AfricaNovatel Wireless Acquires DigiCore HoldingsNovatel Wireless Acquires Feeney WirelessLindsay Acquires ElecsysORBCOMM Snaps Up SkyWave Mobile CommunicationsAeris and Giesecke & Devrient Ink AgreementZest4 Partners with ArkessaZain Group Expands Partner Market Agreement with VodafoneORBCOMM Renews Services Agreement with KomatsuORBCOMM Unveils ORBCOMMconnec Management Portal6. FOCUS ON SELECT GLOBAL PLAYERSGemalto N.V. (Netherlands)Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (China)Kyocera Corporation (Japan)Neoway Technology Co. Ltd. (China)Novatel Wireless, Inc. (USA)Sierra Wireless, Inc. (Canada)SIMCom Wireless Solution Co. Ltd. (China)Telit Communications PLC (UK)u-blox (Switzerland)ZTE Corporation (China)7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVEValue Analytics:Table 14: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 15: World Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 16: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Worldwide Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules Market by Application:Table 17: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Fleet Management Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 18: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Fleet Management Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 19: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Fleet Management Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 20: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Remote Monitoring & Control Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 21: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Remote Monitoring & Control Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 22: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Remote Monitoring & Control Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 23: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Security Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 24: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Security Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 25: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Security Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 26: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Electronic Payment Systems by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 27: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Electronic Payment Systems by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 28: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Electronic Payment Systems by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 29: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 30: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 31: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 32: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Other Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 33: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Other Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 34: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Other Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Volume Analytics:Table 35: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 36: World Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 37: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Worldwide Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules Shipments by Application:Table 38: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Fleet Management Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 39: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Fleet Management Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 40: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Fleet Management Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 41: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Remote Monitoring & Control Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 42: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Remote Monitoring & Control Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 43: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Remote Monitoring & Control Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 44: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Security Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 45: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Security Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 46: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Security Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 47: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Electronic Payment Systems by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 48: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Electronic Payment Systems by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 49: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Electronic Payment Systems by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 50: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 51: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 52: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 53: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular M2M Modules in Other Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 54: World Historic Review for Cellular M2M Modules in Other Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 55: World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular M2M Modules in Other Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)III. MARKET1. THE UNITED STATESA.Market AnalysisCurrent & Future AnalysisValue AnalysisVolume AnalysisM2M Market to Experience Noticeable GainsBudding Demand for Specialized Service ProvidersStrategic Corporate DevelopmentsNovatel Wireless, Inc. - A Major US-Based CompanyB.Market AnalyticsValue AnalyticsTable 56: The US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 57: The US Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 58: The US 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Volume AnalyticsTable 59: The US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 60: The US Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 61: The US 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)2. CANADAA.Market AnalysisCurrent & Future AnalysisValue AnalysisVolume AnalysisStrategic Corporate DevelopmentSierra Wireless, Inc. - A Major Canada-Based CompanyB.Market AnalyticsValue AnalyticsTable 62: Canadian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 63: Canadian Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 64: Canadian 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Volume AnalyticsTable 65: Canadian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 66: Canadian Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 67: Canadian 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)3. JAPANA.Market AnalysisCurrent & Future AnalysisValue AnalysisVolume AnalysisKyocera Corporation - A Major Japan-Based CompanyB.Market AnalyticsValue AnalyticsTable 68: Japanese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 69: Japanese Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 70: Japanese 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Volume AnalyticsTable 71: Japanese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 72: Japanese Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 73: Japanese 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)4. EUROPEA.Market AnalysisCurrent & Future AnalysisValue AnalysisVolume AnalysisThe eCall Regulation Bodes PotentialSurge in Demand for Telematics Fitted Commercial VehiclesM2M Regulatory Mandates in the EUMachine-to-Machine Connections Market in Ireland - An InsightStrategic Corporate DevelopmentsSelect Key PlayersB.Market AnalyticsValue AnalyticsTable 74: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 75: European Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 76: European 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Volume AnalyticsTable 77: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 78: European Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 79: European 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)5. ASIA-PACIFICA.Market AnalysisOverviewKey Regional MarketsChinaChina All Set to Leverage the Huge M2M and IoT OpportunityGovernment Support Key for Chinese M2M Market GrowthIndustry Participants Sweat it Out to Create a Robust M2M Market SpaceTransport and Energy - The Key SectorsFuture Growth to Stem from Novel Network TechnologiesFragmented M2M Ecosystem - A Key Challenge for the Chinese M2M IndustryNeed for StandardizationFuture Course of ActionIndiaCellular M2M Market Gets Major Boost from Smart City and Smart Grid InitiativesM2M Finds Increasing Applications in End-Use SectorsStrategic Corporate DevelopmentsSelect Key PlayersB.Market AnalyticsValue AnalyticsTable 80: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 81: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 82: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Volume AnalyticsTable 83: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 84: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 85: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)6. LATIN AMERICAA.Market AnalysisCurrent & Future AnalysisValue AnalysisVolume AnalysisAn Overview of the M2M Market in Latin AmericaStrategic Corporate DevelopmentB.Market AnalyticsValue AnalyticsTable 86: Latin American Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 87: Latin American Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 88: Latin American 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Volume AnalyticsTable 89: Latin American Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 90: Latin American Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 91: Latin American 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)7. REST OF WORLDA.Market AnalysisCurrent & Future AnalysisValue AnalysisVolume AnalysisStrategic Corporate DevelopmentsB.Market AnalyticsValue AnalyticsTable 92: Rest of World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 93: Rest of World Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Thousand for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 94: Rest of World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Volume AnalyticsTable 95: Rest of World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2016 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 96: Rest of World Historic Review for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Shipments in '000 Units for Years 2011 through 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)Table 97: Rest of World 14-Year Perspective for Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules by Applications - Percentage Breakdown of Shipments for Fleet Management, Remote Monitoring & Control, Security, Electronic Payment Systems, Automotive, and Others Markets for Years 2011, 2017 & 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)IV. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPETotal Companies Profiled: 22 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries - 24) The United States (7) Canada (1) Japan (1) Europe (7) - France (1) - Germany (1) - The United Kingdom (1) - Spain (1) - Rest of Europe (3) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (8)Read the full report:           http://www.reportlinker.com/p04951661/Global-Cellular-Machine-to-Machine-M2M-Modules-Industry.htmlAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.           http://www.reportlinker.com__________________________Contact Clare:clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-cellular-machine-to-machine-m2m-modules-industry-300477824.htmlSOURCE ReportlinkerLoad-Date: June 22, 2017End of Document

WanXin & E-Link Partner for PC GamesPR.comJuly 14, 2017 Friday 6:30 AM ESTCopyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com All Rights ReservedLength: 310 wordsByline: E-Link EntertainmentBodyVancouver, Canada,  July 14, 2017 --(PR.com)-- WanXin Media Group Co. Ltd., a top publishing company in China, has partnered with E-Link Entertainment, a specialty Global Publisher with direct access to China, to scout for quality PC games to be released onto Cube Game, WanXin's latest PC gaming platform.WanXin's success in China's publishing industry has lead them to push their reach further into the ever-growing Chinese gaming market. Cube Game, WanXin's latest PC gaming platform, aims to fill the void within China's PC gaming market by releasing high quality games from overseas. With E-Link's unique presence in the games industry, they are recognized as the best company for bridging the gap between WanXin and the global market.E-Link Entertainment is a specialized mobile games and apps publisher with direct channel access in China. E-Link publishes games worldwide, with access to unique Publishing opportunities in varied regions. Any PC Game Publishers/Developers interested in a new avenue of PC game distribution to supplement their current distribution strategy, contact E-Link to unlock your possibilities in China.About WanXin Media Group:Established in 2008, WanXin became the first company in the publishing industry in China to be listed in A-share in 2010. With WanXin's unique network of leading Chinese media channels and government licensing specialists, they are eager to help developers reach new heights in the Chinese market.About E-Link Entertainment:E-Link Entertainment publishes mobile content globally, while offering app publishers and developers direct access to China through their unique structure and connections. They have launched top titles including Heroes Blade and Dungeon Champions, with more on the way.Press Contact:Eddie Li, Business Development ManagerE-Link Entertainmenteli@ elinkent. com | +1-604-638-8383Load-Date: July 14, 2017End of Document

Electric Car Technology and Forecasts 2017-2027GlobeNewswireMay 10, 2017 Wednesday 6:25 AM PTCopyright 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1516 wordsBodyDublin, May  10, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --      Research and Markets   has announced the addition of the         "Electric Car Technology and Forecasts 2017-2027"   report to their offering.         The report finds a huge market emerging for the cheapest, easiest way of converting existing production of cars to keep them legal as new global warming laws bite. This is the 48V mild hybrid: it will also peak in the next fifteen years but, before that, it will transmogrify into a hugely popular form of electric vehicle by becoming capable of several pure electric modes with engine off. The Mercedes broad move to 48V MH in 2017 is only part of this story.  The report's sober look at the detail reveals surprising aspects not popularly reported. For example, Fiat Chrysler is a laggard in EVs but they convinced us they are a leader in 48V MH. Why has Toyota just done a U turn on pure electric cars? Timing is all in this game.  The analysis reveals when Energy Independent Vehicles EIV become significant, not least as cars. It exposes the world of LIDAR, RADAR, cameras, software and so on for autonomy with their relative importance changing rapidly. The price trends are dramatic.  Is there a hare and tortoise story here with Tesla terrifying the industry by becoming the Apple of automotive but acquiring major quality and financial challenges? Volkswagen and Daimler have become ambivalent about fuel cell cars and Toyota has just decided to go big on pure electric, in a change of emphasis. Hyundai say they are the end game, Honda says they are an important option and yet others call them "fool" cells. Who is right? Will the Chinese flood the world with half-price basic electric cars? When?  It is very important that readers escape the evangelism of so many commentators and access the sober analysis of companies. For example, it breaks all the rules of safe manufacturing to radically change your product while increasing production one hundredfold yet we show how that is exactly what is happening with the lithium-ion batteries. Battery fires and explosions are ongoing but some car and battery makers have a superb record.  Forecasts should not presume everything goes right. The anode, cathode, electrolyte and format are changing in a headlong race to smaller size and weight, less cooling and non-flammability. Only the author forecasts the numbers and dollars in nine categories of cars and car-like vehicles because it is plain silly to conflate 3 wheelers, golf cars and fuel cell cars with others.                   Key Topics Covered:                   1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS  1.1. Purpose and definitions 1.2. Primary conclusions 1.3. Changing the world 1.4. Relevant megatrends beyond pollution 1.5. Why electric cars are chosen 1.5.1. Examples of market pull 1.5.2. Examples of market push: 1.6. Electric car technology choices and trends 1.6.1. End game is not as popularly portrayed 1.6.2. From range anxiety to range superiority 1.6.3. Electric car powertrain evolution 1.6.4. Key enabling technologies by powertrain 1.6.5. Increasing importance of power electronics: proliferation and enhancement 1.7. Why have autonomy? 1.7.1. Many autonomous car trials 1.7.2. Relative importance of powertrain and autonomy hardware markets 2017-2037 1.7.3. BMW view of commoditisation of autonomous car hardware to 2021 1.8. Evolution of battery energy density and cost 1.9. No steady progress to fewer components 1.9.1. Importance of benchmarking beyond cars 1.10. Mayhem in the car market 1.10.1. Growth to collapse: pure electric and commercial prevail number K 1.10.2. Escape routes for car makers and parts suppliers facing reducing sales 2030 1.11. Market forecasts for cars and car-like vehicles 1.11.1. Car categories characterised 1.11.2. Car market dynamics by sector 1.11.3. Global forecasts by number thousand, 2017-2027 1.11.4. Global forecasts by ex-factory price $k 2017-2027 1.11.5. Global forecasts by market value $ billion 2017-2027 1.11.6. Top five EV value markets 2017 1.11.7. Top five EV value markets 2027 1.12. Historic market data 1.12.1. Cars 2014-6 by powertrain and region Number K 1.12.2. Light vehicle plug-in by country to Sept 2016 cumulative and annual, per person 1.12.3. NEV China and other countries 2011-2015 1.13. Other analyst's views and manufacturer targets 1.14. League table of EV manufacturers 2017 $ billion 1.15. Battery vs fuel cell assessment end 2016 1.16. Premium pure electric cars in 2017  2. INTRODUCTION 2.1. What, where? 2.2. Technologies 2.3. Lessons past, present and future 2.4. Car demand: 15 year view 2.5. Examples of policy support mechanisms for plug-in electric cars 2.6. Territorial differences  3. THE CHINA CAR PHENOMENON 3.1. Largest car market, government driven 3.2. Chinese car manufacturers coming up fast 3.3. Car market drivers in China 3.4. U turn on hybrids HEV that do not plug in 3.5. Types of car manufacturing competitor  4. CAR POWERTRAINS 4.1. Overview: from range anxiety to range superiority 4.2. Choosing car powertrains 4.3. Influence of new ownership and business models 4.3.1. Ownership changes affect powertrains 4.4. Impact of autonomous driving on powertrains 4.5. Future powertrain options 4.6. Where cars are headed in 2030 4.7. Common enablers 4.8. Powertrain parameter priorities 4.9. Disruptive and incremental change 4.10. Death of the strong hybrid HEV that does not plug in? 4.11. Car manufacturer powertrain priorities 2016-2030 4.12. Primary trends powertrains 2017-2037 4.13. Powertrain timeline 2016-2036 4.14. Car low carbon technology roadmap 4.15. Influence of legislation - examples  5. STRONG HYBRID ELECTRIC POWERTRAINS 5.1. Strong "Full" Hybrid Electric Vehicles 5.2. Strong hybrid configurations 5.3. PHEV models then pure electric PEV 5.4. Series hybrid 5.5. Parallel hybrid 5.6. Some series and parallel hybrid variants 5.7. Toyota viewpoint 5.8. Plug in option: Porsche assessment 5.8.1. Example Peugeot 2016 5.9. Comparison of storage and range extender options 5.10. Range extenders in context 5.11. Fuel cells for traction 5.12. Gas turbines, rotary combustion, free piston range extenders  6. PURE ELECTRIC VEHICLE PEV 6.1. Architecture 6.2. Powertrain: Peugeot 6.3. Nissan, Renault, Tesla, Volkswagen and trends 6.4. Trend in number and position of traction motors. 6.5. Energy storage issues 6.6. Charging  7. ENERGY INDEPENDENT CARS 7.1. EIV operational choices 7.2. Key EIV technologies 7.3. Hanergy EIV cars in 2020 with GaAs photovoltaics 7.4. Immortus EIV car Australia 7.5. Stella Lux passenger car Netherlands 7.6. Car-like commercial EIV shows the way 7.7. Car-like Lizard tourist bus shows the way  8. SOME OF THE KEY ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES 8.1. The key enabling technologies are changing 8.2. New electric powertrains will often be more complex 8.3. Energy storage 9. ROTATING ELECTRICAL MACHINES AND THEIR CONTROLS 9.1. Jargon buster 9.2. Typical electric car powertrain components and needs 9.2.1. Toyota compact car powertrain 9.2.2. Differences in need 9.3. Great improvements in traction motors with their controls are both needed and possible 9.4. Move to integration including in-wheel 9.5. Car motor systems for wider application/ volume 9.6. REM technologies performance in powertrains: 9.7. Toyota: Big Gains from Downsizing PM Motor for 2016-7 models 9.8. Move to more than one REM per car 9.9. Effect of move to plug-in EVs: Porsche analysis 9.10. Technology choices  10. ENERGY HARVESTING INCLUDING REGENERATION 10.1. Energy harvesting: the new key enabling technology 10.2. Features of energy harvesting 10.3. Market drivers for energy harvesting 10.4. EH transducer options compared for all applications 10.5. Energy harvesting choices increase for cars 10.6. EH technology choice by intermittent power generated 10.7. EH transducer readiness compared: external vs regen 10.8. Experimental EH transducer options compared with the four winners so far 10.9. Powerful new EH inputs handled even with 48V Mild Hybrid  11. MEGATREND: STRUCTURAL ELECTRONICS  12. AUTONOMY TECHNOLOGIES 12.1. Terminology 12.2. Demand for autonomous cars 12.3. Convergence of technologies and new challenges 12.4. Technology of autonomous cars: Delphi Tesla Mobileye 12.5. LIDAR RADAR camera compared 12.6. Current players in car autonomy                  Companies Mentioned                  - Audi - Borg Warner - Eaton - Fiat - GKN - IAV - IFEVS - LIDAR - Mitsubishi - Oerlikon - Pi Innovo - Porsche - Protean - Tesla - Toyota - UQM - Xtrac - Yasa Motors                      For more information              about this  report     visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/hjmczd/electric_car   CONTACT: Research and Markets          Laura Wood, Senior Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900          U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907          Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716          Related Topics: Cars, Telematics and Vehicle Electronics, Electric and Hybrid Vehicles Load-Date: May 11, 2017End of Document

As Amazon, Microsoft and Google Keep Taking Cloud Share, Rivals Are Learning to SpecializeRealMoneyJune 19, 2017 Monday 8:55 PM EDTCopyright 2017 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1232 wordsByline: Eric JhonsaHighlight: The latest research shows that Amazon, Microsoft and Google remain ahead of the pack in cloud infrastructure. But Alibaba, IBM and others are finding ways to stand out.BodyThe 2016 edition of research firm Gartner's widely-read cloud infrastructure (IaaS) Magic Quadrant report  that Amazon.com Inc.  , Microsoft Corp.  and to a lesser extent Alphabet Inc./Google  were ahead of the pack in the booming IaaS market, and unlikely to relinquish their lead.  doesn't paint a significantly different picture regarding the big-3's competitive positions. But it does suggest that smaller rivals are getting better at carving out niches by focusing on cloud offerings that have some chance at standing out.For those unfamiliar: Gartner places companies it covers in a Magic Quadrant report into one of four quadrants on a chart. Where they're placed depends on how highly Gartner rates their ability to execute within a market, and how complete the firm considers a company's vision for its offerings within the market to be. Those considered above-average in both fields are placed into the "Leaders" quadrant, and those seen as below-average in both into the "Niche Players" quadrant. Those deemed above-average in one and below-average in the other are placed in either the "Visionaries" or "Challengers" quadrant.As shown above, Amazon and Microsoft are deep within the Leaders quadrant, and Google is on the verge of breaking in. All three companies saw their placement on the "Ability to Execute" axis rise slightly relative to 2016, while remaining close to where they were before on the "Completeness of Vision" axis.Alphabet is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells GOOGL? Learn more now.But whereas Google was alone in the Challengers quadrant last year -- everyone besides the big-3 was labeled a Niche Player -- Alibaba Group  , IBM Corp.  and Oracle Corp.   managed to break into the quadrant this year. Some of this may be due to a more lenient attitude towards ranking smaller players on Gartner's part. But it also might say a thing or two about how each company has learned how to stand out.Alibaba, which reported its "cloud computing" revenue rose 103% annually in the March quarter to RMB2.16 billion ($314 million), was naturally praised for its leading position in China's burgeoning IaaS market. Though Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft's Azure have entered China, Gartner notes Alibaba's AliCloud remains popular with Chinese tech companies and government agencies. And that AliCloud has developed a strong ecosystem of local software firms and managed service providers (MSPs).At the same time, Gartner notes Alibaba's international cloud offerings, which launched last year , are pretty limited. And that potential international clients might still have security and compliance concerns about relying on a Chinese public cloud provider.IBM's ranking appears to have gotten a boost from its efforts to create a next-gen cloud infrastructure for enterprises that relies on proprietary IBM hardware and management software. Gartner also took note of IBM's ability to use its global footprint to set up cloud data centers in 16 countries, and the potential to use its developer ecosystem to drive adoption of infrastructure services built on top of its  , which initially focused just on cloud app platform (PaaS) services for developers.However, Gartner added IBM's current infrastructure offerings were developed by its SoftLayer unit (acquired in 2013) -- they've seen limited improvements over the last four years, and are considered by Gartner to be better suited for startups and gaming firms than large enterprises. The firm also deems IBM's current cloud experience "disjointed," since some services are offered via Bluemix and others via SoftLayer.Oracle is praised for the revamped IaaS platform it launched last year, which includes support for "bare metal" servers running no virtualization software, and for having a "sensible engineering roadmap" to make up for lost ground. Gartner also likes that Oracle has an end-to-end cloud strategy covering IaaS, PaaS and cloud apps (SaaS), a large developer ecosystem and the ability to use its database to reel in clients.But while Larry Ellison might argue otherwise, Gartner considers Oracle's IaaS platform a "minimum viable product" for the time being, lacking the advanced features larger rivals in this field can offer. It adds Oracle has just begun creating a cloud infrastructure partner ecosystem, and warns customers to wary of "high-pressure sales tactics" meant to drive cloud deals.Dell Technologies'  Virtustream cloud unit, acquired when the company bought EMC last year, is still in the Niche Players segment, but now close to crossing over to the Visionaries segment. Gartner notes Virtustream does a good job of running mission-critical enterprise apps from the likes of SAP and Oracle, and is expanding the number of regions and workloads it serves. But it cautions Virtustream is (with good reason) focused on its mission-critical enterprise niche rather than trying to offer a broader set of services.While smaller players get some praise in Gartner's report, it still pales relative to what's shown for the big-3. Not surprisingly, AWS is said to be "the [IaaS] thought leader and the reference point for all competitors," and the platform most frequently chosen for large-scale data center migrations. Amazon's unmatched ecosystem of software and consulting partners also get a shout-out, and Gartner notes many enterprises are now spending over $5 million annually on AWS, which has reached a $14 billion revenue run rate.Gartner pegs Azure's run rate (never disclosed by Microsoft) to be around $3 billion as of the end of 2016, with a few clients now spending over $5 million per year. It notes Microsoft is speeding the pace at which it launches  , has made inroads with open-source developers and is popular with companies that have extensively deployed Microsoft's on-premise server software. One point of criticism: Microsoft's support services could be better.Google's ability to provide cloud clients with technologies and software tools developed to support its consumer services is seen as a strong point; last year, Gartner talked up Google's AI and analytics services. The web giant is also said to have greatly improved its ability to sell to enterprises over the last year. However, Gartner adds its clients typically choose Google as a secondary cloud provider rather than a primary provider, and that its feature set still isn't as broad as Amazon and Microsoft's.A January Morgan Stanley survey found that on average, CIOs expect the percentage of all business app workloads to run on public clouds to grow from 16% to 46% by the end of 2020. Amazon, Microsoft and Google's clouds will claim a large portion of those migrated workloads, but as Gartner's commentary drives home, there are ways for smaller rivals to claim a chunk of them if they're able to differentiate and resist the urge to try and build a full-blown AWS rival.For companies like IBM, Oracle and Dell, creating profitable small-scale cloud infrastructure businesses, even with other other cloud offerings layered on top, might be cold comfort -- these firms need significant cloud growth to offset declining traditional IT hardware, software and services revenue streams. But ultimately, this is a better result than losing money in a vain attempt to fully what match Amazon or Microsoft is doing.Load-Date: June 20, 2017End of Document

Bitcoin hits record $2,000 - and rising; Global demand has offset concerns about its use by hackersUSA TODAYMay 23, 2017 TuesdayFIRST EDITIONCopyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MONEY; Pg. 2BLength: 557 wordsByline: Jon Swartz, @jswartz, USA TODAYBodyBitcoin, sometimes frowned upon as a currency of the underworld, is fast gaining currency in the financial world.The crypto-currency soared past $2,000 for the first time over the weekend as investors increasingly treat it as a new gold standard and countries such as Japan and China integrate it into their banking systems. On Monday, it traded 6% higher at $2,182.74, according to CoinDesk."It will continue to rise in price as inflation goes higher and there is world turmoil," says Jonathan Johnson, president of Medici Ventures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com that focuses on blockchain, the technology that underlies digital assets such as bitcoin, allowing it to be tracked and secure.Johnson was instrumental in the decision by e-commerce company Overstock to begin accepting bitcoin in January 2014."Bitcoin is a safe investment," Johnson says.There have been plenty of skeptics about bitcoin during its popular but volatile rise, from former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke to J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, to users who were burned by the bankruptcy of bitcoin exchange Mount Gox and the ensuing plunge in prices.The predilection among criminals to use the peer-to-peer currency, as well as its place outside traditional banking systems and regulations, has stymied some of its advocates' best-laid plans. In March, the Securities and Exchange Commission rejected a proposal for the first exchange-traded fund that would track bitcoin's price, citing the currency's unregulated market.But global demand has offset those concerns.After Japanese regulators introduced rules this spring that recognize bitcoin as a legal method of payment, investors flocked to swap yen for bitcoin in a frenzy of trading activity.In China, analysts attribute a spike in bitcoin sales to a significant drop in the difference in bitcoin prices between U.S. and Chinese exchanges.Companies and governments are embracing the currency for several reasons: It's easy to transfer overseas without  high surcharges; it offers simple, anonymous transactions online; and it is supported by a secure digital infrastructure."It doesn't surprise me at all that the price of bitcoin has been bid up," says Perianne Boring, president of the Chamber of Digital Commerce. "(Crypto-currencies) Ethereum and Ripple are also surging strongly.""The run-up in value isn't what's important -- it's the fact that it has the potential to be a whole new kind of currency on the planet," says Mark Johnson, a longtime bitcoin investor who is CEO of Descartes Labs, which analyzes complex satellite images.Much of the attention around bitcoin has centered on its use by criminal enterprises, the latest being the demand of ransom -- via bitcoin payment -- from WannaCry, the group behind the worldwide hack that reached 150 countries this month.That may be changing as the price of bitcoin continues its ascent, validating Web browser pioneer and venture capitalist Marc Andreessen's prediction in 2014 that blockchain had the potential to become a multibillion-dollar technological breakthrough.Boost VC was the first fund to back a bitcoin-related start-up, Coinbase, in 2012, says Adam Draper, managing director of Boost.Today it backs more than 60 blockchain- and bitcoin-related start-ups "because I trust bitcoin more than I trust my bank," Draper says. Graphic photo the Bitcoin Symbol projectLoad-Date: May 23, 2017End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 10 of 98WB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Notifies Investors of a Class Action Involving Weibo Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of August 2....  Page 12 of 98WB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of Commencement of a Class Action Involving Weibo Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadl....  Page 14 of 98WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 in Weibo Corporation to Contact the Firm  Page 16 of 98WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Weibo Corporation To Contact The Firm  Page 18 of 98WEIBO LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Weibo Corporation To Contact The Firm  Page 21 of 98Global Wafer Inspection Equipment Market - Size, Projections, Drivers, Trends, Vendors, and Analysis Through 2021 by Technavio  Page 28 of 98Stock Analysts' Upgrades for July, 18th (ACHN, ACXM, ARE, BECN, CENX, CSCO, CTTAY, DKS, DOV, DXCM)  Page 30 of 98Top Leadership of ViaSat, ResMed, Qualcomm, DLA Piper join EvoNexus Board of Directors  Page 32 of 98Kiwa Bio-Tech 2017 First Quarter Sales Results Exceed Projections  Page 34 of 98North Korea activity at nuclear site in progress, report says  Page 36 of 98CHINA SHUTTERS DOZENS OF ENTERTAINMENT NEWS ACCOUNTS IN SOCIAL MEDIA CRACKDOWN  Page 38 of 98APeJ IT, Business Services Expected to Reach US$ 105 Billion in 2017, IDC Reports  Page 41 of 98Infiniti Research Analyzes the Market for Sustainable Packaging Opportunities  Page  of RUSSIA: VPN BAN IS A MAJOR BLOW TO INTERNET FREEDOM  Page 44 of 98Russia: VPN Ban Is Major Blow to Internet Freedom  Page 47 of 98Equities Research Analysts' Updated EPS Estimates for April, 10th (ABT, C, CAKE, CGX, DECK, ETFC, GASNF, GOOS, HAS, MEOH)  Page 50 of 98How Qualcomm Can Make Big Money From Cheap Phones  Page 53 of 98Fusion Splicer Market by Offering (Hardware (Sheath Clamps, Electrodes, Electric ARC, CO2 Laser, Cleaver and Stripper), and Software & Services), Alignment Type....  Page 56 of 98More Wells Fargo clawbacks; blockchain hype tempered  Page 58 of 98US Defense Official: North Korea May Be Preparing Another Missile Test Launch  Page 60 of 98US Defense Official: North Korea May Be Preparing Another Missile Test Launch  Page 63 of 98Asia Animation Industry Strategies, Trends and Opportunities Report 2017: Increasing Focus Towards Production of Local Animation  Page 70 of 98Missouri Journalism Scholars to Present More Than 75 Papers at International Conference  Page 72 of 98Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago, Irv Leavitt column  Page 74 of 98Committee of 100 Releases White Paper Analyzing Economic Espionage Act Cases; Findings Show Asians Accused of Spying Twice as Likely to be Innocent  Page 88 of 98Global Cellular Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Modules Industry  Page 90 of 98WanXin & E-Link Partner for PC Games  Page 93 of 98Electric Car Technology and Forecasts 2017-2027  Page 96 of 98As Amazon, Microsoft and Google Keep Taking Cloud Share, Rivals Are Learning to Specialize  Page 98 of 98Bitcoin hits record $2,000 - and rising; Global demand has offset concerns about its use by hackers  