Date and Time: Monday, April 12, 2021 2:08:00 PM EDTJob Number: 141225386Documents (7)1. New Colombia Resources Inc. Provides Update on Metallurgical Coal Mining Operations and Recent US$ 90 Million Purchase Order;Company begins to move equipment on site for rock crushing operationsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2017 to Mar 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications,Magazines & Journals; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications2. Chengdu Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone (Chengdu Hi-tech Zone) : Investing USD 730 Million to Attract Global TalentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2017 to Mar 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications,Magazines & Journals; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications3. Alibaba's Ma: Olympics deal will help fight counterfeitingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2017 to Mar 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications,Magazines & Journals; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications4. Alibaba's Ma: Olympics deal will help fight counterfeitingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2017 to Mar 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications,Magazines & Journals; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications5. DOJ charges Russian officers for hacking e-mail accountsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2017 to Mar 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications,Magazines & Journals; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications6. HKTDC Education & Careers Expo OpensClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2017 to Mar 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications,Magazines & Journals; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications7. 3 Hot Stocks to Buy in JanuaryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2017 to Mar 31, 2017; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications,Magazines & Journals; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications

New Colombia Resources Inc. Provides Update on Metallurgical Coal Mining Operations and Recent US$ 90 Million Purchase Order; Company begins to move equipment on site for rock crushing operationsMarketwiredJanuary 31, 2017 Tuesday 4:42 AM GMTCopyright 2017 Marketwire, L.P. All Rights ReservedLength: 906 wordsDateline: BARRANQUILLA, COLOMBIA; Jan 31, 2017Body  New Colombia Resources, Inc. (OTC PINK: NEWC) ("New Colombia or the 'Company"), a Colombian company listed in the U.S. with premium metallurgical coal properties and medical marijuana operations, is pleased to provide an update on their metallurgical coal mining operations. Earlier this month, they announced the signing of a US$ 90 Million purchase agreement for metallurgical coal with American Steel Industries, LLC (ASI) of Philadelphia, PA, a joint venture partner with a Chinese Government owned Multi-Billion Dollar Commodities and Steel Trading Company. ASI has been exporting steel from China for the past 12 years and is one of its largest steel exporters; for more information about ASI, visit www.asi-steel.comDeliveries loaded at the port in Colombia for shipment to South China in 2017 will be as follows: --  April- 60,000 tonnes --  May- 40,000 tonnes --  June- 40,000 tonnes --  July-December- 60,000 tonnes/month In November 2016, New Colombia Resources entered into a joint venture agreement to operate metallurgical coal Concession Contract JC3-15231 located in the municipality of Zulia approximately 25 km from Cucuta, Colombia. Engineers have been onsite since early December updating the Work Plan and Environmental Management Plan for a 10,000 tonne/month operation and have determined that production costs will drop from US $30 to $25/tonne at this capacity. For a copy of the Work Plan, Environmental License, mining title, reserve report, SGS Coal Analysis, and pictures of the stock yard, click here https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BxSKP5j2FlsecVJUeGhJYTFwRGcAs the Company gears up to bring this mine to production, they plan to source coal for the first shipment in April and are analyzing several proposals from suppliers that provide significant margins based on the price agreed with ASI. Once the San Gregorio mine is producing 10,000 tonnes/month, they will still need to source the remaining balance of coal needed to fulfill the contract.New Colombia Resources is also developing mining concessions in Guaduas, Cundinamarca where they control close to 4000 hectares of metallurgical coal concession contracts. Their first contract in Guaduas, ILE-09551, has an approved Work Plan for coal and is awaiting approval of the addition of building materials to begin operations. Approval is expected shortly; therefore they have begun plans to move equipment on site. Their rock crushing plant can produce 1000 m3/day to provide material to the biggest road projects in Colombia within 3 miles of the company's mining operations. New Colombia is also making plans to start producing coal on this property with several foreign companies that have done site visits. They're analyzing the best partner and will make announcements accordingly.In addition to mining, New Colombia Resources has a medical marijuana joint venture, Sannabis of Cali, Colombia, that has been legally manufacturing medical marijuana products since 2014. Company President John Campo was in Cali last week with a film crew from the U.S. filming a documentary. They will be providing a detailed update of Sannabis operations in the coming days. To view or purchase Sannabis products visit www.sannabis.co. Follow Sannabis on Facebook for photos and testimonials at            https://www.facebook.com/sannabis.cannamedicinalNew Colombia Resources, Inc.New Colombia Resources, Inc. owns vast reserves of premium metallurgical coal mining titles and a medical marijuana joint venture in the Republic of Colombia. They are setting up a rock mining operation to supply the major road and infrastructure projects within miles of their properties. They own 100% of La Tabaquera metallurgical coal mine in Colombia with an estimated 15-17 million tonnes of reserves. They have an additional 1196 ha. metallurgical coal mining title that they are negotiating to develop with a foreign entity to build a coal fired power plant. New Colombia Resources holds a significant position in Sannabis SAS which legally produces medical marijuana products in the Republic of Colombia, visit www.sannabis.co. For more information on the Company visit            www.newcolombiaresources.comForward Looking StatementsForward Looking Statements; This Press Release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. A statement containing works such as "anticipate," "seek," intend," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "project," "plan," or similar phrases may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some or all of the events or results anticipated by these forward-looking statements might not occur. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include financing, the future U.S. and global economies, the impact of competition, and the Company's reliance on existing regulations. New Colombia Resources, Inc. does not undertake any duty nor does it intend to update the results of these forward-looking statements. Company/Media Contact: New Colombia Resources, Inc. John Campo President/Chairman  (1)-410-236-8200 USA (57) 318-657-0918 Colombia jcampo@newcolombiaresources.com SOURCE: New Colombia Resources, Inc. Company/Media Contact: New Colombia Resources, Inc. John Campo President/Chairman  (1)-410-236-8200 USA (57) 318-657-0918 Colombia jcampo@newcolombiaresources.comLoad-Date: February 1, 2017End of Document

Chengdu Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone (Chengdu Hi-tech Zone) : Investing USD 730 Million to Attract Global TalentPR NewswireFebruary 9, 2017 Thursday 9:02 PM ESTCopyright 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 799 wordsDateline: CHENGDU, China, Feb. 9, 2017 BodyOn February 5, 2017, Chengdu Hi-tech Zone, hailed as the "Silicon Valley of western China," announced its plan to raise the intensity and magnitude of its talent-recruitment endeavor. By the end of 2020, Chengdu Hi-tech Zone will have invested an accumulated RMB 5 billion (approximately USD 730 million) to entice and recruit talent from around the globe, while another USD 1.46 billion will be newly added to augment the competitiveness of its scientific and technological innovation system.Spurred by the Chinese economy's long-term and sustained growth and China's continuous increase in investment in high and new technology segment, a rising amount of international talent is flocking to the central cities of China. Of note, this influx of worldwide human resources is not only limited to first tier cities like Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou; as a substantial portion have opted for "China's new first-tier" cities like Chengdu in the western part of the country, while hi-tech industrial parks have become a focal point for a large number of global talent.Gan Lijun, in charge of the human resources department at Chengdu Hi-tech Zone, explained that this year the zone will continue reinforcing cooperation with global innovation hubs such as Silicon Valley, Tel Aviv and Sophie Antipolis. In particular, actions will be taken to strengthen the establishment of an offshore overseas talent base, create mass entrepreneurship spaces and offshore incubators with overseas "pre-incubation" functionality, and fortify exchanges with world-class educational institutions like Harvard University and Stanford University, so as to "emphatically promote reform on the science and technology supply side, and attract talent from across the globe".On December 30 last year, J. Michael Bishop Institute of Cancer Research was officially founded in Chengdu Hi-tech Zone, with J. Michael Bishop being the fourth Nobel Prize laureate to establish a presence in this area. Previously, Jack Szostak, Karl Barry Sharpless and John Gurdon, three other Nobel laureates, have already been genuinely attracted to Chengdu Hi-tech Zone and have all set up research institutes in the region to conduct and facilitate cutting-edge technical exchanges and science and technology project collaboration.Top-notch talent continually injects vitality into technical innovation here. In 2016, a team led by Prof. Tang Yujian, one of the foremost global experts in regenerative medicine, changed the course of development in regenerative medicine as they successfully transplanted into a rhesus macaque monkey a blood vessel fabricated from their independently researched and developed 3D printer. Li Jin, who stayed in the United Kingdom for 27 years and has acted as an executive at a leading pharmaceutical company for almost a decade, came to Chengdu and founded Chengdu HitGen Development Co., Ltd., which has become China's number one and the world's fourth-ranked medicine screening and filtering "seed bank". On January 10 this year, IDEALENS company from Chengdu Hi-tech Zone participated in the International Consumer Electronics Show held in Las Vegas by invitation, and showcased to global VR industry giants myriad leading-edge VR technological innovations that have garnered widespread attention.Although situated in inland China, the level of development of Chengdu Hi-tech Zone stands shoulder to shoulder with those in the Chinese coastal region. According the latest data, in 2016 Chengdu Hi-tech Zone has GDP per capita exceeding USD 30,000; attracted a total of 12,700 science and technology companies and an accumulated 83,000 companies, of which more than a thousand are foreign funded enterprises and 115 are Fortune Global 500 companies; and realized about USD 23 billion in total trade.At present, China is dedicating much of its effort to supporting the growth of "new economies," and as such Chengdu Hi-tech Zone has been tasked with more "national missions," and confirmed as a "national independent innovation model area," "comprehensive innovation reform trial area" and a core zone of the "free trade trial area". Meanwhile, the Chinese central government has upgraded the city of Chengdu to the status of "national central city" and assigned it the new objective of becoming the "science and technology center of western China". Chengdu Hi-tech Zone is the pillar that underpins Chengdu's endeavor in building a national central city and has amassed the interest of an increasing number of international talent.To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chengdu-hi-tech-industrial-development-zone-chengdu-hi-tech-zone--investing-usd-730-million-to-attract-global-talent-300405495.htmlSOURCE Chengdu High-tech Industrial Development ZoneCONTACT: Wang Yan, +86-028-85184077, 779293957@qq.comLoad-Date: February 10, 2017End of Document

Alibaba's Ma: Olympics deal will help fight counterfeitingAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 19, 2017 Thursday 2:43 PM GMTCopyright 2017 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS NEWSLength: 204 wordsDateline: DAVOS, Switzerland BodyDAVOS, Switzerland (AP) - Alibaba chief Jack Ma says he hopes a new accord with Olympics officials will help fight counterfeiting, as the e-commerce giant seeks to repair its image after being deemed a "notorious" market for fakes by the U.S. government.The Chinese billionaire and International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach announced Thursday a partnership to run through 2028 in which Alibaba will support the $500 million Olympic Channel in China, among other things.Ma said at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that the partnership can help find out "exactly" who authorized vendors are. He said Alibaba has "the largest anti-counterfeit team in the world."Bach said that having a centralized platform could help fight counterfeiting.The U.S. Trade Representative last month said Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao sells many counterfeit goods.Alibaba now has current sponsor deals with the IOC and FIFA, joining Coca-Cola, McDonalds and Visa as partners of both Switzerland-based organizations.In December 2015, Alibaba E-Auto announced an eight-year deal to be title sponsor of FIFA's Club World Cup. That tournament is due to be revamped amid speculation future editions will be hosted in China.Load-Date: January 20, 2017End of Document

Alibaba's Ma: Olympics deal will help fight counterfeitingAssociated Press Financial WireJanuary 19, 2017 Thursday 2:42 PM GMTCopyright 2017 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 204 wordsDateline: DAVOS, Switzerland BodyDAVOS, Switzerland (AP) - Alibaba chief Jack Ma says he hopes a new accord with Olympics officials will help fight counterfeiting, as the e-commerce giant seeks to repair its image after being deemed a "notorious" market for fakes by the U.S. government.The Chinese billionaire and International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach announced Thursday a partnership to run through 2028 in which Alibaba will support the $500 million Olympic Channel in China, among other things.Ma said at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that the partnership can help find out "exactly" who authorized vendors are. He said Alibaba has "the largest anti-counterfeit team in the world."Bach said that having a centralized platform could help fight counterfeiting.The U.S. Trade Representative last month said Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao sells many counterfeit goods.Alibaba now has current sponsor deals with the IOC and FIFA, joining Coca-Cola, McDonalds and Visa as partners of both Switzerland-based organizations.In December 2015, Alibaba E-Auto announced an eight-year deal to be title sponsor of FIFA's Club World Cup. That tournament is due to be revamped amid speculation future editions will be hosted in China.Load-Date: January 20, 2017End of Document

DOJ charges Russian officers for hacking e-mail accountsLegal Monitor WorldwideMarch 16, 2017 ThursdayCopyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 346 wordsBody(JURIST) - The US Department of Justice (DOJ) announced the indictments of four Russian individuals in connection with hacking e-mail accounts on Wednesday. The DOJ indicted two members of the Russian intelligence agency FSB as well as two conspirators who allegedly performed the hacks. The four indicted individuals are FSB officers Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, as well as hired hackers Alexsey Blean and Karim Baratov. The indictment includes charges of hacking, wire fraud, trade secret theft and espionage. The US does not have an extradition treaty with Russia, but these charges and potential sanctions are hoped to be a deterrent if the DOJ is unable to obtain the four individuals. The charges relate to the 2014 Yahoo hack concerning more than 500 million Yahoo user accounts. The FBI has been investigating the individuals behind the 2014 hack for almost two years.Possible hackings and data breaches have caused serious concern in recent years. In January a group of 10 US Senators introduced legislation aimed at implementing mandatory sanctions against Russia for its involvement in cyber hacking during the 2016 presidential election. In December the Manhattan US Attorney announced charges against three foreign nationals for insider trading, wire fraud, intentional damage, unlawful access and related conspiracy acts. In October 2015, at the request of US government officials, Chinese authorities arrested individual hackers that allegedly misappropriated commercial secrets from US firms with the intention to sell proprietary information to state-owned entities within the the People`s Republic of China. Earlier that year the US Securities and Exchange Commission indicted an international web of hackers and traders who stole information from press releases prior to publication and traded on said information, making over $100 million in illegal profits. Also in 2015 the DOJ unsealed the indictment of a Turkish man for allegedly organizing three cyber-attacks that led to an estimated $55 million in global losses. 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide.Load-Date: March 16, 2017End of Document

HKTDC Education & Careers Expo OpensTargeted News ServiceFebruary 23, 2017 Thursday 4:09 AM  ESTCopyright 2017 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1328 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WANCHAI, Hong Kong BodyThe Hong Kong Trade Development Council issued the following news release:The 27th HKTDC Education & Careers Expo opened to the public free of charge today at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre. The four-day event continues through 26 February and gathers more than 860 organisations from 22 countries and regions, including educational institutions, consulting firms, government departments as well as private enterprises to showcase a wealth of information on further studies, continuous education and job opportunities.Eddie Ng, Secretary for Education, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) Government, officiated the opening ceremony this morning. He said the annual expo has established itself as a premier event providing the public with comprehensive and updated information on further studies, training and career openings. He added that the event also echoes government policy of providing diversified and flexible pathways for students. Speaking one day after the government unveiled its 2017/18 Budget, Mr Ng said, "Government investment in education ranks the highest among all policy areas; for every five dollars we spend, we spend one on education." He also pledged to launch various measures for students and job seekers to help pave the way for their future.Margaret Fong, Executive Director, HKTDC, noted that the expo continues to feature education and career theme days, providing students and job seekers with valuable information on further education and employment trends. She added that various seminars and activities are organised to evaluate job prospects in different industries and help young people to identify careers that best suit their talent and interests.Brand new career theme days cater to industry needsResponding to human resources needs of different industries, the expo features four career theme days spotlighting employment demand and trends of various sectors.The Tech & Innovation theme day (23 February) explores the trends in digital technology and research and development, areas that the government has been actively promoting in recent years. In addition to expert insights from industry representatives about the application of innovation technology in the commercial sector and aviation industry, the Vocational Training Centre (VTC) is showcasing some of the latest innovative projects jointly developed by its teachers and students. These include a smart drying rack that combines automatic sensors and a mobile app. Visitors can also get hands-on experience of the latest interactive technology such as controlling robots via smart devices and testing their skills in virtual reality (VR) games.A series of seminars highlighting opportunities in the creative sectors such as digital games, film, performing arts, fine arts, design, architecture and media are organised under the Arts theme day (24 February).With various large-scale infrastructure projects underway in Hong Kong, the industry is constantly seeking new talent. As such, the ever-popular Electrical & Mechanical theme day (25 February) returns to the expo. Formed by the Electrical Mechanical Services Department along with 18 related organisatons that include CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd, MTR Corporation Ltd and the Water Supplies Department, The Hong Kong E&M Trade Promotion Working Group explores industry prospects, provides information on training programmes and offers job opportunities on-site.Organised with the Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, the events on the Startup theme day (26 February) target young people who want to start their own businesses. Representatives from online stores, cafes and other businesses will share their stories and explore startup opportunities and challenges with visitors. Among them, founders of Y Cocktail & Mocktail and local artisanal beer brewery Mak's Beer will talk about their entrepreneurial journeys tomorrow (24 February).2,300 vacancies via on-site recruitmentVarious government departments and public and private sector organisations are accepting on-the-spot job applications with over 2,300 job vacancies are expected to be offered, including those in the Police Force, Fire Services Department, Hong Kong Airport Authority, Aviation Security Company Ltd and Centaline Property Agency Ltd. Job seekers should bring their resumes for on-the-spot job application.To prepare students for employment, the Youth Zone offers information on internships and employment opportunities. Besides, representatives from the Labour Department are on hand to provide information on mainland jobs and overseas working holiday programmes, as well as the Youth Employment and Training Programme, which is designed to support local youth employment.A one-stop career information hubThe expo's education theme days spotlight the Chinese mainland (23 February), Japan (24 February), Europe (25 February) and Australia and New Zealand (26 February). Representatives from these countries will provide the latest updates on overseas study opportunities. Visitors can learn about admission procedures, entry requirements and campus life by attending thematic activities and seminars.Due to keen interest in studying in Japan, the inaugural Japan theme day offers information on admission requirements of Japanese educational institutions and government scholarships.Regarding the Chinese mainland, the Scheme for Admission of Hong Kong Students to Mainland Higher Education Institutions covers 90 mainland higher education institutions, including Tsinghua University and Peking University. Representatives from the Office of the China Education Exchange (HK) Centre are ready to talk about trends and opportunities for further studies on the mainland.The newly launched "International Exchange Village" gathers various Consulate General (CG) offices and officially recognised bodies. Together, they provide visitors with a range of information and offer consultations on studying and working abroad. Participating CG offices include Hungary, Korea, Mexico, Sweden and South Africa, as well as countries along the "Belt and Road" such as Bangladesh, Cambodia, Czech Republic, Iran and the Philippines. Students can explore education and exchange opportunities in these countries.Other organisations such as VTC, Hang Seng Management College, The Open University of Hong Kong and Hong Kong Shue Yan University are available to discuss their respective curricula. Education programmes on arts and creative industries are also available via the Arts Education Section of Education Bureau, Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts and Baron School of Music, offering students more channels to pursue their studies.Celebrity sharing on job experiencesAbout 100 activities are organised throughout the expo, featuring further education and industry trends. Renowned speakers include Chairman of Hong Kong's Commission on Youth Lau Ming-wai (23 February) discussing the challenges of finding the right career path; media veteran Stephen Chan (24 February) and chairman of a digital game company Sze Yan-ngai (24 February) explaining technology, media, arts and giving advice on ways to turn personal interests into careers; and Hong Kong Jockey Club apprentice jockey Kei Chiong (25 February) will share her experience of chasing her dream to become a jockey.Other seminar highlights include practical tips on taking IELTS examinations as well as the Chinese skills in preparation for the Diploma of Secondary Education hosted by Dr Au Yeung Wai-hoo ("Ben Sir"), Senior Lecturer at the Chinese Language and Literature Department of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, and Yan Yuk-ki, author and consultant for the 5 Stars Chinese Compositions Series. A series of seminars on working holidays are also organised to present the application requirements and types of work available in Japan, Germany, France and other countries and regions.Copyright Targeted News ServicesAutoTriage6yd-5787363 AutoTriage6ydLoad-Date: February 24, 2017End of Document

3 Hot Stocks to Buy in JanuaryThe Daily Cardinal: University of Wisconsin - MadisonJanuary 26, 2017 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2017 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 922 wordsBodyWith the market at historic highs, many cautious investors are probably looking for undervalued stocks instead of chasing hot multibaggers from last year. But investors should remember that many "hot stocks" delivered triple-digit returns for clear reasons, and those catalysts could propel them to new highs this year.Let's take a look at three hot stocks which investors might still consider buying this month --Weibo (NASDAQ: WB),NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA), andMicron Technology (NASDAQ: MU).Image source: Getty Images.Weibo is often called "China'sTwitter (NYSE: TWTR)", but the Chinese microblogging network crushes its American counterpart in terms of users, revenue, and profit growth.Weibo's monthly active users (MAUs) rose 34% annually to 297 million last quarter, and its revenue climbed 42% to $176.9 million. It's also highly profitable -- its non-GAAP earnings soared 147% to $54.6 million, and its GAAP earnings surged 122% to $32.1 million. Wall Street expects Weibo's revenue and non-GAAP earnings to respectively rise 36% and 138% this year.By comparison, Twitter's MAUs rose just 3% annually to 317 million last quarter, and its revenue rose just 8%. Its non-GAAP earnings improved 37%, but it remains unprofitable on a GAAP basis. While Twitter sluggishly added new features and added products for consumers and advertisers that missed the mark, Weibo quickly evolved by dropping archaic character limits, reaching out to small and medium sized businesses, and expanding a popular live streaming platform that lets viewers buy virtual gifts for their favorite broadcasters.Weibo rallied nearly 200% over the past 12 months, and isn't cheap at 127 times earnings. But looking ahead, Weibo trades at just 38 times next year's earnings -- which indicates that the stock could keep climbing this year.NVIDIA crushed the market with a 280% rally over the past 12 months, but the high-growth chipmaker continues firing on all cylinders. Its core gaming GPU business sidestepped the slowdown in worldwide PC shipments as gamers upgraded their aging systems to play new games, and demand for its higher-end data center GPUs rose as they were installed for machine learning purposes. NVIDIA's Tegra CPU, which never gained a foothold in smartphones, also found a new home in the infotainment and navigation systems of higher-end cars.Image source: NVIDIA.All those positive catalysts enabled NVIDIA to post double-digit annual revenue growth for four straight quarters. Its revenue surged 54% annually to $2 billion last quarter, and analysts expect its revenue and earnings to respectively grow 37% and 123% this year. Those growth figures easily justify the stock's trailing P/E of 71 and forward P/E of 40.The two biggest threats to NVIDIA areAMD's next-gen Vega GPUs, which could steal market share away from its flagship GeForce cards, and the expiration of a graphics cross-licensing agreement withIntel which contributes $66 million in "free" revenues per quarter.That's why analysts believe that NVIDIA's revenue and earnings will only grow 16% and 12% respectively next year. However, I believe that NVIDIA's investments in connected cars, its design win in theNintendo Switch, and rising demand for its data center GPUs could counter those near-term threats.It might seem odd that shares of memory maker Micron doubled over the past 12 months. Its quarterly revenue had fallen year-over-year for six straight quarters before finally rebounding 19% to $3.97 billion last quarter. Its non-GAAP earnings rose 33% to $0.32 during that quarter, but only after it posted non-GAAP losses in the previous three quarters.The reason is that Micron is a cyclical stock. Demand for Micron's DRAM and NAND chips was sluggish last year due to the slowdown in PC sales, the commoditization of the mobile device market, and a global glut of memory chips driving down prices. But those trends reversed at the end of 2016, with many major device makers mentioning a shortage of memory chips and a spike in prices.That's why analysts believe Micron's revenue will rise 42% this year as its non-GAAP earnings skyrocket from $0.06 per share last year to $2.42. Based on those forecasts, the stock is trading at just 8 times forward earnings -- indicating that it could climb much further this year.I believe that Weibo, NVIDIA, and Micron still have room to run, but investors should clearly understand the risks. Weibo could crash on a slowdown in the Chinese economy or a government crackdown on "inappropriate" messages. NVIDIA could be hurt by a resurgent AMD or challengers in connected cars. Micron could suffer if Chinese chipmakers start flooding the market with cheap memory chips -- as the company warned last December. Therefore, all three stocks are solid growth plays, but investors should do their due diligence before buying any shares.10 stocks we like better than NvidiaWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Nvidia wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.Click here to learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of January 4, 2017Leo Sun owns shares of Weibo. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia and Twitter. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and Weibo. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.Load-Date: January 17, 2018End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 5 of 15New Colombia Resources Inc. Provides Update on Metallurgical Coal Mining Operations and Recent US$ 90 Million Purchase Order; Company begins to move equipment o....  Page 7 of 15Chengdu Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone (Chengdu Hi-tech Zone) : Investing USD 730 Million to Attract Global Talent  Page  of Alibaba's Ma: Olympics deal will help fight counterfeiting  Page  of Alibaba's Ma: Olympics deal will help fight counterfeiting  Page  of DOJ charges Russian officers for hacking e-mail accounts  Page 13 of 15HKTDC Education & Careers Expo Opens  Page 15 of 153 Hot Stocks to Buy in January  