Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 1:19:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142628250Documents (76)1. The global surface mount technology (SMT) carrier tape market size is expected to reach USD 144.0 million by 2025Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology2. LianLian Pay attends the 4th Shoptalk in Las Vegas;LianLian Pay CEO Pan Guodong shares his concern: the accelerating development of e-commerce has increased the challenges sellers face.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology3. Market Participants Hold Their Collective Breath Ahead of Apple EarningsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology4. Optimism About Trade May Generate Continued Buying InterestClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology5. China, US open trade talks as Beijing says exports reboundClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology6. Xinjiang human rights activist Serikzhan Bilash arrested by Kazakhstan police, lawyer saysClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology7. The Impact of the US Action Against Fujian Jinhua and UMC, 2019 ReportClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology8. SCIENTISTS IDENTIFY BIOLOGICAL INVASION HOTSPOTS FOR PROMOTING THE GREEN DEVELOPMENT OF THE BELT AND ROAD INITIATIVEClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology9. Pacific Securities commits to 10 billion RMB underwriting of Underwriting for NTC Electric City Bus TransactionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology10. Pacific Securities commits to 10 billion RMB underwriting of Underwriting for NTC Electric City Bus TransactionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology11. Federal prosecutors are leading a criminal investigation into Huawei and allegations that it stole trade secrets from US companiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology12. Germany to require suppliers of 5G networks be 'trustworthy'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology13. OEMs Invest in Real-time Contextual Navigation Services to Catalyse Future GrowthClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology14. OEMs Invest in Real-time Contextual Navigation Services to Catalyse Future GrowthClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology15. Bay Street Seen Opening On Mixed NoteClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology16. Satellogic Signs Agreement with CGWIC to Launch Earth Observation Constellation of 90 Satellites;Long March-6 rockets will deliver Satellogic's spacecraft to LEO in a series of dedicated launchesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology17. APAC Electric Charging Station Market to Surpass US$ 3,785.8 Million by 2026Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology18. EV fever: I just don't get itClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology19. Facebook's 'pivot' is less about privacy and more about profitsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology20. MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The FirmClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology21. MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The FirmClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology22. MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The FirmClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology23. Risen Energy's 40MW photovoltaic power station project in Kazakhstan connects to the grid;The facility is expected to drive the growth of clean energy in the Central Asian countryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology24. Natural Health Trends Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Preliminary Revenue EstimatesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology25. Participated in ISPO Beijing, Secoo Expands Premium Sport BusinessClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology26. Global Factory Automation & Industrial Controls Market Growth, Trends, and Forecasts Report 2019-2024Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology27. Global Factory Automation & Industrial Controls Markets, 2019-2024 - Increased Adoption of Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine- to-Machine Technologies - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology28. Huawei plays offensively to win supporters in the USClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology29. The stock market starts off 2019 with more turbulenceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology30. Trump expected to sign order prioritizing AI research spendingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology31. Trump expected to sign order prioritizing AI research spendingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology32. Ferguson, Nye discuss modern challenges to democracyeval(ez_write_tag([[728,90],'stanforddaily_com-box-3','ezslot_0']));Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology33. Germany launches auction for 5G network frequenciesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology34. Germany launches auction for 5G network frequenciesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology35. The Real Money Post Industrial Average Continues to SoarClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology36. Chileans Most Worried About Their Internet PrivacyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology37. Supercomputer Simulations Reveal New Insight on Sea Fog DevelopmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology38. SUPERCOMPUTER SIMULATIONS REVEAL NEW INSIGHT ON SEA FOG DEVELOPMENTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology39. Tencent win; Oil rises; Starbucks on ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology40. Apple buys 10% more from US suppliers in 2018Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology41. Tech, Media & Telecom Trends 2019: Emerging Technologies will Continue to Cause Significant Disruption - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology42. 5 things to know for March 7: House Dems, Huawei, Trudeau, Facebook, Alex TrebekClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology43. 5 things to know for March 7: House Dems, Huawei, Trudeau, Facebook, Alex TrebekClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology44. Commodities Rose on Tightening Crude Oil Inventories and Higher Demand Expectations for MetalsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology45. Global Semiconductor Intellectual Property Market to 2024 by Design IP, IP Source, Vertical and RegionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology46. Trade war delaying Chinese automaker's US plansClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology47. Trade war delaying Chinese automaker's US plansClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology48. Here's How I'd Play Boeing, Though Delta Might Be a Better OptionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology49. The global smart transformer market is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of about 9.10% during the forecast years of 2019-2027Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology50. Bullish SunTrust Previews Alibaba's Q3 PrintClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology51. Real Money Post-Industrial Average Records 7% Gain So Far in 2019Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology52. The semiconductor IP market is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2018 to USD 6.5 billion by 2024, at a CAGR of 4.78%Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology53. RECON: ROCHE, AC IMMUNE HALT TWO LATE-STAGE ALZHEIMER'S TRIALSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology54. US, China extend talks on trade battle for 3rd dayClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology55. Huawei founder breaks silence for the first time since 2015Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology56. Anitoa Introduces Android Apps for Portable Maverick 4-Channel qPCR Systems;Completes 64 Tests Simultaneously in 30-min for On-site TestsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology57. Extra Innings: Esports offers promising futureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology58. The Family Weekly: Inside the Lives of Child Instagram InfluencersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology59. Urban Air Mobility Market To Reach USD 7.9 Billion By 2030 | Reports And DataClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology60. What to Make of Amazon's Big Content Bets - Tech CheckClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology61. 7 ag stories you might have missed this week - March 1, 2019Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology62. 7 ag stories you might have missed this week - March 1, 2019Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology63. Stronger Growth in Tourism Expected This Year After a Weak 2018Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology64. The IoT Long Game; The Next Ten Years of Market Development;Mobile Experts releases a complete look at the Cellular IoT market through 2029Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology65. SFS Alum Wins Prestigious Schwarzman ScholarshipClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology66. InterSystems IRIS for Health Empowers MediWay Technology to Accelerate the Digital Transformation of Healthcare in China;Scalable and Interoperable iMedical Cloud Healthcare Information System Supports Regional Collaboration, Information Sharing, and Increased Use of Big DataClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology67. InterSystems IRIS for Health Empowers MediWay Technology to Accelerate the Digital Transformation of Healthcare in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology68. Business HighlightsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology69. Huobi Group Eyes Possible Expansion In Argentina;Huobi Group Founder Leon Li recently met with senior Argentinian finance officials to discuss the role blockchain could play in that country's future.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology70. Display Driver Market Worth $9.1 Billion by 2023 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets(TM)Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology71. Courtrooms to canola fields: Huawei-US tensions span globeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology72. Courtrooms to canola fields: Huawei-US tensions span globeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology73. US warns Hungary, other allies to shun business with HuaweiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology74. US warns Hungary, other allies to shun business with HuaweiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology75. The 10 biggest risks that threaten the world in 2019Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology76. Huawei's chairman brazened it out among world leaders at Davos, talking up 5G while the company faces a criminal probeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsTimeline: Jan 01, 2019 to Mar 31, 2019; Location: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology

The global surface mount technology (SMT) carrier tape market size is expected to reach USD 144.0 million by 2025PR NewswireJanuary 24, 2019 Thursday 4:15 PM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 768 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, Jan. 24, 2019 BodyPR NewswireSurface Mount Technology (SMT) Carrier Tape Market Size And Forecast, By Product (Plastic SMT Tape, Paper SMT Tape), By Application (Consumer Electronics, Communication, Healthcare, Automotive, Industrial) And Trend Analysis, 2015 - 2025Read the full report:https://www.reportlinker.com/p05727595The global surface mount technology (SMT) carrier tape market size is expected to reach USD 144.0 million by 2025. Increasing demand for electronic components in the manufacturing sector including automotive, consumer electronics, medical devices, and industrial automation is expected to boost the market growth in near future. Furthermore, increasing preference for Electric Vehicles (EVs) in major economies including Germany and China on account of rising concerns regarding harmful emissions is expected to fuel the demand for passive components, thereby augmenting market growth. Raw materials, such as, paper and thermoplastics including polycarbonate and polystyrene are used to manufacture SMT tapes. Crude oil is expected to remain one of the key commodities used in plastic production.Fluctuating crude oil prices are expected to put additional pressure on plastic manufacturers. Furthermore, the prices of raw materials, especially, pulp and paper is increasing at a steady pace. These factors may hamper the market growth. Asia Pacific leads the global market on account of expanding manufacturing sector in automobiles, consumer electronics, and medical device industries in countries like China, India, Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, and Indonesia. Favorable government policies are supporting electronic component manufacturing, thereby boosting the regional product demand. For instance, the Chinese government provides subsidy to Taiwanese manufacturers if they hire local workers.India is one of the emerging markets for white goods and consumer electronics. The government of India has started programs like Digital India and Make in India, which encourage electronic component manufacturing. The government has also allowed 100% Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) for the Electronics Systems Design & Manufacturing sector, which, in turn, is projected to boost the product demand. Moreover, in July 2018, Samsung announced that it will be expanding its manufacturing unit by investing USD 745.82 million to increase the production capacity from 68 million to 120 million devices. Thus, favorable government initiatives coupled with demand for mobiles and electronic products are expected to propel the demand for SMT carrier tapes in India.The advent of energy-efficient electronic components including passive components due to escalating demand for smart electronic devices is also likely to support market growth. On a global level, the sales of electronic circuit components from exports was estimated to USD 629 billion in 2017. Since 2013, exports of these components increased by 24% for all the exporting countries. Asia led with 86% of the global market share in 2017. Europe held the second position and accounted for around 7.0% market share, while North America held 6.0% of the total market share. Stringent government regulation to reduce carbon footprint and plastic usage is forcing manufacturers to develop biodegradable embossed carrier tape.For instance, in August 2017, 3M introduced polycarbonate carrier 3000 tape, which is a recyclable, carbon-filled thermoplastic polymer film. Furthermore, carrier tape machine manufacturers are adopting integration strategy owing to the increasing demand from healthcare, automotive, and consumer electronic sectors. Moreover, manufacturers are relocating their units in China and Taiwan to reduce production cost. The global SMT carrier tape market is moving towards fragmentation. 3M; Advantek, Inc.; Carrier Tech Precision Co., Ltd.; Taiwan Carrier Tape Enterprise Co., Ltd.; Oji F-Tex Co., Ltd.; ITW ECPS; C-Pak Pte. Ltd.; Laser Tek Taiwan Co., Ltd.; Nihon Matai Co., Ltd.; and Peak International, Ltd. are the prominent companies in the market.Read the full report:           https://www.reportlinker.com/p05727595AboutReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Contact Clare:clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-global-surface-mount-technology-smt-carrier-tape-market-size-is-expected-to-reach-usd-144-0-million-by-2025--300783669.htmlSOURCE ReportlinkerLoad-Date: January 25, 2019End of Document

LianLian Pay attends the 4th Shoptalk in Las Vegas; LianLian Pay CEO Pan Guodong shares his concern: the accelerating development of e-commerce has increased the challenges sellers face.PR NewswireMarch 11, 2019 Monday 10:40 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 637 wordsDateline: LAS VEGAS, March 11, 2019 BodyPR NewswireLianLian Pay, a leading Chinese industry payment and cross-border payment solution provider, attended the 4th Shoptalk held in Las Vegas on March 4.Shoptalk is the world's largest retail and e-commerce innovation conference. This year's event attracted more than 8,400 participants, including top executives from the world's leading companies, among them, Google, Amazon, Facebook, Wal-Mart, Alibaba and jd.com, to discuss the rapid evolution of consumption. A Forbes post recognized the meeting as "the most anticipated retail event of the year."During Shoptalk, many guests discussed the transformation of traditional retail as well as how the transformation influenced the branding process and the application of new technologies in e-commerce. Most of the exhibitors focused on how to provide better services for brand owners and large-scale sellers, as well as how to solve the issue faced by small e-commerce businesses and sellers who do not have the means to find matching resources.LianLian Pay CEO Pan Guodong shared his concern about e-commerce at Shoptalk: the experience is becoming much more consumer-oriented yet many of the processes that sellers have to contend with still depend on traditional methods, and are inefficient and costly, even in China where e-commerce is highly developed. Sellers in the country still need to sign agreements and pay fees offline for dozens of ancillary processes, from order picking, logistics, warehousing and distribution to intellectual property protection and marketing services. Pan believes that the sector is in urgent need of innovation. As a representative company in the payment segment of China's cross-border export e-commerce sector, LianLian Pay feels a responsibility to be a part of the solution.In 2017, LianLian Pay officially launched its cross-border collection solution, providing one-stop cross-border financial services including collection, payment, unified management of multiple stores and VAT payment handling for China's cross-border export e-commerce sellers, supporting settlements in six currencies. As of June 2018, LianLian Pay had served 300,000 cross-border e-commerce export sellers in China, with a total transaction value exceeding 2 trillion yuan (approx. US$300 billion). In the first half of 2018, LianLian Pay handled cross-border transactions surpassing 20 billion yuan (approx. US$3 billion). During the next three years, LianLian Pay plans to invest 3 billion yuan (approx. US$450 million) to expand cross-border businesses and empower 1 million cross-border e-commerce sellers and their service providers and suppliers to build a global cross-border e-commerce service platform.LianLian Pay has labelled its future mission "Digital Empowers the World", which the CEO describes as building a service network connecting global consumers and small and medium-sized businesses through highly innovative financial technologies and services, and becoming a leader in connecting the new capital network globally in the digital era.About LianLian PayLianLian Pay, founded in 2003 with a registered capital of 325 million yuan (approx. US$48 million), is a leading independent third-party payment company in China, a pioneer and leader in the payment solutions sector, as well as a software and high-tech company recognized by the Chinese government as having national importance. After spending years in the research and development of efficient and effective payment processes, LianLian Pay has developed and rolled out a global payment product that holistically brings together mobile payment, cross-border payment, intelligent payment and fintech into one overarching solution. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lianlian-pay-attends-the-4th-shoptalk-in-las-vegas-300809728.htmlSOURCE LianLian PayCONTACT: Liu Chan, PR Manager, Media and Public Relations, +86-571-5607-2600, liuchan@lianlianpay.comLoad-Date: March 12, 2019End of Document

Market Participants Hold Their Collective Breath Ahead of Apple EarningsRealMoneyJanuary 29, 2019 Tuesday 9:27 AM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 955 wordsByline: Kevin CurranHighlight: The iPhone maker is a show-me stock ahead of its fiscal first-quarter resultsBodyApple Inc.  is set to release its fiscal first-quarter earnings after the bell on Tuesday and the anxiety among market participants is palpable.Shares of the Cupertino, California-based tech giant were relatively flat near the open as the market awaits a sign on whether Apple really did call the bottom when it gave investors early insight into the state of its business as the month began.Many will recall that  with a letter to investors detailing the disappointment they were in for with this quarterly report."We can't change macroeconomic conditions, but we are undertaking and accelerating other initiatives to improve our results," Cook commented in the letter. "This is one of a number of steps we are taking to respond."Cook largely blamed China for the light quarter, noting that a slowing economy has produced a contraction in that nation's smartphone market.Apple subsequently lowered expectations for the quarter, reducing revenue guidance to $84 billion. That figure was well below the range of $89 billion to $93 billion it put forth in its previous earnings release and was meaningfully below consensus expectations of $91.49 billion. Apple also tempered margin guidance below consensus.Apple's move to pre-announce its revenue numbers precipitated a spate of price target trimming on Wall Street and a slide in the company's share price to its lowest point in nearly two years and about 35% off its 2018 highs.Given the low expectations for the quarter that ended Dec. 29 and the belief that much of Apple's bad news for that period is now digested, many market participants are looking ahead for Apple's take on the year ahead."The main thing to focus on here is management's guidance for the March quarter as a decline in unit sales and deceleration of Services growth are the main concerns atop investors' minds,"  . Apple is a holding of Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable trust.Signals So FarSo far, signals for unit sales, especially from the semiconductor space, have not been overly encouraging as Apple suppliers such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.  forecast further pain in smartphones driven by persistent weakness of Chinese consumers."Moving into first quarter 2019, we anticipate our business will be dampened by the overall weakening of the macroeconomic outlook, mobile product seasonality and high levels of inventory in the semiconductor supply chain," Taiwan Semiconductor CFO Lora Ho told analysts in a conference call earlier this month from the company's Hsinchu, Taiwan, headquarters.Taiwan Semiconductor made clear the inventory issue is due to lower demand and not a supply glut, and Ho tied it specifically to high-end smartphones such as those manufactured by Apple."I will say it's more due to the sudden throw-up in the demand rather than some hidden inventory that we did not see," CEO C.C. Wei added according to a transcript. "[The] high-end smartphone is one thing, declining demand."Jim Cramer added that even after Apple's pre-release, many unanswered questions remain."There are too many unanswered questions: weakness in China, cellphones a losing category, Qualcomm  a factor, Chinese government subtly suggesting buy Huawei now that it is shut out of the west," Cramer said in outlining a list of impacts motivating further downside risk.The questions about China, which is pivotal for smartphone sales, have not become any clearer, either, as the U.S. Department of Justice chose Monday evening to unveil  .Apple's place as a symbol of America and as rival to the embattled Huawei will certainly not endear it to the Chinese consumers it is trying to coax into buying Apple products.Shift to Services and WearablesIn light of the ceiling on smartphone sales, the onus is on Tim Cook and his executive team to shift the narrative to services and accessories in the view of many analysts, something the company has been trying to do since cutting smartphone forecasts from guidance last November.Services revenue has been a bright spot for the company in its tough times recently, growing to $10.8 billion according to Cook's pre-announcement."Our non-iPhone businesses have less exposure to emerging markets, and the vast majority of Services revenue is related to the size of the installed base, not current period sales," Cook esaid, noting the insulation of the trend from macro risks.He added that Apple will continue to build its services business, which has been signaled already by  and health."You will see us announce new services this year. There will more things coming," Cook said in an interview with Jim Cramer earlier this month. "I believe it'll be material over time."The CEO highlighted health care initiatives in particular as something that can shift the narrative for the company in the long term."I believe, if you zoom out into the future, and you look back, and you ask the question, 'What was Apple's greatest contribution to mankind?,' it will be about health," Cook told Cramer.Apple's agreement with CVS Health  insurance firm Aetna, announced on Tuesday morning, offers something tangible to Cook's vision. (CVS also is a holding of Action Alerts PLUS.)Under that initiative, the Apple Watch, a segment that has been growing alongside wearables such as Air Pods and iPads, will be used to track the activity of users much like the popular FitBit  . The tracking will add to the watch's EKG capability to catch atrial fibrillation and irregular heartbeat for health-conscious consumers.Still,  indicating the shift in the narrative is a sticky one.As shares remain largely flat, the market seems to be indicating that Apple will need to prove itself with its quarterly report before investors are ready to pile back into the stock.Load-Date: January 30, 2019End of Document

Optimism About Trade May Generate Continued Buying InterestCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 18, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1612 wordsBody       The major U.S. index futures are currently pointing to a higher opening on Friday, with stocks likely to extend the upward move seen over the three previous sessions. Optimism about trade talks between the U.S. and China is likely to contribute to continued strength on Wall Street after yesterday's Wall Street Journal report indicating the U.S. is considering lifting tariffs on Chinese goods. Government officials have denied the report, although traders have recently been unrelentingly upbeat despite uncertainty about trade, the global economic outlook, and the ongoing U.S. government shutdown. After turning in a lackluster performance for much of the session, stocks shot higher late in the trading day on Thursday. The major averages gave back ground after the spike but managed to remain firmly in positive territory. With the gains on the day, the major averages once again reached their best closing levels in a month. The Dow advanced 162.94 points or 0.7 percent to 24,370.10, the Nasdaq rose 49.77 points or 0.7 percent to 7,084.46 and the S&P 500 climbed 19.86 points or 0.8 percent to 2,635.96. The late-day rally came after a report from the Wall Street Journal said the U.S. is considering lifting tariffs on Chinese goods in an effort to calm markets and give Beijing an incentive to make deeper concessions. People close to internal deliberations told the Journal that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin proposed the idea of lifting some or all tariffs in a series of strategy meetings. The people said the aim of easing the tariffs is to advance trade talks and win China's support for longer-term reforms. The report offset trade concerns raised by an earlier Journal report indicating federal prosecutors are pursuing a criminal investigation of China's Huawei Technologies for allegedly stealing trade secrets from U.S. partners. A negative reaction to quarterly results from Morgan Stanley (MS) also weighed on the markets early in the session, with the financial giant slumping by 4.4 percent. The steep drop by Morgan Stanley came after the company reported fourth quarter earnings and revenues that came in below analyst estimates. However, the negative sentiment was partly offset by a report from the Philadelphia Federal Reserve showing a significant acceleration in the pace of growth in regional manufacturing activity in the month of January. The Philly Fed said its index for current manufacturing activity in the region jumped to 17.0 in January from 9.1 in December, with a positive reading indicating growth. Economists had expected the index to tick up to 10.0. A separate report from the Labor Department unexpectedly showed a modest decrease in first-time claims for unemployment benefits in the week ended January 12th. The report said initial jobless claims edged down to 213,000, a decrease of 3,000 from the previous week's unrevised level of 216,000. Economists had expected jobless claims to inch up to 220,000. Chemical stocks showed a strong move to the upside over the course of the session, driving the S&P Chemical Sector Index up by 1.8 percent to its best closing level in well over a month. PPG Industries (PPG) posted a standout gain after the paint and coatings company reported fourth quarter earnings that beat analyst estimates. Transportation stocks also saw considerable strength, resulting in a 1.6 percent advance by the Dow Jones Transportation Average. The average reached its best closing level in over a month. Significant strength also emerged among steel stocks amid optimism about Chinese demand, with the NYSE Arca Steel Index climbing by 1.6 percent. Tobacco, oil service and semiconductor stocks also moved notably higher on the day, contributing to the continued advance by the broader markets Commodity, Currency Markets  Crude oil futures are climbing $0.61 to $52.68 a barrel after slipping $0.24 to $52.07 a barrel on Thursday. Meanwhile, after dipping $1.50 to $1,292.30 an ounce in the previous session, gold futures are slumping $10.90 to $1,281.40 an ounce.  On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 109.40 yen compared to the 109.26 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Thursday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1402 compared to yesterday's $1.1389. Asia Asian stocks rose on Friday as reports of progress in U.S.-China trade talks as well as stronger than expected economic data from the U.S. helped ease global growth worries.  China's Shanghai Composite Index jumped 36.37 points or 1.4 percent to 2,596.01 ahead of China's fourth-quarter GDP data due on Monday. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index surged up 335.18 points or 1.3 percent to 27,090.81. Japanese shares closed higher as the yen weakened on improved risk appetite after a report the U.S. could lift trade tariffs on China.  The benchmark Nikkei 225 Index rallied 263.80 points or 1.3 percent to 20,666.07, while the broader Topix finished higher by 14.39 points or 0.9 percent at 1,557.59. Exporters surged, with Canon, Nissan Motor, Panasonic and Sony rising between 0.7 percent and 1.3 percent. In the tech sector, Tokyo Electron soared 3.8 percent and Advantest surged 1.9 percent. In economic news, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications said that overall consumer prices in Japan rose an annual 0.3 percent in December, in line with expectations. Australian stocks hit over two-month highs, with banks and material stocks gaining ground on hopes of easing U.S.-China trade tensions.  The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 Index rose 29.50 points or 0.5 percent to 5,879.60, extending gains for the fourth straight session. The broader All Ordinaries Index ended up 31.40 points or 0.5 percent at 5,941.20. The big four banks rose between 0.3 percent and 0.6 percent. Mining giant Rio Tinto edged up 0.3 percent after it flagged a rise in Pilbara iron ore exports this year. BHP, which will unveil its second quarter production figures next week, advanced 0.7 percent.  Payment service provider Afterpay Touch Group soared 13 percent after its first-half global underlying sales jumped 240 percent. Language tech company Appen climbed 5 percent.  Seoul stocks closed higher for the fourth consecutive session on optimism for progress in the U.S.-China trade dispute.  The benchmark Kospi climbed 17.22 points or 0.8 percent to 2,124.28 after a report suggested U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has discussed lifting some or all tariffs imposed on Chinese imports to secure a beneficial long-term trade deal with Beijing. Automakers led the surge after the government presented its hydrogen economy plan featuring fuel cell electric vehicles. Hyundai Motor rose 1.2 percent and Hyundai Mobis added 1.5 percent. Europe European stocks rose on Friday and hit their highest level since early December as investors cheered a solid start to the U.S. corporate earnings season as well as signs of progress in U.S.-China trade talks. There is anticipation of a thaw in the China-U.S. trade war amid a report U.S. officials are debating lifting tariffs on Chinese imports to give Beijing a reason to make deeper concessions in ongoing trade talks. While the German DAX Index has spiked by 1.9 percent, the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index and the French CAC 40 Index have both shot up by 1.6 percent. Automakers BMW, Daimler, Volkswagen and Renault have moved notably higher amid easing concerns around tariffs. French retailer Casino Group has also rallied after its fourth quarter total sales grew 5.1 percent on an organic basis and 3.6 percent on a same-store basis. On the other hand, Telecom Italia has plunged after the company warned 2018 earnings from its domestic business would be lower than in 2017. Low-cost airline Ryanair has also dropped after yet another profit warning. Cyber security expert Sophos has also slumped after the company reported "subdued performance" in its third quarter trading update. U.S. Economic Reports New York Federal Reserve President John Williams is scheduled to speak about the U.S. economic outlook and monetary policy at the New Jersey Bankers Association's Economic Leadership Forum in Somerset, New Jersey, at 9:05 am. At 9:15 am ET, the Federal Reserve is due to release its report on industrial production in the month of December. Industrial production is expected to rise by 0.2 percent in December after climbing by 0.6 percent in November. The University of Michigan is scheduled to release its preliminary report on consumer sentiment in the month of January at 10 am ET. The consumer sentiment index is expected to drop to 97.0 in January after rising to 98.3 in December. Stocks In Focus Shares of Atlassian (TEAM) are moving sharply higher in pre-market trading after the collaboration and productivity software provider reported fiscal second quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Business software maker Progress Software (PRGS) may also see initial strength after reporting better than expected fiscal fourth quarter earnings and revenues. Shares of CVS Health (CVS) may also move to the upside after the drugstore chain said it has reached an agreement under which Walmart (WMT) will continue participating in the CVS Caremark pharmacy benefit management commercial and Managed Medicaid retail pharmacy networks. On the other hand, shares of Netflix (NFLX) may come under pressure after the video streaming giant reported fourth quarter earnings that beat estimates but weaker than expected revenues. Credit card giant American Express (AXP) could also move to the downside after reporting fourth quarter results that missed analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines.        Load-Date: January 18, 2019End of Document

China, US open trade talks as Beijing says exports reboundAssociated Press InternationalFebruary 14, 2019 Thursday 10:39 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 781 wordsByline: By JOE McDONALD, AP Business WriterDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - U.S. and Chinese negotiators opened talks Thursday on a sprawling trade dispute as Beijing reported its January exports rebounded despite President Donald Trump's tariff hikes.Trump said earlier the talks could help decide whether he escalates the fight over China's technology ambitions by going ahead with more penalty duties March 2 on $200 billion of Chinese goods.The battle between the two biggest economies has fueled fears it will drag on weakening global growth. China's economy grew at its slowest pace in three-decades last year, adding to pressure on communist leaders to reach a settlement.Both sides have expressed optimism but released no details. U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and his Chinese counterpart, Vice Premier Liu He, shook hands at the start of the meeting at a government guesthouse but said nothing to reporters.The U.S. delegation also includes Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and David Malpass, a Treasury undersecretary who is Trump's nominee for World Bank president.On Tuesday, Trump said that while he is not inclined to extend the deadline, he might let it "slide for a little while" if talks go well. Earlier, the White House called March 2 a "hard deadline."Economists and business groups say the planned two days of negotiations allow too little time to reach a final settlement, but Beijing hopes to persuade Trump enough progress is being made to forestall the new tariff hikes.There was no indication whether negotiators are making progress on the thorniest dispute: U.S. pressure on Beijing to scale back plans for government-led creation of Chinese global leaders in robotics and other technologies.A Ministry of Commerce spokesman, Gao Feng, told reporters at a regular weekly briefing that he had no details on the status of the talks.Meanwhile, customs data released Thursday showed Chinese exports in January rose 9.1 percent from a year earlier, recovering from December's 3.5 percent decline.Exports to the United States sank 2.4 percent, squeezed by Trump's tariff hikes on billions of dollars of Chinese products. Imports of American goods plunged 41.2 percent, reflecting retaliatory Chinese duties and orders to importers to find other suppliers.The fight reflects growing frustration among Beijing's trading partners over official plans to subsidize and promote fledgling Chinese technology industries. Washington, Europe, Japan and other governments say those violate Beijing's market-opening obligations. Some American officials worry they might erode U.S. industrial leadership.Trump raised tariffs in July over complaints Beijing steals or pressures companies to hand over technology. The dispute includes cyber-spying traced to China, the country's multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States and support for state industry.Beijing has offered to narrow its trade surplus by purchasing more American soybeans, natural gas and other exports. But the government has resisted pressure to cut back development plans it sees as a path to prosperity and global influence.A deal on changes in Chinese industrial and market regulations might be possible in three months, said Yu Miaojie, a Peking University economist. But he said Beijing likely will insist it is entitled as a developing country to retain protection for its industries."It is hard to reach an agreement within a short time on structural reforms if the United States demands too much," Yu said. He said his own view is that China "already has offered too much," given its relatively low state of development."It is equivalent to the U.S. demanding China define itself as a very advanced and perfect economy, which is not true," he said. "China is a developing country and its reforms need to take place step by step."While the January trade data were stronger than expected, Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics said global demand for Chinese exports is weakening."The broad trend in shipments still appears to be pointing down," he said in a report.Chinese officials reject complaints that foreign companies are required to hand over technology. But business groups and foreign governments point to rules they say compel companies to disclose trade secrets or share technology with state-owned partners.Chinese officials also balk at U.S. pressure to accept an enforcement mechanism to monitor whether Beijing carries out its promises.Beijing has tried to deflect pressure by emphasizing China's growth as an export market. It has announced changes over the past year to open finance and other fields, including allowing full foreign ownership in its auto industry for the first time.___AP researcher Yu Bing contributed.Load-Date: February 15, 2019End of Document

Xinjiang human rights activist Serikzhan Bilash arrested by Kazakhstan police, lawyer saysCNN.comMarch 11, 2019 Monday 12:31 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: ASIALength: 540 wordsByline: By Matt Rivers, CNNBodyA prominent human rights activist and China critic based in Kazakhstan, has been arrested by Kazakh police and charged with inciting ethnic strife, according to his lawyer.Serikzhan Bilash is the co-founder of Atajurt, an Almaty-based organization that brings attention to the crackdown on Muslims in China's western region of Xinjiang.Aiman Umarova, Bilash's lawyer, said that her client was arrested on Saturday night in Almaty and transferred to Astana, the Kazakhstan capital. Umarova added that Bilash was "roughed up" during his arrest.If convicted, he could face up to 10 years in prison.Kazakhstan authorities could not be reached for comment.According to the US State Department, citing reports from international rights groups, scholars, and media organizations, as many as 800,000 to 1.1 million individuals have been detained in camps in Xinjiang since around April 2017.Bilash and other critics argue the facilities are re-education camps for political indoctrination and are an attempt to erase any Islamic presence from the region under a so-called policy of sinicization -- a process that attempts to assimilate minority cultures into the majority Han Chinese culture.Muslim minoritiesAtajurt has publicly lobbied for the closure of the Xinjiang camps and published accounts of those who had been detained and released.The group's YouTube channel is populated by stories of people in Kazakhstan who say their family members are missing in Xinjiang, locked in camps and unable to leave.Though the vast majority of those detained are Uyghur, the State Department says ethnic Kazakhs and other Muslim minorities living in China have also been detained.Over the past year, Bilash has repeatedly told CNN about what he called an ongoing campaign of harassment by the Kazakhstan authorities.Bilash says Astana has failed to oppose the camps because of the billions of dollars of investment Beijing has poured into Kazakhstan infrastructure projects in recent years, as part of its Belt and Road Initiative.Centers 'essentially boarding schools'The arrest comes as Xinjiang's most senior Uyghur official, chairman Shohrat Zakir, defended the detention centers on the sidelines of a meeting of China's National People's Congress in Beijing Tuesday.Zakir reiterated the Chinese government's long-held stance that the camps are "vocational training centers" where residents are taught voluntarily as part of an anti-radicalization program."Claims that the trainees are abused and their freedom is restricted in the centers are wrong. The centers are essentially boarding schools. And food and lodging are all free," Zakir said at an open session of Xinjiang's delegates to the Congress.The official added that the centers had been "effective" in stopping religious extremism in Xinjiang, claiming the facilities protected detainees' dignity and human rights.Zakir denied there were more than a million people in the camps, and said as more Uyghurs "graduated" from the Xinjiang centers the number of inmates would decrease."Generally speaking, there will be fewer and fewer trainees in these vocational training centers. If one day, the society doesn't need them anymore, vocational training centers will disappear gradually," he said.Load-Date: March 14, 2019End of Document

The Impact of the US Action Against Fujian Jinhua and UMC, 2019 ReportGlobeNewswireFebruary 26, 2019 Tuesday 8:45 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 396 wordsBodyDublin, Feb.  26, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The     "The Impact of the US Action against Fujian Jinhua and UMC"   report has been added to     ResearchAndMarkets.com's  offering.        In line with the "Made in China 2025" plan set out in the "13th Five-Year Plan," the Chinese government has invested heavily in recent years to strengthen its position in the semiconductor industry, with a focus on memory chips. As Beijing beefed up its chip-making prowess, Chinese semiconductor makers became more involved in patent-related legal disputes with other IC makers. With the onset of the Sino-U.S. trade war, the issue took on global proportions. This report reviews and analyzes the possible subsequent impact of the US Justice Department complaints against Fujian Jinhua and UMC.Topics Covered• Background behind the US action against Fujian Jinhua and UMC, touching on their relationships and possible developments• Impact assessment on the Chinese semiconductor industry and subsequent interpretation• Impact assessment on the Taiwanese semiconductor industry, including DRAM, and subsequent interpretationKey Topics Covered:          1. Background1.1 On National Security Grounds, the US Department of Commerce Puts Fujian Jinhua on its Control List1.2 The Relationship between Fujian Jinhua and UMC2. Impact on Taiwan's semiconductor industry2.1 Development of Taiwan's DRAM Industry is Limited2.2 Taiwanese Semiconductor Manufacturers Will Be More Cautious about Cooperating with China3. The Impact on the Chinese Semiconductor Industry3.1 Stronger Resistance to Semiconductor Development in China3.2 Fujian Jinhua will Stop Building Plants and Lower Its ProfileCompanies Mentioned                   • AMD• Fujian Jinhua• Inotera• Micron• Powerchip• Rexchip• SK Hynix• SMIC• Spreadtrum Communications• Sugon• Tsinghua Unisplendour• TSMC• UMC• ZTE        For more information         about this  report  visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/xc7g7z/the_impact_of_the?w=12         Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.      CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Related Topics: Semiconductor Load-Date: February 27, 2019End of Document

SCIENTISTS IDENTIFY BIOLOGICAL INVASION HOTSPOTS FOR PROMOTING THE GREEN DEVELOPMENT OF THE BELT AND ROAD INITIATIVEStates News ServiceJanuary 25, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 410 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: BEIJING, China BodyThe following information was released by the Chinese Academy of Sciences:Recently, a team led by Prof. LI Yiming from the Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, conducted a comprehensive study evaluating the invasion risk of global alien vertebrates, to help facilitate the balance between development and conservation for the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI).This study, published with the title of "Risks of biological invasion on the Belt and Road" in Current Biology, was online on January 24, 2019.The Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) proposed by China is regarded as the biggest global development program ever to occur on earth. It involves nearly half of our planet across Asia, Europe, Africa, Oceania and America, covering 77% (27/35) global biodiversity hotspots.Its high expenditure into infrastructure constructions may accelerate trade and transportation and thus promote alien species invasions, which is one primary anthropogenic threat to global biodiversity.The Chinese government has been expecting that BRI to be sustainable development paying equal attention to economic development and environmental conservation.Therefore, there is a strong imperative to identify those areas with high invasion risks, and those species with high invasive potentials, to aid in the resource allocation, and development of early, economical, and effective biosecurity, to achieve a balance between development and conservation.Focusing on 816 global alien vertebrates (98 amphibians, 177 reptiles, 391 birds and 150 mammals), the researchers first quantified introduction risks based on spatial data on trade, passenger numbers and cargo volumes from airports and shipping ports across BRI countries.They then quantified habitat suitability using ecological niche modelling for each of 816 alien vertebrates. Finally, they obtained overall invasion hotspots by overlaying areas with high introduction risk with those with high habitat suitability.The researchers identified a total of 14 invasion hotspots, importantly, majority of which fall along the six proposed Economic Corridors with the proportion of areas in invasion hotspots 1.6 times higher than other regions.Based on their findings, the researchers recommend the initiation of a collaboration project targeting early prevention, strict surveillance, rapid response and effective control of alien species in BRI countries to ensure the sustainable implication of BRI.(Editor: ZHANG Nannan)Load-Date: January 25, 2019End of Document

Pacific Securities commits to 10 billion RMB underwriting of Underwriting for NTC Electric City Bus TransactionPR NewswireJanuary 22, 2019 Tuesday 8:30 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 811 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, Jan. 22, 2019 BodyPR NewswireIdeanomics(NASDAQ:IDEX) ("Ideanomics" or the "Company"), a leading global fintech and asset digitization services company, is pleased to announce it has entered into an agreement with Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., as one of several underwriters to participate in the underwriting of the NTC Electric Bus initiative. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd has committed to underwrite up to RMB 10 billion (US $1.48 billion) of the RMB 57 billion (US $8.5 billion) initial investment under the agreement announced in July 2018.Pacific Securities Co. Ltd is ranked number 7 of the listed securities companies on Chinese stock exchanges and ranked number 298 amongst the 500 top market cap listed companies in China in January 2017.This agreement forms part of the underwriting and marketing of asset-backed securities in support of the Chinese-government mandated electric bus upgrade and replacement project. The initial tranche of financing Ideanomics will service with regional partners such as Pacific Securities and is expected to be RMB 57 billion (approximately USD $8.5 billion). The final financing amount is estimated to reach about RMB 260 billion (approximately USD$38.8 billion).AboutPacific SecuritiesThe Pacific Securities Co., Ltd. engages in the securities business in China. The company is involved in the securities brokerage, investment banking, share transfer, asset management, fixed income, securities investment, direct investment, and international business activities, as well as the provision of research and consulting services. The Pacific Securities Co., Ltd. was founded in 2004 and is based in Kunming, China.About IdeanomicsIdeanomicsseeks to become a leading fintech company by combining deal origination and enablement with the application of blockchain and artificial intelligence technologies as part of the next-generation of financial services.The company is headquartered in New York, NY, and has offices in Hong Kong and Beijing, China. It also has a planned global center for Technology and Innovation in West Hartford, CT, namedFintech Village.Safe Harbor StatementThis press release contains certain statements that may include "forward looking statements". All statements other than statements of historical fact included herein are "forward-looking statements." These forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects" or similar expressions, involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and include statements regarding our intention to transition our business model to become a next-generation financial technology company, our business strategy and planned product offerings, our intention to phase out our oil trading and consumer electronics businesses, and potential future financial results. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and these expectations may prove to be incorrect. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of risks and uncertainties, such as risks related to: our ability to continue as a going concern; our ability to raise additional financing to meet our business requirements; the transformation of our business model; fluctuations in our operating results; strain to our personnel management, financial systems and other resources as we grow our business; our ability to attract and retain key employees and senior management; competitive pressure; our international operations; and other risks and uncertainties disclosed under the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and similar disclosures in subsequent reports filed with the SEC, which are available on the SEC website athttp://www.sec.gov.. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors. Other than as required under the securities laws, the Company does not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements.Investor Relations and Media ContactTony Sklar, VP of Communications at Ideanomics55 Broadway, 19th Floor New York, New York 10006Email:ir@ideanomics.comhttp://www.ideanomics.com View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pacific-securities-commits-to-10-billion-rmb-underwriting-of-underwriting-for-ntc-electric-city-bus-transaction-300781819.htmlSOURCE IdeanomicsLoad-Date: January 23, 2019End of Document

Pacific Securities commits to 10 billion RMB underwriting of Underwriting for NTC Electric City Bus TransactioniCrowdNewswire (English)January 23, 2019 Wednesday 12:40 PM GMTCopyright 2019 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 908 wordsBody                    Ideanomics (NASDAQ: IDEX) ( Ideanomics  or the  Company ), a leading global fintech and asset digitization services company, is pleased to announce it has entered into an agreement with Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., as one of several underwriters to participate in the underwriting of the NTC Electric Bus initiative. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd has committed to underwrite up to RMB ... Continue reading Pacific Securities commits to 10 billion RMB underwriting of Underwriting for NTC Electric City Bus Transaction Ideanomics (NASDAQ: IDEX) ( Ideanomics  or the  Company ), a leading global fintech and asset digitization services company, is pleased to announce it has entered into an agreement with Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., as one of several underwriters to participate in the underwriting of the NTC Electric Bus initiative. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd has committed to underwrite up to RMB 10 billion (US $1.48 billion) of the RMB 57 billion (US $8.5 billion) initial investment under the agreement announced in July 2018.Pacific Securities Co. Ltd is ranked number 7 of the listed securities companies on Chinese stock exchanges and ranked number 298 amongst the 500 top market cap listed companies in China in January 2017.This agreement forms part of the underwriting and marketing of asset-backed securities in support of the Chinese-government mandated electric bus upgrade and replacement project. The initial tranche of financing Ideanomics will service with regional partners such as Pacific Securities and is expected to be RMB 57 billion (approximately USD $8.5 billion). The final financing amount is estimated to reach about RMB 260 billion (approximately USD$38.8 billion).AboutPacific SecuritiesThe Pacific Securities Co., Ltd. engages in the securities business in China. The company is involved in the securities brokerage, investment banking, share transfer, asset management, fixed income, securities investment, direct investment, and international business activities, as well as the provision of research and consulting services. The Pacific Securities Co., Ltd. was founded in 2004 and is based in Kunming, China.About IdeanomicsIdeanomics seeks to become a leading fintech company by combining deal origination and enablement with the application of blockchain and artificial intelligence technologies as part of the next-generation of financial services.The company is headquartered in New York, NY, and has offices in Hong Kong and Beijing, China. It also has a planned global center for Technology and Innovation in West Hartford, CT, named Fintech Village.Safe Harbor StatementThis press release contains certain statements that may include  forward looking statements . All statements other than statements of historical fact included herein are  forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  believes,   expects  or similar expressions, involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and include statements regarding our intention to transition our business model to become a next-generation financial technology company, our business strategy and planned product offerings, our intention to phase out our oil trading and consumer electronics businesses, and potential future financial results. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and these expectations may prove to be incorrect. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of risks and uncertainties, such as risks related to: our ability to continue as a going concern; our ability to raise additional financing to meet our business requirements; the transformation of our business model; fluctuations in our operating results; strain to our personnel management, financial systems and other resources as we grow our business; our ability to attract and retain key employees and senior management; competitive pressure; our international operations; and other risks and uncertainties disclosed under the sections entitled  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and similar disclosures in subsequent reports filed with the SEC, which are available on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors. Other than as required under the securities laws, the Company does not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements.Investor Relations and Media ContactTony Sklar, VP of Communications at Ideanomics55 Broadway, 19th Floor New York, New York 10006Email: ir@ideanomics.com www.ideanomics.comTags: See Campaign:http://www.ideanomics.comContact Information:Investor Relations and Media ContactTony Sklar, VP of Communications at Ideanomics55 Broadway, 19th Floor New York, New York 10006Email: ir@ideanomics.com            www.ideanomics.comTags:,            Wire,            Cryptocurrency Newswire,            United States,            EnglishLoad-Date: January 23, 2019End of Document

Federal prosecutors are leading a criminal investigation into Huawei and allegations that it stole trade secrets from US companiesBusiness Insider USJanuary 21, 2019 Monday 03:32 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 419 wordsByline: nbastone@businessinsider.com,  (Nick Bastone)Highlight: One such incident includes Huawei reportedly looting the robotic technology that T-Mobile uses to test its smartphones.BodyAP Photo/Ng Han Guan, File• Federal prosecutors are investigating the Chinese electronics giant Huawei for allegedly stealing trade secrets from US companies, according to a Wall Street Journal report on Wednesday. • One such incident includes Huawei supposedly stealing robotic technology that T-Mobile uses to test its smartphones, according to the report. • The report says that the investigation is advanced and may soon lead to an indictment.Federal prosecutors are investigating Chinese electronics giant Huawei for allegedly stealing trade secrets from US companies, according to a Wall Street Journal report. One aspect of the criminal probe involves allegations that Huawei stole robotic technology used for testing smartphones from a T-Mobile facility in Washington, according to the report which cited anonymous sources. The report says that the investigation is advanced and may soon lead to an indictment. Huawei is one of the world's leading smartphone makers. The company has been at the center of growing trade tensions between the US and China, and has faced long running accusations in the US that its technology could be used by Beijing to spy on American citizens and businesses - charges which Huawei has strenuously denied. In December, Huawei's CFO was arrested during a stopover in Canada on allegations of violating trade sanctions with Iran.The federal investigation apparently stems from civil lawsuits against Huawei, in particular a Seattle-based case which found the Chinese tech company liable for stealing robotic technology from T-Mobile's Bellevue, Washington lab. A Huawei spokesperson told Business Insider on Wednesday: "We're not going to comment on such reports in the press. Huawei and T-Mobile have settled their disputes in 2017 following a jury verdict finding neither damage, unjust enrichment nor willful and malicious conduct for T-Mobile's trade secret claim."Got a tip? Contact this reporter via Signal at +1 (209) 730-3387, email at nbastone@businessinsider.com, or Twitter DM at @nickbastone.NOW WATCH: 7 science-backed ways to a happier and healthier 2019 that you can do the first week of the new yearSee Also:• Demand for new smartphones is in free-fall and this chart shows that the bottom is not yet in sight• AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile announce plans to stop selling your location data to outside companies amid growing pressure from federal lawmakers• A 2nd Huawei executive has been arrested - this time in Poland on suspicion of spying for the Chinese governmentLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

Germany to require suppliers of 5G networks be 'trustworthy'Associated Press Financial WireMarch 7, 2019 Thursday 7:02 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 308 wordsDateline: BERLIN BodyBERLIN (AP) - German authorities published a list of security requirements for telecoms networks Thursday, amid concerns about the possible involvement of China's Huawei in future 5G infrastructure.The United States has been lobbying for allied countries and companies to block Huawei from providing equipment for fifth-generation cell networks, claiming it could facilitate digital espionage by the Chinese government.Germany has made clear in recent weeks that it doesn't plan to pre-emptively exclude specific companies from bidding for contracts, but instead wants to set minimum standards that all suppliers have to meet.According to the new guidelines published by Germany's Economic Ministry and the Federal Network Agency, systems for networks including 5G "may only be sourced from trustworthy suppliers whose compliance with national security regulations and provisions for the secrecy of telecommunications and for data protection is assured."Other "key elements" are that network traffic "must be regularly and constantly monitored for any abnormality" and security-related components have to be certified by Germany's IT security agency.The guidelines also stipulate that networks should use components from several manufacturers and provide for redundancy of key equipment.The agencies said companies will have an opportunity to comment on the guidelines.It is unclear whether Huawei would be able to fulfill the requirements as they currently stand, because as a Chinese company it may be compelled to provide authorities in the communist nation with access to its networks.The company this week opened a cybersecurity lab in Brussels in a bid to win over European governments and already has a similar center in Bonn, Germany.Its main rivals in the market for super-fast, 5G-network equipment are European companies Ericsson and Nokia.Load-Date: March 8, 2019End of Document

OEMs Invest in Real-time Contextual Navigation Services to Catalyse Future GrowthTargeted News ServiceMarch 7, 2019 Thursday 7:43 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 692 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: SANTA CLARA, California BodyFrost and Sullivan, a provider of market research and analysis, growth strategy consulting and corporate training services across multiple industries, issued the following news release:* * *- OEMs to partner with solution providers and data aggregators to offer meaningful data to consumers across industries, says Frost &#38; Sullivan* * *While original equipment manufacturer (OEM)-embedded navigation is becoming a standard fitting on premium automobile models, the mass-market segment has relied on smartphone interfacing technologies such as Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. While embedded and mobile-based navigation will continue to co-exist, OEMs are looking to form strategic partnerships with technology companies to make embedded systems smarter. Integrating human-machine interface (HMI) solutions would ensure reduced driver distraction.For further information on this analysis, please visit: http://frost.ly/39f"OEMs have been focusing on incorporating built-in virtual assistants powered by Artificial Intelligence (AI) and natural language programming (NLP) to add more functionalities to the intelligent in-vehicle infotainment (IVI) system," said Anubhav Grover, Mobility Research Analyst at Frost &#38; Sullivan. "For instance, in addition to employing third-party assistants such as Microsoft Cortana, Amazon Alexa, and Google Assistant, OEMs like Toyota, Nissan, and Honda have built car-specific, in-house assistants."Frost &#38; Sullivan's recent analysis, Global Automotive Navigation System Market, Forecast to 2025, analyzes the North American, South American, European, and Chinese markets for automotive navigation systems solutions. It covers key market drivers, restraints, and trends, as well as recent developments in the market. The study presents the unit shipment forecasts analysis of original equipment embedded navigation, smartphone navigation subscribers, and the popularity of different types of car interfaces. This study also provides key recommendations based on the current value chain dynamics."While North America will continue to lead the adoption of navigation solutions, the higher penetration of Long-Term Evolution (LTE) and massive production capacity in China are positioning Asia-Pacific as the next big region for OEMs," noted Grover. "Besides, with foreign technology companies facing regulatory barriers placed by the Chinese government, MirrorLink and the Baidu CarLife will gain significant shares."To make optimal use of the growth opportunities, Tier-1 companies have begun to partner with tech companies to leverage Internet of Things (IoT) applications to integrate connected services data with navigation and location-based services. Successful vendors will aim to:* Merge real-time information with AI and deep learning to broaden their navigation and location-based service portfolio with personalized and contextual information.* Focus on delivering a digital experience to customers, which can generate a new revenue stream in the navigation solutions market.* Offer bundled services through the Data-as-a-Service business model and use in-car payment methods using mobile wallets and e-payments.* Cover a wide range of models and grab the first-mover advantage by launching smart embedded navigation solutions products.* Invest in making technologies more economically feasible. Products that deliver value in terms of cost of ownership will be preferred over feature-rich premium products.Global Automotive Navigation System Market, Forecast to 2025 is part of Frost &#38; Sullivan's global Automotive &#38; Transportation Growth Partnership Service program.About Frost &#38; SullivanFor over five decades, Frost &#38; Sullivan has become world-renowned for its role in helping investors, corporate leaders and governments navigate economic changes and identify disruptive technologies, Mega Trends, new business models and companies to action, resulting in a continuous flow of growth opportunities to drive future success. Contact us: Start the discussion.Contact: Francesca Valente, 210/348-1012, francesca.valente@frost.comCopyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6639614 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 8, 2019End of Document

OEMs Invest in Real-time Contextual Navigation Services to Catalyse Future GrowthPR NewswireMarch 7, 2019 Thursday 9:48 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 689 wordsDateline: SANTA CLARA, Calif., March 7, 2019 BodyPR NewswireOEMs to partner with solution providers and data aggregators to offer meaningful data to consumers across industries, says Frost & SullivanWhileoriginal equipment manufacturer (OEM)-embedded navigationis becoming a standard fitting on premium automobile models, the mass-market segment has relied on smartphone interfacing technologies such asApple CarPlayandAndroid Auto. While embedded and mobile-based navigation will continue to co-exist, OEMs are looking to form strategic partnerships with technology companies to make embedded systems smarter. Integratinghuman-machine interface(HMI) solutions would ensure reduced driver distraction.For further information on this analysis, please visit:http://frost.ly/39f"OEMs have been focusing on incorporatingbuilt-in virtual assistantspowered byArtificial Intelligence(AI) andnatural language programming(NLP) to add more functionalities to the intelligentin-vehicle infotainment(IVI) system," saidAnubhav Grover, Mobility Research Analystat Frost & Sullivan. "For instance, in addition to employing third-party assistants such asMicrosoft Cortana,Amazon Alexa, andGoogle Assistant, OEMs likeToyota,Nissan, andHondahave built car-specific, in-house assistants."Frost & Sullivan's recent analysis,Global Automotive Navigation System Market, Forecast to 2025, analyzes the North American, South American, European, and Chinese markets for automotive navigation systems solutions. It covers key market drivers, restraints, and trends, as well as recent developments in the market. The study presents the unit shipment forecasts analysis of original equipment embedded navigation, smartphone navigation subscribers, and the popularity of different types of car interfaces. This study also provides key recommendations based on the current value chain dynamics."While North America will continue to lead the adoption of navigation solutions, the higher penetration ofLong-Term Evolution(LTE) and massive production capacity in China are positioning Asia-Pacific as the next big region for OEMs," noted Grover. "Besides, with foreign technology companies facing regulatory barriers placed by the Chinese government,MirrorLinkand theBaidu CarLifewill gain significant shares."To make optimal use of the growth opportunities, Tier-1 companies have begun to partner with tech companies to leverageInternet of Things(IoT) applications to integrate connected services data with navigation and location-based services. Successful vendors will aim to:Merge real-time information with AI and deep learning to broaden their navigation and location-based service portfolio with personalized and contextual information. Focus on delivering a digital experience to customers, which can generate a new revenue stream in the navigation solutions market. Offer bundled services through the Data-as-a-Service business model and use in-car payment methods using mobile wallets and e-payments. Cover a wide range of models and grab the first-mover advantage by launching smart embedded navigation solutions products. Invest in making technologies more economically feasible. Products that deliver value in terms of cost of ownership will be preferred over feature-rich premium products.Global Automotive Navigation System Market, Forecast to 2025is part of Frost & Sullivan's globalAutomotive & TransportationGrowth Partnership Service program.About Frost & SullivanFor over five decades, Frost & Sullivan has become world-renowned for its role in helping investors, corporate leaders and governments navigate economic changes and identify disruptive technologies, Mega Trends, new business models and companies to action, resulting in a continuous flow of growth opportunities to drive future success.Contact us: Start the discussion.Global Automotive Navigation System Market, Forecast to 2025K30C-18Contact:Francesca ValenteP: +1 210 348 1012E:Francesca.Valente@frost.comhttp://ww2.frost.com View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oems-invest-in-real-time-contextual-navigation-services-to-catalyse-future-growth-300808539.htmlSOURCE Frost & SullivanLoad-Date: March 8, 2019End of Document

Bay Street Seen Opening On Mixed NoteCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 21, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 557 wordsBody       Canadian shares look headed for a mixed opening on Monday, amid a lack of positive triggers. With the U.S. market to remain shut for Martin Luther King Jr. holiday, and some key economic data and earnings reports due over the next few days, the mood is likely to be a bit cautious. U.S.-China trade issues, the partial government shutdown in the U.S. and sluggish crude oil prices are expected to weigh on sentiment. Data on Canadian wholesale and retail trade and a report on manufacturing activity in Canada are due over the next couple of days.  On Friday, the benchmark S&P/TSX Composite Index ended up 92.61 points, or 0.61%, at 15,303.83, gaining for an eleventh straight day. In company news, Cineplex Inc. (CGX.TO) has announced a cash dividend of $0.145 per share for the month of January 2019 payable on February 28, 2019 to shareholders of record on January 31, 2019. Kinaxis Inc. (KXS.TO) announced today that the Swiss-based pharmaceutical company, Novartis AG,  has selected Kinaxis RapidResponse as their new supply chain planning system for their global TechOps organization, as part of a wider supply chain transformation initiative. Energy services company Shawcor Ltd. (SCL.TO) announced late Sunday that it has entered into an arrangement agreement to acquire ZCL Composites Inc. (ZCL.TO) for C$10 per share in cash. The price per share implies an aggregate fully diluted equity value for ZCL of approximately C$308 million. Barrick Gold Corp. (ABX.TO) has announced that it is continuing to engage with the Zambian government and community stakeholders about a mutually-beneficial way forward for the operation. Asian markets ended with solid gains on Monday with investors betting on hopes the Chinese government will step up stimulus to support growth after fourth quarter GDP fell short of expectations. Reports that China had offered t buy more American goods through 2024 to eliminate its trade imbalance with the U.S., contributed as well to the positive trend in Asian markets. China's GDP grew a seasonally adjusted 1.5% sequentially in the fourth quarter of 2018, in line with expectations and down from 1.6% in the third quarter. On an annualized basis, GDP expanded 6.4% - again matching forecasts and down from 6.5% in the three months prior. Separately, industrial production climbed 5.7% on year in December, topping forecasts for 5.3% and up from 5.4% in November. Retail sales increased by 8.2%, topping expectations for 8.1%, which would have been unchanged. European markets declined from six-week highs this morning, with traders treading cautiously after weak GDP data from China confirmed a slowdown in the world's second largest economy. The weakness is also due to a Bloomberg report that said the U.S. and China are making little progress on the key issue of intellectual property protection. Meanwhile, investors were also watching Brexit developments. The British Prime Minister Theresa May is scheduled to unveil her Brexit "Plan B" to parliament later in the day. In commodities, crude oil futures for March were down marginally at $54.16 a barrel. Gold futures for February were down $6.15, or 0.5%, at $1,276.45 an ounce. Silver futures for March were declining $0.186, or 1.2%, at $15.213 an ounce, while Copper futures for March were down $0.031, or 1.14%, at $2.688 per pound.        Load-Date: January 21, 2019End of Document

Satellogic Signs Agreement with CGWIC to Launch Earth Observation Constellation of 90 Satellites; Long March-6 rockets will deliver Satellogic's spacecraft to LEO in a series of dedicated launchesPR NewswireJanuary 15, 2019 Tuesday 8:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 795 wordsDateline: BUENOS AIRES, Argentina, Jan. 15, 2019 BodyPR NewswireBUENOS AIRES, Argentina, Jan. 15, 2019 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- Satellogic, the world's first vertically integrated geospatial analytics company, today announced a Multiple Launch Services Agreement (MLA) with China Great Wall Industry Corporation (CGWIC). CGWIC will launch 90 of Satellogic's spacecraft from the Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center. The first launch - scheduled for later this year - will deliver a dedicated payload of 13 of Satellogic's spacecraft to Low Earth Orbit on aLong March-6(LM-6) rocket.Satellogic's team of world-class data scientists is already leveraging its current fleet of spacecraft to deliver planetary scale insights and solutions for a variety of industries, including agriculture, forestry, oil and gas, and finance and insurance. The 90 spacecraft that Satellogic announced under this agreement will form an Earth Observation Satellite Constellation that will remap the planet at one meter of resolution every week and dramatically reduce the cost of high-frequency geospatial analytics."We want to help solve the world's most pressing problems by building an accurate and up-to-date picture of our planet and the many forces that reshape it everyday," said Satellogic Founder and CEO Emiliano Kargieman. "This agreement is a major step in realizing that vision. With 90 more spacecraft in our constellation, we will be able to deliver weekly, high-resolution remaps of the entire planet at a price that will set a new standard for access and affordability in our market."This MLA marks another milestone in the CGWIC-Satellogic cooperation: it will be the first time that the new generation Long March launch vehicle will provide launch services to international customers. To date, CGWIC has successfully launched Satellogic's first demonstration cubesat and 5 spacecraft. As per the terms of a previously existing agreement, CGWIC is poised to deliver another 3 spacecraft to low-earth orbit in 2019. The first LM-6 launch under this MLA will bring the total number of Satellogic's commercial satellites in orbit to 19."We're proud to extend our highly successful working relationship with Satellogic," said Gao Ruofei, Executive Vice President of CGWIC. "Satellogic's constellation will introduce a new era of affordable earth observation just as the LM-6 will open new opportunities for the global space industry."Founded in 2010, Satellogic's headquarters and R&D facility is located in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Their satellite Assembly, Integration and Test (AIT) facility is located in Montevideo, Uruguay. Other divisions include a data-technology center in Barcelona, Spain; a product-development center in Tel Aviv, Israel; and a business development center in Miami, USA. The company's newest branch in Beijing, China will focus on exclusive constellation customization, data services, and industrial applications.About SatellogicSatellogic is the first vertically integrated geospatial analytics company. We drive real outcomes with planetary-scale insights you can trust.Our low-Earth-orbit satellite constellation, platform, and data science teams work together to deliver end-to-end solutions at the right cost. We make sense of the data so you can focus on the big decisions at hand.We are a company of more than 150 satellite engineers, AI experts, and solution specialists on a mission to deliver a fundamentally better picture of our planet and the many forces that reshape it everyday. We bring space down to earth for large enterprises and governments of all sizes who need to see for themselves how our world is changing.Satellogic. Now you see.To learn more, please visit:http://www.satellogic.comAbout CGWICEstablished in 1980, China Great Wall Industry Corporation (CGWIC) is the sole commercial organization authorized by the Chinese government to provide commercial launch services, satellite systems and to carry out space technology cooperation. It is a subsidiary of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC).As the professional company promoting international cooperation for China's space industry, CGWIC is devoted to the internationalized development of China's space industry. CGWIC has developed into a system integrator for space products and services. It can meet customers' multi-directional needs by providing comprehensive solutions for commercial launch services, satellite export, satellite ground tracking and control station construction, satellite applications, project financing, project insurance and technical training, etc. Through extensive international cooperation, CGWIC enjoys an excellent reputation in the international aerospace industry, the financial community, and the insurance circle.To learn more, please visit:http://www.cgwic.comSOURCE SatellogicLoad-Date: January 16, 2019End of Document

APAC Electric Charging Station Market to Surpass US$ 3,785.8 Million by 2026GlobeNewswireFebruary 5, 2019 Tuesday 7:00 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MARKET RESEARCH REPORTSLength: 608 wordsBodySeattle, Feb.  05, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- According to Coherent Market Insights, the APAC electric charging station market was valued at US$ 1,238.4 million in 2017 and is projected to exhibit a CAGR of 30.3% over the forecast period (2018    2026).Key trends and analysis of the APAC electric charging station market:Increasing air pollution is one of the hazardous problems faced by Asia Pacific region, wherein vehicles are a major factor contributing to air pollution. Replacing conventional fuel-based vehicles with new generation electric vehicles is an important step towards air pollution control, as electric vehicles does not emit any polluting gases. This further reduces the burden on conventional fuel.Request Sample Copy of this Report @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/2473Asian countries are majorly dependent on foreign countries for supply of fuel. This dependency affects the economic growth of the country. Use of electric vehicles aids in reducing dependence on fuels that are imported and helps in gaining economic stability.Electric vehicles have low maintenance and operational costs when compared to fuel-based vehicles. This attracts more consumers towards electric vehicles and thereby, aids in boosting growth of the APAC electric charging station market. The existing fleet of electric vehicles is also supporting growth of the market.Increasing number of electric vehicles results in rising demand for electric power stations. As governments are aware about the benefits of electric vehicles and electric power stations, governments of various countries in Asia Pacific region are introducing beneficial schemes and are providing subsidiary for the same. For instance, to encourage consumers to switch to electric vehicles, in 2018 the Chinese government made a policy to reimburse 30% of the total value of the electric vehicle.To know the latest trends and insights prevalent in this market, click the link below:https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/market-insight/apac-electric-charging-station-market-2473Key Market Takeaways:• The APAC electric charging station market is projected to witness CAGR of 30.3% during the forecast period, owing to increasing demand for electric vehicles• China holds dominant position in the APAC electric charging station market, as China has the most number of electric vehicles in the world. India is expected to grow in the market over the forecast period, as government is providing various schemes to consumers.• Level 1, level 2, and level 3 are the three types of technology. Among these, the application of level 2 charging stations has the highest usage rate in the past few years. These stations are efficient than level 1 and more economical than level 3 charging stations.• Major players operating in the APAC electric charging station market include PluginIndia.com, Greenlots, Mitsubishi Motors Corporation, ChargePoint, Inc., NARI Technology Co., Ltd, Blink Charging Co, Toshiba Corporation, Magenta Power, Star Charge, and Efacec        Ask for a Report Customization @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-customization/2473About Coherent Market Insights:Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity.Contact Us:  Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave.  #3200  Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.comLoad-Date: February 6, 2019End of Document

EV fever: I just don't get itRubber & Plastics NewsMarch 25, 2019Print VersionCopyright 2019 Crain Communications All Rights ReservedSection: Pg. 8; Vol. 48Length: 283 wordsByline: Keith CrainBodyThe auto industry, with the help of some national governments around the world, is rapidly plunging into a massive bet on vehicle electrification with little or no consumer demand.Now I can understand why China has a few hundred electric vehicle manufacturers, given that the Chinese government can decide to switch to EVs overnight and put all gasoline-vehicle companies out of business in a flash. But it would appear that even China will have to worry about having fossil-fueled vehicles for commercial shipping.Some national governments seem to be taking a more measured approach and are talking about eliminating gasoline-powered vehicles after a decade or longer-certainly enough time to see how the public reacts to EVs.Meanwhile, many global manufacturers are rushing headlong into a new and unproven market. Only time will establish winners and losers, and let us hope that the marketplace decides, not big governments.The stakes are very high, and if a car company makes the wrong bet, it could go out of business or shrink.The irony is that although a shift to EVs will require a large change in business practices, automobile retailers would seem to be in a position to survive intact.It seems that many car companies are willing to bet the farm, so to speak, with their commitment to electrification, happy to risk everything on a technology that consumers have not yet supported in large numbers. I would think that a more cautious approach would make more sense. I am surprised that more companies have not adopted a more moderate strategy.Maybe they know something that the rest of the world doesn't.Crain is chairman of Crain Communications Inc., which publishes Rubber & Plastics News.Load-Date: March 28, 2019End of Document

Facebook's 'pivot' is less about privacy and more about profitsThe Conversation - United StatesMarch 14, 2019 Thursday 10:38 AM ESTCopyright 2019 The Conversation Media Group Ltd All Rights ReservedLength: 1187 wordsByline: Bhaskar Chakravorti, Dean of Global Business, The Fletcher School, Tufts UniversityHighlight: CEO Mark Zuckerberg's claimed intent to focus on privacy will be hard to execute, will not happen soon and does not address major concerns about the company's role in society.BodyFacebook's founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg's latest promise is that his social media conglomerate will become a "privacy-focused" one. By turns            lauded and            lambasted, this move does not quite address users' primary problems with the company. His move is the pragmatic shift of a CEO toward where the market is already headed. Ironically, Zuckerberg's announcement provides more evidence for Facebook critics who say the company doesn't understand even the            concept of user privacy.Zuckerberg has chosen an interesting metaphor to describe this change. He claims that people are shifting from publicly broadcasting their activities and views in a digital "town square" - and would rather discuss issues in a more secure, privacy-protective online "           living room." His company already owns platforms representing both venues: Facebook is the town square, the            largest platform for sharing widely, and WhatsApp is the living room, the            largest platform for sharing in small groups.As a former partner in McKinsey's strategy practice and now, as a scholar of strategy at Tufts' Fletcher School studying the effects of digital technologies in 80 countries, I have been analyzing Facebook's changing strategies for several years. I see Zuckerberg's latest move as Strategy 101: a market-driven shift of focus. That, by itself, is welcome. What is not so laudable is trying to package the move as a revolutionary solution to his company's widespread problems with privacy, facilitating fake news and underhand deals to share user data.Worse, the changes will be difficult to execute and will not happen soon - or at least not soon enough for many users. Driven by market forcesThe writing is already on Zuckerberg's wall: Users are leaving the town square and filling living rooms.            U.S. Facebook users' activity dropped in late 2018, while WhatsApp and Messenger activity grew. Zuckerberg is merely preparing to shift resources to follow users from one platform to the other. However, Facebook's business model dictates that the company cannot make a true pivot away from the town square and toward the living room. As a publicly traded company, Zuckerberg has a fiduciary responsibility to shareholders to deliver returns on their investments. The town square makes all the money - and a lot of it. Despite its troubles, Facebook made more money in 2018 than in previous years, and made more profit too. Most of the company's billions were generated by the town square version of Facebook.Zuckerberg hasn't yet shown a plan for making the WhatsApp living room platform even remotely as profitable. Currently, his company makes 98 percent of its revenues from advertisers. It's had only            limited success with advertisements in the Messenger app and            hasn't even tested the concept in WhatsApp. Moreover, the advertising revenue comes from companies that want to target the extensively detailed subgroups of Facebook's social network users. WhatsApp collects far less data and is encrypted, which means its users are            harder to target as effectively.Gradually shifting, not replacingIt may take Facebook a very long time to figure out how to make money from its shift to more private messaging.A plan to integrate the technical infrastructure of WhatsApp and Messenger with Instagram would allow users to seamlessly communicate across three platforms for the first time. More importantly for Zuckerberg, though, it would link billions of            detailed Facebook accounts with WhatsApp users - opening stockpiles of data to mine for advertisers. The integration could save the company money by letting it consolidate servers that handle messaging - but there is still risk: It could raise the hackles of regulators. Technical consolidation could appear to be a preemptive move against calls to break up Facebook, including by prominent lawmakers, such as            U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren.Another possibility is that Facebook intends to adopt a business model more like China's immensely popular WeChat. WeChat makes money from commissions on mobile payments for a whole range of services within the app, including shopping, games, meal deliveries and even utility bills. Facebook is working on a            new cryptocurrency and on            handling payments through WhatsApp. But those efforts are in early stages - and late in the marketplace. An essential facet of WeChat's business model is off-limits to Facebook. WeChat's parent company is widely believed to share user data with the Chinese government, in exchange for regulatory protection. That may be part of the political reality of China, but would doom Facebook in the Western markets it currently dominates.A major problem still lingers in the living roomAll of this talk about changing the business model ignores Facebook's real problem: its role in spreading disinformation and            hate speech in communities around the world. Moving users' attention away from the town square - which needs to be monitored and moderated - to an encrypted, private living room is not a solution.Private messaging might even make things worse. WhatsApp is already central to a trend of misinformation, fear and violence in India: Users passed the word from town to town that any strangers about might be there to kidnap children.            More than 20 innocent people have been killed as a result of these terrifying - but false - rumors. WhatsApp has also been implicated in mob violence in            Sri Lanka, and voter manipulation in            Brazil and            Nigeria. The company has claimed it can do little about such falsehoods spreading, because they're encrypted and sent from user to user, rather than posted more publicly for others to view. Without            addressing the problems of misinformation, shifting more communications to the living room will create more opportunities for fear, havoc and violence. This is especially true in the developing world, where            users tend to be more trusting of digital media in general. Zuckerberg also committed not to store data in countries with repressive governments, but that poses fresh problems. Many governments are discussing restrictions on free speech and data sharing, especially in countries where Facebook has some of the highest numbers of users, including India, Brazil, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Turkey. Facebook can't afford to turn its back on these countries and their governments, so this promise, too, sounds a bit hollow.Zuckerberg's latest promise is, indeed, one taken from a strategy textbook: Preemptively announce the intent to remake itself without abandoning the core business that funds everything. But it will mean nothing unless Zuckerberg can find a way to genuinely respect the welfare of his 2.7 billion users and improve the quality of social discourse, whether it takes place in town squares or in living rooms.Bhaskar Chakravorti has founded and directs the Institute for Business in the Global Context at Fletcher/Tufts that has received funding from Mastercard, Microsoft, the Gates Foundation and the Onassis Foundation. He is a Non-Resident Senior Fellow at Brookings India and a Senior Advisor on Digital Inclusion at the Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth.Load-Date: March 14, 2019End of Document

MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The FirmGlobeNewswireMarch 6, 2019 Wednesday 8:46 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: CLASS ACTION; LAW & LEGAL ISSUESLength: 570 wordsBodyNEW YORK, March  06, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in Micron Technology, Inc. ("Micron" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: MU) of the March 25, 2019 deadline to seek the role of lead plaintiff in a federal securities class action that has been filed against the Company.If you invested in Micron stock or options between June 22, 2018 through November 19, 2018 and would like to discuss your legal rights, click here: www.faruqilaw.com/MU. There is no cost or obligation to you.You can also contact us by calling Richard Gonnello toll free at 877-247-92 or at 212-983-9330 or by sending an e-mail to rgonnello@faruqilaw.com  CONTACT: FARUQI & FARUQI, LLP 685 Third Avenue, 26th Floor New York, NY 10017Attn:  Richard Gonnello, Esq.rgonnello@faruqilaw.comTelephone: (877) 247-92 or (212) 983-9330The lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of all those who purchased Micron securities June 22, 2018 through November 19, 2018 (the "Class Period").  The case, Kniffin v. Micron Technology, Inc., et al., No. 19-cv-00678 was filed on January 23, 2019.The lawsuit focuses on whether the Company and its executives violated federal securities laws by making false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) the Chinese State Administration for Market Regulation notified Micron it was investigating dynamic random-access memory ("DRAM") chip providers in China for potential collusion and other anti-competitive conduct; (2) Chinese investigators had found "massive evidence" of Micron's anti-competitive behavior; (3) Micron had engaged in a price-fixing conspiracy with Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix; and (4) as a result, Micron's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times. When the true details entered the market, the lawsuit claims that investors suffered damages.Specifically, on November 18, 2018, the Financial Times published an article while Micron had revealed the investigation, that the Company had failed to disclose that it had actually engaged in anti-competitive behavior that the Chinese Government had found "massive evidence of."After the announcement, Micron's share price fell from $39.44 per share on November 16, 2018 to a closing price of $36.83 on November 19, 2018 a $2.61 or a 6.617% drop.The court-appointed lead plaintiff is the investor with the largest financial interest in the relief sought by the class who is adequate and typical of class members who directs and oversees the litigation on behalf of the putative class. Any member of the putative class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision to serve as a lead plaintiff or not. Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP also encourages anyone with information regarding Micron's conduct to contact the firm, including whistleblowers, former employees, shareholders and others.Attorney Advertising. The law firm responsible for this advertisement is Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP (www.faruqilaw.com). Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter. We welcome the opportunity to discuss your particular case. All communications will be treated in a confidential manner.Load-Date: March 7, 2019End of Document

MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The FirmPR NewswireMarch 11, 2019 Monday 8:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 613 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, March 11, 2019 BodyPR Newswire Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in Micron Technology, Inc. ("Micron" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: MU) of the March 25, 2019 deadline to seek the role of lead plaintiff in a federal securities class action that has been filed against the Company.If you invested in Micron stock or options between June 22, 2018 through November 19, 2018 and would like to discuss your legal rights,click here:http://www.faruqilaw.com/MU.There is no cost or obligation to you.You can also contact us by callingRichard Gonnellotoll free at877-247-4292or at212-983-9330or by sending an e-mail torgonnello@faruqilaw.com CONTACT:FARUQI & FARUQI, LLP685 Third Avenue, 26th FloorNew York, NY 10017Attn:  Richard Gonnello, Esq.rgonnello@faruqilaw.comTelephone: (877) 247-4292 or (212) 983-9330The lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of all those who purchased Micron securities June 22, 2018 through November 19, 2018 (the "Class Period").  The case,Kniffin v. Micron Technology, Inc., et al., No. 19-cv-00678 was filed on January 23, 2019.The lawsuit focuses on whether the Company and its executives violated federal securities laws by making false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) the Chinese State Administration for Market Regulation notified Micron it was investigating dynamic random-access memory ("DRAM") chip providers in China for potential collusion and other anti-competitive conduct; (2) Chinese investigators had found "massive evidence" of Micron's anti-competitive behavior; (3) Micron had engaged in a price-fixing conspiracy with Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix; and (4) as a result, Micron's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times. When the true details entered the market, the lawsuit claims that investors suffered damages.Specifically, on November 18, 2018, the Financial Times published an article while Micron had revealed the investigation, that the Company had failed to disclose that it had actually engaged in anti-competitive behavior that the Chinese Government had found "massive evidence of."After the announcement, Micron's share price fell from $39.44 per share on November 16, 2018 to a closing price of $36.83 on November 19, 2018-a $2.61 or a 6.617% drop.The court-appointed lead plaintiff is the investor with the largest financial interest in the relief sought by the class who is adequate and typical of class members who directs and oversees the litigation on behalf of the putative class. Any member of the putative class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision to serve as a lead plaintiff or not. Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP also encourages anyone with information regarding Micron's conduct to contact the firm, including whistleblowers, former employees, shareholders and others.Attorney Advertising. The law firm responsible for this advertisement is Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP (http://www.faruqilaw.com). Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter. We welcome the opportunity to discuss your particular case. All communications will be treated in a confidential manner. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/micron-lead-plaintiff-deadline-alert-faruqi--faruqi-llp-encourages-investors-who-suffered-losses-exceeding-50-000-in-micron-technology-inc-to-contact-the-firm-300810457.htmlSOURCE Faruqi & Faruqi, LLPLoad-Date: March 12, 2019End of Document

MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The FirmGlobeNewswireMarch 15, 2019 Friday 11:51 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: CLASS ACTION; LAW & LEGAL ISSUESLength: 570 wordsBodyNEW YORK, March  15, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, reminds investors in Micron Technology, Inc. ("Micron" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: MU) of the March 25, 2019 deadline to seek the role of lead plaintiff in a federal securities class action that has been filed against the Company.If you invested in Micron stock or options between June 22, 2018 through November 19, 2018 and would like to discuss your legal rights, click here: www.faruqilaw.com/MU. There is no cost or obligation to you.You can also contact us by calling Richard Gonnello toll free at 877-247-92 or at 212-983-9330 or by sending an e-mail to rgonnello@faruqilaw.com  CONTACT: FARUQI & FARUQI, LLP 685 Third Avenue, 26th Floor New York, NY 10017Attn:  Richard Gonnello, Esq.rgonnello@faruqilaw.comTelephone: (877) 247-92 or (212) 983-9330The lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of all those who purchased Micron securities June 22, 2018 through November 19, 2018 (the "Class Period").  The case, Kniffin v. Micron Technology, Inc., et al., No. 19-cv-00678 was filed on January 23, 2019.The lawsuit focuses on whether the Company and its executives violated federal securities laws by making false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) the Chinese State Administration for Market Regulation notified Micron it was investigating dynamic random-access memory ("DRAM") chip providers in China for potential collusion and other anti-competitive conduct; (2) Chinese investigators had found "massive evidence" of Micron's anti-competitive behavior; (3) Micron had engaged in a price-fixing conspiracy with Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix; and (4) as a result, Micron's public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times. When the true details entered the market, the lawsuit claims that investors suffered damages.Specifically, on November 18, 2018, the Financial Times published an article while Micron had revealed the investigation, that the Company had failed to disclose that it had actually engaged in anti-competitive behavior that the Chinese Government had found "massive evidence of."After the announcement, Micron's share price fell from $39.44 per share on November 16, 2018 to a closing price of $36.83 on November 19, 2018 a $2.61 or a 6.617% drop.The court-appointed lead plaintiff is the investor with the largest financial interest in the relief sought by the class who is adequate and typical of class members who directs and oversees the litigation on behalf of the putative class. Any member of the putative class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. Your ability to share in any recovery is not affected by the decision to serve as a lead plaintiff or not. Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP also encourages anyone with information regarding Micron's conduct to contact the firm, including whistleblowers, former employees, shareholders and others.Attorney Advertising. The law firm responsible for this advertisement is Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP (www.faruqilaw.com). Prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter. We welcome the opportunity to discuss your particular case. All communications will be treated in a confidential manner.Load-Date: March 16, 2019End of Document

Risen Energy's 40MW photovoltaic power station project in Kazakhstan connects to the grid; The facility is expected to drive the growth of clean energy in the Central Asian countryPR NewswireJanuary 30, 2019 Wednesday 10:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 479 wordsDateline: NINGBO, China, Jan. 30, 2019 BodyPR NewswireRisen Energy Co., Ltd. announced recently that its 40MW photovoltaic power station project in Kazakhstan has been formally connected to the grid. As the first privately-owned enterprise investing in the construction of photovoltaic power stations in Kazakhstan, the implementation of the project is of milestone significance for the solar panel maker's global roadmap.The facility, located in Gulshat, Aktogay District, Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan, has selected 325W Poly 1500VDC polycrystalline modules for their ability to ensure the long-term and stable operation of the station to the maximum extent possible. With the successful grid connection, the power station is expected to generate 50 million kilowatt-hours of electricity per year, providing continuous clean power to local households.In order to successfully achieve the construction of the power station in Kazakhstan, Risen Energy had to overcome a series of obstacles including the language barrier, cold weather, difficulty in assuring the needed supply of materials, power grid design, among other factors that hobbled the progress of the project. Thanks to the rich project experience accumulated by the overseas project development team over the years, the company prevailed by insisting on orderly construction despite the severe cold, ensuring the smooth completion of each aspect of the project.Risen Hong Kong general manager Champion Yuan said, "The project held its groundbreaking ceremony in June 2018 and connected to the grid in December, fully reflecting the strength and efficiency of Risen Energy's workforce. As a result of designing and building the 40MW power plant, we have a comprehensive understanding of the market and regulatory environment in Kazakhstan. The replicable construction experience is expected to help overseas teams to better participate in the development of follow-up projects. We also hope to use this as an opportunity to help more Chinese brands effortlessly enter the Kazakhstan market, share in a piece of the pie, and contribute China's prowess across the sector to the cause of global green development."Risen Energy, based on its globalization strategy, has already staked out other projects in Kazakhstan and will move on to the construction phase at a later stage. In the future, the emerging markets that are targeted by the One Belt, One Road initiative, the Chinese government's program to build trade routes along the ancient Silk Road, can expect to benefit from a continued effort to construct efficient and high-performing photovoltaic power stations, further stimulating the potential to develop and utilize clean energy. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/risen-energys-40mw-photovoltaic-power-station-project-in-kazakhstan-connects-to-the-grid-300786351.htmlSOURCE Risen Energy Co., LtdCONTACT: Tina Feng, 86-13736192549, tina@risenenergy.comLoad-Date: January 31, 2019End of Document

Natural Health Trends Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Preliminary Revenue EstimatesGlobeNewswireJanuary 17, 2019 Thursday 6:00 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 623 wordsBodyHONG KONG, Jan.  17, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Natural Health Trends Corp. (NASDAQ: NHTC), a leading direct-selling and e-commerce company that markets premium quality personal care, wellness, and "quality of life" products under the NHT Global brand, today announced its preliminary revenue estimates for the fourth quarter and full year of 2018.The Company estimates total revenue for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2018 to be $41.6 million and $191.9 million, respectively, compared to $46.1 million and $197.6 million in the comparable periods of 2017. The Company further estimates that its deferred revenue at December 31, 2018 increased $2.3 million to $6.8 million, compared to $4.5 million at September 30, 2018 due to the success of repeat order promotions near year end. At December 31, 2017, deferred revenue was $4.5 million, compared to $3.6 million at September 30, 2017."In spite of our effective sales initiatives, our preliminary revenue estimate for the fourth quarter of 2018 also reflected the current challenging market conditions of increased global trade tensions, China's slowing economy and a weaker Chinese currency. Even with these headwinds, the fourth-quarter and full-year orders were roughly flat year-over-year on a constant currency basis," commented Chris Sharng, President of Natural Health Trends Corp. Last week the Chinese government announced a comprehensive 100-day campaign nationwide to review and focus on the regulations for certain food, equipment, daily necessities, small home electrical appliances and services that producers claim to promote health functions. While the results of this program are not yet clear, the Company believes this is a positive development that will benefit Chinese consumers and NHT Global in the long-term.The Company expects to issue its complete fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results in mid-February.  The revenue estimates are preliminary and have not yet been reviewed by the Company's independent accountants. Significant updates and revisions may be required before the release of the Company's fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results.  In addition, the Company's financial results will include other factors necessary to calculate additional financial metrics, including gross profit and net income.About Natural Health Trends Corp.Natural Health Trends Corp. (NASDAQ: NHTC) is an international direct-selling and e-commerce company operating through its subsidiaries throughout Asia, the Americas, and Europe.  The Company markets premium quality personal care products under the NHT Global brand.  Additional information can be found on the company's website at www.naturalhealthtrendscorp.com.Forward-Looking StatementsSafe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 -- Forward-looking statements in this press release do not constitute guarantees of future performance.  Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated.  Such risks and uncertainties include the risks and uncertainties detailed under the caption "Risk Factors" in Natural Health Trends Corp.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2018 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking information contained in this press release or with respect to the announcements described herein.CONTACTS:Company Contact:Scott DavidsonSenior Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerNatural Health Trends Corp.Tel: 310-541-0888scott.davidson@nhtglobal.comInvestors:ADDO Investor RelationsTel: 310-829-5400investor.relations@nhtglobal.comLoad-Date: January 18, 2019End of Document

Participated in ISPO Beijing, Secoo Expands Premium Sport BusinessPR NewswireJanuary 17, 2019 Thursday 5:39 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 493 wordsDateline: BEIJING, Jan. 17, 2019 BodyPR NewswireISPO Beijing, the leading multi-segment sports exhibition in Asia, has been taken place at Shunyi District and the exhibition event is scheduled to hold from January 16th - 19th, 2019. As a participant, Secoo has declared its new sportive concept and business expansion by discovering more partnerships through "SSS Cooperation Plan" and consummating industrial chain to closely act as premium sports advisor for high-end consumers.As a market, the Asian-Pacific is of an almost unimaginable size. Chinese government has also promoted a regulation to expand national sport consumption to 15 billion RMB. Meanwhile, sports for high-end consumers, such as equestrian and golf, are in a burgeoning development, covering relevant equipment and services. ISPO has created the one place where all the market players, the concentrated know-how, pioneering innovations and valuable business solutions can always come to exchange ideas.As Asia's largest premium lifestyle platform, Secoo has begun its sport business since the end of 2017. Categories include professional sport equipment, premium services and fashion sport products.To participate, the ISPO Beijing is the key to the Asian sports market. For exhibitors, ISPO Beijing is a platform where Chinese and international players of the sports industry meet. This is a chance for Secoo to get in contact with future partners and clients, to be familiar with competitor's strategies and strengthen existing partnerships. Connect with Chinese key opinion leader (KOL), and win their trust to get exposure as well as to be part of the biggest sport in the world.Besides that, the exhibition offers a variety of events and workshops to get insights into the most important trends, innovations and technologies for the sports market. With the Olympic Winter Games 2022 ahead - Beijing is one of the most exciting places for the entire industry. The CGO of Secoo Group, Ren Guanjun said that, in China, more than 90% companies has revealed a down trend, but the luxury industry, especially the luxury e-commerce is still increasing sharply, the market is still very potential. The further participation in ISPO event will improve Secoo's development of premium sport business. In addition, Secoo will bring more multi-dimensional experience for 20 million high-end consumers by establishing a comprehensive premium lifestyle service.From the perspective of Secoo, a SSS Cooperation Plan (Secoo Sports Style) is attempting to provide consumers a broaden premium sport market for high-end consumers. Sport is not a competition, but a lifestyle with iconic trend and private selection. Based on this concept, Secoo offers a comprehensive sport lifestyle and forge an overall premium sport service to better deliver the attractive things to consumers. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/participated-in-ispo-beijing-secoo-expands-premium-sport-business-300780125.htmlSOURCE Secoo GroupCONTACT: Ricky Wang, +86-13810819304Load-Date: January 18, 2019End of Document

Global Factory Automation & Industrial Controls Market Growth, Trends, and Forecasts Report 2019-2024GlobeNewswireMarch 29, 2019 Friday 5:32 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1680 wordsBodyDublin, March  29, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The     "Factory Automation & Industrial Controls Market - Growth, Trends, and Forecast (2019 - 2024)"   report has been added to     ResearchAndMarkets.com's  offering.             The Factory Automation and Industrial Control Systems market is expected to register a CAGR of over 8.4% during the forecast period 2019 - 2024. The evolution of technological advancements and innovations across various manufacturing units have encouraged the adoption of automation technologies. Digitization and Industry 4.0 revolution have significantly stimulated the growth of automation among industries, by necessitating the use of smarter and automated solutions, such as robotics and control systems, to improve production processes.Automation has drastically changed the way of production in the industrial sector, by reducing the manufacturing time and production costs. The production lines in several factories were manual, for a considerable time. Even if there have been improvements in assembly technologies, such as faster pick-and-place machines and smarter reflow ovens, the back-end operations have remained non-automated.Hence, there has been an exponential rise in labor costs. In addition, the quality requirements are also getting more stringent. Against this backdrop, factory automation can cause a reduction in production, operation, and labor costs.Various advancements have been made in the automation of the various activities that were formerly carried out manually, particularly in the labor-intensive manufacturing industry, with most of these being almost fully automated, using the latest technologies. This has led to improved efficiency, high-quality products, and attendant savings in labor and costs.The high costs of automated systems are associated with effective and robust hardware and efficient software. Automation equipment requires higher capital expenditure, to invest in automation technologies (an automated system can cost millions of dollars to design, fabricate, and install). They also require a higher level of maintenance, than a manually operated machine, and a generally lower degree of flexibility in terms of the possible products, as compared to a manual system (even flexible automation is less flexible than humans, the most versatile machines of all).The sluggish adoption of Industrial IoT technologies can be linked to the higher costs for maintaining their connections, considering that M2M connections were charged heavy taxation, similar to mobile device subscriptions. The acquisition and installation cost of a control system for industrial automation represents half of the total cost, during its lifetime. Additionally, the frequent changes in technology and networking result in significant cost, which is more than that of the initial investment, further slowing down the adoption.In addition, significantly low adoption in SMEs, in developing countries like Brazil, which cannot bear the product costs, is restraining the market's growth.Scope of the ReportThe Industrial control and Factory automation is a rising trend in the manufacturing industry which provides smart manufacturing infrastructure. The industrial control and factory automation facilitate cost efficiency, quality of production; standardize manufacturing, reliability, and flexibility in the process of manufacturing. Industrial control and factory automation offers a perfect mix of mechanical components and devices and Information Technology MarketKey Market TrendsUtilities Sector Expected to Register a Significant GrowthThe overall savings from these digitally-enabled measures are estimated to be in the order of USD 80 billion per year over 2016-40, or about 5% of total annual power generation costs based on the enhanced global deployment of available digital technologies to all power plants and network infrastructure.Data centers worldwide consumed around 194 TWh of electricity in 2014, or about 1% of total demand. Although data center workload is estimated to triple by 2020, related energy demand is expected to grow by only 3%, due to continued efficiency gains. This is expected to drive the growth in power generation for meeting the demand from ICT sector.The evolution of smart grid and a synchronization to match the variable demand for the electricity, between the peak demand period to rest of the period demand, is expected to further create high demand from the energy and utilities sector. Due to the automation of processes and a networked system communication, digitalization can help integrate the renewable energy by enabling grids to match energy demand to times when the wind is blowing and the sun is shining.In the European Union alone, increased storage and digitally-enabled demand response is estimated to reduce curtailment of solar PVs and wind power from 7% in 2017 to 1.6% in 2040, avoiding 30 million tons of CO2 emissions in 2040.China Expected to Hold a Major Share in Asia Pacific regionDespite China accounting for 25% of the world's manufacturing activities, its manufacturing productivity is a mere one-fifth of that of developed economies. Companies in the country are, thus, embracing Industry 4.0 to improve productivity. A strong indicator of automation uptake in the country is the 58% increase in robot density in 2017 as compared to 2015. Further, the Chinese government's programs, such as the Made in China 2025 plan, are promoting the use of R&D in factory automation and technologies and its investments. Also, as most of the automation equipment is imported from Germany and Japan, the Made in China' initiative aims to expand the country's domestic production of automation hardware and equipment.China is the 28th fastest in the world, and has a very high industrial production rate. These factors act as drivers for the automation market in the country. Investments are being planned for aiding the quality of growth, addressing environmental concerns, and reducing overcapacity, for the same. The number of companies deploying factory and process automation technologies and robotics in the country is less when compared to the enormous size of China's manufacturing base and the number of workers it employs. This trend presents a great opportunity for companies in the industrial automation sector in China.Automation in the country is also expected to be augmented by the uptake of smart manufacturing. As per the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, China is anticipated to initiate 100 smart manufacturing pilot projects in 2018. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan of Smart Manufacturing, China aims to establish its intelligent manufacturing system and complete the key industries' transformation by 2025.Competitive LandscapeThe Factory Automation and Industrial Control Systems market is highly competitive and consists of several major players. In terms of market share, few of the major players currently dominate the market. These major players with prominent share in the market are focusing on expanding their customer base across foreign countries. These companies are leveraging on strategic collaborative initiatives to increase their market share and increase their profitability. The companies operating in the market are also acquiring start-ups working on Factory Automation and Industrial Control Systems to strengthen their product capabilities. In May 2018, Texas Instruments announced the mass production of its highly integrated, ultra-wideband AWR16 and IWR16 mmWave sensors. These sensors support frequencies from 76 to 81 GHz and deliver three times more accurate sensing and the smallest footprint at a fraction of the power of competing for sensor technologies. Thousands of customers are developing with the company's mmWave sensors to enable innovation in automotive and industrial applications, including vehicle occupancy detection, people counting in buildings, machine, and human interaction, and more.Key Topics Covered:                   1 INTRODUCTION2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Market Overview4.2 Introduction to Market Drivers and Restraints4.3 Market Drivers4.3.1 Emphasis on Cost Cutting and Business Process Improvement4.3.2 Increased Adoption of Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine- to-Machine Technologies4.4 Market Restraints4.4.1 Lack of Skilled Workforce Preventing Enterprises from Full-scale Adoption of Factory Automation4.5 Value Chain / Supply Chain Analysis4.6 Industry Attractiveness Porters Five Force Analysis5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 By Product5.1.1 Field Devices5.1.1.1 Machine Vision5.1.1.2 Robotics5.1.1.3 Sensors5.1.1.4 Motors and Drives5.1.1.5 Relays and Switches5.1.1.6 Other Field Devices5.1.2 Industrial Control Systems5.1.2.1 SCADA5.1.2.2 DCS5.1.2.3 PLC5.1.2.4 MES5.1.2.5 PLM5.1.2.6 ERP5.1.2.7 HMI5.1.2.8 Other Control Systems5.2 By End-user Industry5.2.1 Automotive5.2.2 Chemical and Petrochemical5.2.3 Utility5.2.4 Pharmaceutical5.2.5 Food and Beverage5.2.6 Oil and Gas5.2.7 Other End-user Industries5.3 Geography6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Company Profiles6.1.1 Rockwell Automation Inc.6.1.2 Honeywell International Inc.6.1.3 General Electric Co.6.1.4 ABB Limited6.1.5 Dassault Systemes SE6.1.6 Schneider Electric SE6.1.7 Emerson Electric Company6.1.8 Autodesk Inc.6.1.9 Mitsubishi Electric Corporation6.1.10 Siemens AG6.1.11 Aspen Technology Inc6.1.12 Robert Bosch GmbH6.1.13 Texas Instruments Inc.6.1.14 Yokogawa Electric Corporation7 INVESTMENT ANALYSIS8 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDS           For more information         about this  report  visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/zh4njg Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research. CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Related Topics: Industrial Automation  Load-Date: March 30, 2019End of Document

Global Factory Automation & Industrial Controls Markets, 2019-2024 - Increased Adoption of Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine- to-Machine Technologies - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireMarch 29, 2019 Friday 12:56 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business Editors; Manufacturing WritersLength: 1651 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "Factory Automation & Industrial Controls Market - Growth, Trends, and Forecast (2019 - 2024)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The Factory Automation and Industrial Control Systems market is expected to register a CAGR of over 8.4% during the forecast period 2019 - 2024.The evolution of technological advancements and innovations across various manufacturing units have encouraged the adoption of automation technologies. Digitization and Industry 4.0 revolution have significantly stimulated the growth of automation among industries, by necessitating the use of smarter and automated solutions, such as robotics and control systems, to improve production processes.Automation has drastically changed the way of production in the industrial sector, by reducing the manufacturing time and production costs. The production lines in several factories were manual, for a considerable time. Even if there have been improvements in assembly technologies, such as faster pick-and-place machines and smarter reflow ovens, the back-end operations have remained non-automated.Hence, there has been an exponential rise in labor costs. In addition, the quality requirements are also getting more stringent. Against this backdrop, factory automation can cause a reduction in production, operation, and labor costs.Various advancements have been made in the automation of the various activities that were formerly carried out manually, particularly in the labor-intensive manufacturing industry, with most of these being almost fully automated, using the latest technologies. This has led to improved efficiency, high-quality products, and attendant savings in labor and costs.The high costs of automated systems are associated with effective and robust hardware and efficient software. Automation equipment requires higher capital expenditure, to invest in automation technologies (an automated system can cost millions of dollars to design, fabricate, and install). They also require a higher level of maintenance, than a manually operated machine, and a generally lower degree of flexibility in terms of the possible products, as compared to a manual system (even flexible automation is less flexible than humans, the most versatile machines of all).The sluggish adoption of Industrial IoT technologies can be linked to the higher costs for maintaining their connections, considering that M2M connections were charged heavy taxation, similar to mobile device subscriptions. The acquisition and installation cost of a control system for industrial automation represents half of the total cost, during its lifetime. Additionally, the frequent changes in technology and networking result in significant cost, which is more than that of the initial investment, further slowing down the adoption.In addition, significantly low adoption in SMEs, in developing countries like Brazil, which cannot bear the product costs, is restraining the market's growth.Scope of the ReportThe Industrial control and Factory automation is a rising trend in the manufacturing industry which provides smart manufacturing infrastructure. The industrial control and factory automation facilitate cost efficiency, quality of production; standardize manufacturing, reliability, and flexibility in the process of manufacturing. Industrial control and factory automation offers a perfect mix of mechanical components and devices and Information Technology MarketKey Market TrendsUtilities Sector Expected to Register a Significant GrowthThe overall savings from these digitally-enabled measures are estimated to be in the order of USD 80 billion per year over 2016-40, or about 5% of total annual power generation costs based on the enhanced global deployment of available digital technologies to all power plants and network infrastructure.Data centers worldwide consumed around 194 TWh of electricity in 2014, or about 1% of total demand. Although data center workload is estimated to triple by 2020, related energy demand is expected to grow by only 3%, due to continued efficiency gains. This is expected to drive the growth in power generation for meeting the demand from ICT sector.The evolution of smart grid and a synchronization to match the variable demand for the electricity, between the peak demand period to rest of the period demand, is expected to further create high demand from the energy and utilities sector. Due to the automation of processes and a networked system communication, digitalization can help integrate the renewable energy by enabling grids to match energy demand to times when the wind is blowing and the sun is shining.In the European Union alone, increased storage and digitally-enabled demand response is estimated to reduce curtailment of solar PVs and wind power from 7% in 2017 to 1.6% in 2040, avoiding 30 million tons of CO2 emissions in 2040.China Expected to Hold a Major Share in Asia Pacific regionDespite China accounting for 25% of the world's manufacturing activities, its manufacturing productivity is a mere one-fifth of that of developed economies. Companies in the country are, thus, embracing Industry 4.0 to improve productivity. A strong indicator of automation uptake in the country is the 58% increase in robot density in 2017 as compared to 2015. Further, the Chinese government's programs, such as the Made in China 2025 plan, are promoting the use of R&D in factory automation and technologies and its investments. Also, as most of the automation equipment is imported from Germany and Japan, the Made in China' initiative aims to expand the country's domestic production of automation hardware and equipment.China is the 28th fastest in the world, and has a very high industrial production rate. These factors act as drivers for the automation market in the country. Investments are being planned for aiding the quality of growth, addressing environmental concerns, and reducing overcapacity, for the same. The number of companies deploying factory and process automation technologies and robotics in the country is less when compared to the enormous size of China's manufacturing base and the number of workers it employs. This trend presents a great opportunity for companies in the industrial automation sector in China.Automation in the country is also expected to be augmented by the uptake of smart manufacturing. As per the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, China is anticipated to initiate 100 smart manufacturing pilot projects in 2018. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan of Smart Manufacturing, China aims to establish its intelligent manufacturing system and complete the key industries' transformation by 2025.Competitive LandscapeThe Factory Automation and Industrial Control Systems market is highly competitive and consists of several major players. In terms of market share, few of the major players currently dominate the market. These major players with prominent share in the market are focusing on expanding their customer base across foreign countries. These companies are leveraging on strategic collaborative initiatives to increase their market share and increase their profitability. The companies operating in the market are also acquiring start-ups working on Factory Automation and Industrial Control Systems to strengthen their product capabilities.In May 2018, Texas Instruments announced the mass production of its highly integrated, ultra-wideband AWR1642 and IWR1642 mmWave sensors. These sensors support frequencies from 76 to 81 GHz and deliver three times more accurate sensing and the smallest footprint at a fraction of the power of competing for sensor technologies. Thousands of customers are developing with the company's mmWave sensors to enable innovation in automotive and industrial applications, including vehicle occupancy detection, people counting in buildings, machine, and human interaction, and more.Key Topics Covered:1 INTRODUCTION2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Market Overview4.2 Introduction to Market Drivers and Restraints4.3 Market Drivers4.3.1 Emphasis on Cost Cutting and Business Process Improvement4.3.2 Increased Adoption of Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine- to-Machine Technologies4.4 Market Restraints4.4.1 Lack of Skilled Workforce Preventing Enterprises from Full-scale Adoption of Factory Automation4.5 Value Chain / Supply Chain Analysis4.6 Industry Attractiveness Porters Five Force Analysis5 MARKET SEGMENTATION5.1 By Product5.1.1 Field Devices5.1.1.1 Machine Vision5.1.1.2 Robotics5.1.1.3 Sensors5.1.1.4 Motors and Drives5.1.1.5 Relays and Switches5.1.1.6 Other Field Devices5.1.2 Industrial Control Systems5.1.2.1 SCADA5.1.2.2 DCS5.1.2.3 PLC5.1.2.4 MES5.1.2.5 PLM5.1.2.6 ERP5.1.2.7 HMI5.1.2.8 Other Control Systems5.2 By End-user Industry5.2.1 Automotive5.2.2 Chemical and Petrochemical5.2.3 Utility5.2.4 Pharmaceutical5.2.5 Food and Beverage5.2.6 Oil and Gas5.2.7 Other End-user Industries5.3 Geography6 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE6.1 Company Profiles6.1.1 Rockwell Automation Inc.6.1.2 Honeywell International Inc.6.1.3 General Electric Co.6.1.4 ABB Limited6.1.5 Dassault Systemes SE6.1.6 Schneider Electric SE6.1.7 Emerson Electric Company6.1.8 Autodesk Inc.6.1.9 Mitsubishi Electric Corporation6.1.10 Siemens AG6.1.11 Aspen Technology Inc6.1.12 Robert Bosch GmbH6.1.13 Texas Instruments Inc.6.1.14 Yokogawa Electric Corporation7 INVESTMENT ANALYSIS8 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDSFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/iiitzsView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190329005263/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900Related Topics: Industrial Automationhttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: March 30, 2019End of Document

Huawei plays offensively to win supporters in the USCE Noticias Financieras EnglishFebruary 28, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 670 wordsBodyHuawei Technologies has resorted to a combination of ingenuity, sarcasm and defiance to publicly combat allegations that the world's largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer is spying for China. It is a remarkable change for a giant whose founder, Ren Zhengfei , media and avoids open demonstrations of power. The rotating president of the company, Guo Ping , represents the new creed. Walking the stage, before the attendees at the most important conference of the telephone industry this week, the World Mobile in Barceloa, begins with a joke about the demons of the company: " I've never had more interest in Huawei ."  Guo attacked the US, which put a Huawei in the public eye that was presented last year by the Canadian authorities of the financial director Meng Wanzhou , who is also the daughter of the founder. Install the crowd in Barcelona a use of the policy to manage cybersecurity and focus attention on the US, which made sure it is spying on its own corporations. Some members of the audience applauded.  " Prism, prism, who is the most reliable of all ?", He said, to access the private communications of Internet companies. "If you do not answer that, you can ask Edward Snowden."  In the short time since December 1, Huawei has passed the goal of being a leader without remorse of telecommunications security. Assaulted by accusations of helping Beijing, it has been transformed into an open company. That is despite facing a blocking campaign in Europe, Australia and around the world.  The jury is still deliberating about the offensive charm has worked, but in recent weeks, the discussion has been nuanced. European operators have offered help to governments a way to work with Huawei, once security concerns are protected. Leaders in New Zealand, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom have rejected US pressure. by a general ban on the products of the company based in Shenzhen.  "It seems that it has been affected by the responses to the responses from the United States and others who want to see a Huawei in a more granular way," says Graham Webster, a member of the New America research group based in Washington, which studies economics. digital from China.  In January, Huawei invited journalists from foreign media to a round table with billionaire Ren, who denied the accusations of espionage and a link with the Chinese government, and called Donald Trump a "great president."  The company created a website and a Twitter account called @Hweweifacts, began to strengthen its relationships with the media and promoted the new 5G technologies and its newly launched folding mobile phone. On Wednesday, Guo wrote a comment for the Financial Times and the critique of Huawei server hacking by the National Security Agency. "Clearly, the more Huawei equipment is installed in the world's telecommunications networks, the harder it becomes for the NSA to collect everything," he wrote. "Huawei, in other words, hinders US efforts to spy on whoever wants. This is the first reason for the campaign against us. "  Guo's speech in Barcelona seems to take on a new level, an impulse for a sense of urgency. On Thursday, prosecutors in Seattle must detail their criminal case against Huawei, including allegations of theftof intellectual property. On March 1, Canada will have to decide whether to extradite Meng, until the next court date is March 6. "The discourse of the prism was definitely a different level," says Webster, of New America.  By mentioning the US program, Huawei could be trying to win supporters and remind Europe that the US There is no impeccable record in regards to state surveillance, Webster says. Still, Western governments are still cautious about Huawei and have real security issues, while continuing to talk to Samsung Electronics Co. and other technologies related to 5G options.  "If Huawei gets too arrogant, I'm not sure," says Webster.  The Huawei entrance plays offensively in order to win supporters in the US. it was first published in La Tercera. Load-Date: March 1, 2019End of Document

The stock market starts off 2019 with more turbulenceAssociated Press Financial WireJanuary 2, 2019 Wednesday 10:03 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; Financial MarketsLength: 787 wordsByline: By MARLEY JAY, AP Markets WriterDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - The roller-coaster ride on Wall Street resumed on Wednesday, the first trading day of the new year, as stocks plunged early on, then slowly recovered and finished with a slight gain.The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped as much as 398 points in the first few minutes of trading after more shaky economic news from China. But it gradually recouped those losses, and a small rally over the last 15 minutes of trading left major indexes a bit higher than where they started.A Chinese government survey and one by a major business magazine showed manufacturing in China weakened in December as global and domestic demand cooled. That weighed on big exporters, with tech companies like Microsoft and industrials like Boeing taking sharp losses early on, only to bounce back.That kind of whiplash was typical during the last three months of 2018, and many strategists think it is likely to continue.After trading ended, Apple gave a quarterly sales forecast that was far worse than analysts expected. It said its revenue will be lower than previously believed because of China's slowing economy. In aftermarket trading, Apple fell 7 percent. Other tech companies, especially chipmakers, sank as well.Some of last year's worst performers, including energy and internet companies, led the gains Wednesday.After gliding gently higher for years, propelled by rising corporate profits and extremely low interest rates from the Federal Reserve, stocks have been heaving up and down in recent months as a host of fears weigh on investors, including threats to global economic growth.Stocks are coming off their worst year in a decade, and many Americans could be in for a shock when they open their monthly and end-of-the-year 401(k) statements.The benchmark S&P 500 fell 6 percent in 2018, its first substantial loss since 2008, and dropped 14 percent since late September. Many other stock indexes around the world fared even worse last year.The U.S. economy has been expanding for almost a decade, and stocks have risen steadily over that time. From September through the end of December, however, investors became more and more worried that challenges such as U.S.-China trade tensions, rising interest rates and political uncertainty could slow the economy and company profits, and possibly tip the U.S. economy and the global one into a recession.Many Wall Street banks are forecasting a year of modest gains for stocks. But most also say they expect these sharp reversals to continue as investors try to handicap so many unknowns.Vinay Pande, head of trading strategies for UBS Global Wealth Management, said company earnings jumped in 2018 and are likely to keep improving.The S&P 500 index finished with a gain of 3.18 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,510.03, while the Dow rose 18.78 points, or 0.1 percent, to 23,346.24. The Nasdaq composite climbed 30.66 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,665.94.Most markets were closed on Tuesday for New Year's Day.Prices on long-term government bonds rose, a sign investors were looking for safer options. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.63 percent from 2.69 percent.After sharp losses at the start of trading, benchmark U.S. crude jumped 2.5 percent to $46.54 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 2.1 percent to $54.91 per barrel in London. Those gains helped send energy stocks higher.Oil prices have fallen about 40 percent since early October 2018 as investors reacted to the possibility of weaker demand for energy as economic growth slowed. That led to sharp drops in energy companies.Julian Emanuel, chief equity and derivatives strategist for BTIG, said investors often start a new year by buying shares of the companies that did the worst the year before.Meanwhile, health care companies, the best-performing part of the market in 2018, fell Wednesday as drugmakers and insurers lost ground.In other trading:-The dollar fell to 109.21 yen from 109.61 yen. The euro fell to $1.1344 from $1.1445. The British pound slid to $1.2609 from $1.2752.-France's CAC 40 fell 0.9 percent and the British FTSE 100 added 0.1 percent. Germany's DAX rose 0.2 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng tumbled 2.8 percent and Seoul's Kospi gave up 1.5 percent. Tokyo's markets were closed.- Wholesale gasoline rose 1.8 percent to $1.33 a gallon. Heating oil gained 1.3 percent to $1.70 a gallon. Natural gas rose 0.6 percent to $2.96 per 1,000 cubic feet.- Gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,284.10 an ounce and silver added 0.7 percent to $15.65 an ounce. Copper fell 0.3 percent to $2.62 a pound.____Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this story from New York.____AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAPLoad-Date: January 3, 2019End of Document

Trump expected to sign order prioritizing AI research spendingamericanbanker.comFebruary 11, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 SourceMedia LLC d/b/a Arizent. All Rights ReservedSection: Vol. 1; No. 1Length: 412 wordsBodyPresident Trump is expected to sign an executive order Monday that will direct the U.S. government to prioritize artificial intelligence in its research and development spending, according to a White House official.The order, which comes amid concerns about China's ambitions to dominate the sector and the likelihood of disruption for workers as the technology automates millions of jobs, doesn't outline specific funding goals, said the official, who asked not to be named discussing future plans. It does, however, aim to ensure that AI develops in a manner that reflects U.S. values and to push training for the future workforce.The moves occurs less than a week after Trump's State of the Union address, when he said investments in "cutting-edge industries of the future" as part of a broader infrastructure package were "a necessity." The White House's Office of Science and Technology Policy said in a statement during the speech on Feb. 5 that AI was among the industries Trump was referring to, alongside 5G broadband, advanced manufacturing and others.Tech leaders have also been pressing the administration for additional R&D funding and a more focused education strategy.In December, top tech chief executives - including Google's Sundar Pichai, IBM's Ginni Rometty and Microsoft's Satya Nadella -metwith White House officials including Ivanka Trump on similar topics.In May, a top White House technology official, Michael Kratsios,assuredparticipants from more than 100 companies across several sectors of the economy that the administration would pursue a hands-off regulatory approach to AI to allow it to grow unfettered.Monday's order does envision regulatory guidance to ensure the technology is trustworthy, said the White House official.The administration's action occurs against a backdrop of aggressivemovesby China, stoking fears that a country seen by the U.S. as having little respect for privacy will overtake it and establish dominance in a technology with tremendous implications for national security. The Chinese government has made a tenfold increase in AI output a national priority for coming years, and many companies there are deploying machine-learning systems to update banking services, identify faces in crowds, and control drones.The order will not cover intellectual property protections or export controls, which the administration has sought to use to constrain China in other areas, the official said, but aims to open markets for U.http://www.americanbanker.com/articles/trump-expected-to-sign-order-prioritizing-ai-research-spendingLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

Trump expected to sign order prioritizing AI research spendingAmerican BankerFebruary 12, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 SourceMedia LLC d/b/a Arizent. All Rights ReservedSection: Vol. 184; No. 29Length: 412 wordsBodyPresident Trump is expected to sign an executive order Monday that will direct the U.S. government to prioritize artificial intelligence in its research and development spending, according to a White House official.The order, which comes amid concerns about China's ambitions to dominate the sector and the likelihood of disruption for workers as the technology automates millions of jobs, doesn't outline specific funding goals, said the official, who asked not to be named discussing future plans. It does, however, aim to ensure that AI develops in a manner that reflects U.S. values and to push training for the future workforce.The moves occurs less than a week after Trump's State of the Union address, when he said investments in "cutting-edge industries of the future" as part of a broader infrastructure package were "a necessity." The White House's Office of Science and Technology Policy said in a statement during the speech on Feb. 5 that AI was among the industries Trump was referring to, alongside 5G broadband, advanced manufacturing and others.Tech leaders have also been pressing the administration for additional R&D funding and a more focused education strategy.In December, top tech chief executives - including Google's Sundar Pichai, IBM's Ginni Rometty and Microsoft's Satya Nadella -metwith White House officials including Ivanka Trump on similar topics.In May, a top White House technology official, Michael Kratsios,assuredparticipants from more than 100 companies across several sectors of the economy that the administration would pursue a hands-off regulatory approach to AI to allow it to grow unfettered.Monday's order does envision regulatory guidance to ensure the technology is trustworthy, said the White House official.The administration's action occurs against a backdrop of aggressivemovesby China, stoking fears that a country seen by the U.S. as having little respect for privacy will overtake it and establish dominance in a technology with tremendous implications for national security. The Chinese government has made a tenfold increase in AI output a national priority for coming years, and many companies there are deploying machine-learning systems to update banking services, identify faces in crowds, and control drones.The order will not cover intellectual property protections or export controls, which the administration has sought to use to constrain China in other areas, the official said, but aims to open markets for U.http://www.americanbanker.com/articles/trump-expected-to-sign-order-prioritizing-ai-research-spendingLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document

Ferguson, Nye discuss modern challenges to democracyeval(ez_write_tag([[728,90],'stanforddaily_com-box-3','ezslot_0']));The Stanford Daily: Stanford UniversityJanuary 2, 2019 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 738 wordsByline: Daniel YangBodyOn Tuesday, the Hoover Institution held a panel discussion on the challenges that technological change and the communications revolution pose to democracies. Moderated by former U.S. Secretary of State and Hoover senior fellow Condoleezza Rice, the panel was the third in Hoover's "Governance in an Emerging New World" series, led by former Secretary of State George P. Shultz.Harvard professor and former Kennedy School of Government dean Joseph Nye spoke on the panel with Hoover senior fellow Niall Ferguson, who faced controversy in spring over his own online communications. Specifically, leaked emails in May revealed Ferguson's collaboration with the Stanford College Republicans to conduct "opposition research" on a student.The panelists began by addressing the vulnerabilities of democracy in the age of information warfare. Ferguson discussed the rise of technology in the early 2000s and said that the weaponization of information could be detrimental to democracies if not properly managed."The public sphere in the United States dramatically changed in its structure in less than a decade," Ferguson said. "[There is a] real failure of domestic regulation to manage this transformation and to create an economic protection for the democratic system."Nye added that, while foreign powers could exploit the existing divisions in society through information warfare, the root of the problem should be attributed to cultural changes.The panelists also warned against the "echo chamber" effect, the phenomenon where people tend to seek out or be presented with information that only reinforces their own beliefs or views."Network platforms, as presently constituted, are engines not just of confirmation bias ... but [they] are accentuating divisions in our society in a way that is profoundly dangerous," Ferguson said.The panelists also discussed authoritarian regimes' responses to the information challenge. According to Nye, while authoritarian regimes like China and Russia may use "network sovereignty" - claims to exert control over certain network and cyberspace boundaries - to justify censorship and provide Internet stability in the short run, the centralization of information in this way would prove unsustainable in the long run."If something unpredicted occurs, it's not clear that the system that they've developed in China is going to be properly adapted," Nye said. "Right now they have a tactical advantage, but I'm reluctant to say that authoritarians have the answer."Ferguson added that heavy use of surveillance technology by the Chinese government exposes the authoritarian regime's sense of vulnerability."This is a regime that spends more on domestic security than on national security," Ferguson said. "You don't do that if you don't to some level fear about some people."When asked for suggestions on what the road ahead should be for democracies, both panelists called for corporations to take on more social responsibility and for governments to collaborate on ways to better safeguard the cyberspace.Stone Yang '22 and Stanford Medical School visiting researcher Sophie Neuenfeldt said Tuesday's event was thought-provoking."As someone [who is] not from the political academic world, I was impressed by Ferguson's idea that every topic should be discussed and everyone should be open to discussion," Neuenfeldt said."I think [the panelists] expanded and dug deep into the issues, such as international norm-building, that I have been debating myself," Yang added.The fourth event in the series - which will focus on economic development and public transparency in Latin America - will be held on Dec. 3 in the Hauck Auditorium of the Hoover Institution's David & Joan Traitel Building.The article has been edited to show that the Dec. 3 event on Latin America will not be the last in the series - the series will continue in Winter Quarter. The Daily regrets this error.Elena Shao contributed to this report.Contact Daniel Yang at danieljy 'at' stanford.edu.While you're here...We're a student-run organization committed to providing hands-on experience in journalism, digital media and business for the next generation of reporters. Your support makes a difference in helping give staff members from all backgrounds the opportunity to develop important professional skills and conduct meaningful reporting. All contributions are tax-deductible. Support the Daily $25 $50 $100 $500 $1,000Load-Date: January 2, 2019End of Document

Germany launches auction for 5G network frequenciesAssociated Press Financial WireMarch 19, 2019 Tuesday 12:12 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 456 wordsByline: By GEIR MOULSON, Associated PressDateline: BERLIN BodyBERLIN (AP) - Germany began auctioning frequencies for the future super-fast 5G network on Tuesday, amid frustration over conditions imposed by authorities and questions over whether China's Huawei can supply equipment.The auction, launched by the Federal Network Agency, is expected to last several weeks and raise between 3 billion and 5 billion euros ($3.4-5.7 billion) - money the government wants to invest in digitization, such as better IT equipment for schools. Existing network operators Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone and Telefonica are bidding along with newcomer Drillisch.A court last week rejected the current operators' bid to force a delay in the auction. They had objected to requirements they fear might force them to open their networks to competitors, and a call for at least 98 percent of households in every German state to be supplied with fast internet by the end of 2022. There are also requirements for coverage of highways and other roads.The head of IT industry lobby group Bitkom, Achim Berg, said that "companies are being forced into a corset of conditions that raises questions over the economic viability of the planned investments."Separately, German authorities put together security requirements stipulating that system suppliers have to be "trustworthy." They didn't specifically mention Huawei, though it remains to be seen how far they will allow it to become involved in future 5G networks.Security isn't directly an issue in the auction but has simmered in recent weeks, with the U.S. warning Germany that allowing untrustworthy companies to supply equipment for its 5G network could jeopardize the sharing of sensitive information among allies. Washington has argued that allowing Huawei to provide equipment for the new cell networks could facilitate digital espionage by the Chinese government."There are two things I don't think much of: first, arguing out these very sensitive security questions on the open market, and second, simply ruling out a participant per se because it comes from one country," Chancellor Angela Merkel said in Berlin on Tuesday."We should give everyone a chance, but we shouldn't be naive and should see that there are very different laws in China than here," Merkel said. "We must evaluate that and then sound it out in talks with our partners."She added that a European approach would be "desirable."Germany's existing mobile network is notoriously patchy compared with that of other European countries.Last year, Economy Minister Peter Altmaier said he had instructed his office that he didn't want to be put through to foreign colleagues while in his car "because it is really embarrassing if I then have to call back three or four times because I drop out every time."Load-Date: March 20, 2019End of Document

Germany launches auction for 5G network frequenciesAssociated Press InternationalMarch 19, 2019 Tuesday 12:12 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 456 wordsByline: By GEIR MOULSON, Associated PressDateline: BERLIN BodyBERLIN (AP) - Germany began auctioning frequencies for the future super-fast 5G network on Tuesday, amid frustration over conditions imposed by authorities and questions over whether China's Huawei can supply equipment.The auction, launched by the Federal Network Agency, is expected to last several weeks and raise between 3 billion and 5 billion euros ($3.4-5.7 billion) - money the government wants to invest in digitization, such as better IT equipment for schools. Existing network operators Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone and Telefonica are bidding along with newcomer Drillisch.A court last week rejected the current operators' bid to force a delay in the auction. They had objected to requirements they fear might force them to open their networks to competitors, and a call for at least 98 percent of households in every German state to be supplied with fast internet by the end of 2022. There are also requirements for coverage of highways and other roads.The head of IT industry lobby group Bitkom, Achim Berg, said that "companies are being forced into a corset of conditions that raises questions over the economic viability of the planned investments."Separately, German authorities put together security requirements stipulating that system suppliers have to be "trustworthy." They didn't specifically mention Huawei, though it remains to be seen how far they will allow it to become involved in future 5G networks.Security isn't directly an issue in the auction but has simmered in recent weeks, with the U.S. warning Germany that allowing untrustworthy companies to supply equipment for its 5G network could jeopardize the sharing of sensitive information among allies. Washington has argued that allowing Huawei to provide equipment for the new cell networks could facilitate digital espionage by the Chinese government."There are two things I don't think much of: first, arguing out these very sensitive security questions on the open market, and second, simply ruling out a participant per se because it comes from one country," Chancellor Angela Merkel said in Berlin on Tuesday."We should give everyone a chance, but we shouldn't be naive and should see that there are very different laws in China than here," Merkel said. "We must evaluate that and then sound it out in talks with our partners."She added that a European approach would be "desirable."Germany's existing mobile network is notoriously patchy compared with that of other European countries.Last year, Economy Minister Peter Altmaier said he had instructed his office that he didn't want to be put through to foreign colleagues while in his car "because it is really embarrassing if I then have to call back three or four times because I drop out every time."Load-Date: March 20, 2019End of Document

The Real Money Post Industrial Average Continues to SoarRealMoneyFebruary 19, 2019 Tuesday 2:00 PM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 726 wordsByline: Chris VersaceHighlight: The RMPIA rose 10.5% during the first half of the current quarter.BodyWe've closed the books on the first half of the current quarter and as we get ready for the second half, which still has several barrels of corporate earnings to be had, let's take stock of the market's year-to-date performance and that of the  (RMPIA).The stock market continued its upward trajectory during the first half of February, with the major market indices notching gains between 2.6%-4.7%, which brought their year-to-date return for the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average as of last Friday to 10.7%-11.0%. Drivers behind the robust year-to-date moves center on the rollback of December quarter concerns that have the Fed poised to say put on the rate hike front, the slowing domestic economy increasingly viewed as the most vibrant one, the end of the federal government shutdown and progress on the U.S.-China trade war. Indeed, last Friday's market surge reflected "extremely well" talks between senior members of U.S. and Chinese government last week with indications we are likely to see an extension for the March 1 tariff deadline.Even with that melt-up, once again the RMPIA continued to track both the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average during the first half of February and the first half of the current quarter. During the first half of February, RMPIA climbed 1.7%, which when tacked onto its January return saw it rise 10.5% for the first half of the current quarter. That performance was broad based with 28 of RMPIA's 30 constituents moving higher over the last seven weeks. Leading the charge for those 28 gainers were the double-digit moves that ranged between 14%-42% for PayPal Holdings  , Facebook  , Salesforce.com  , Adobe Systems  , Mastercard  , Netflix  and Celegene  . In total, 17 of the average's 30 constituents rose double digits during the first seven weeks of 2019. The two constituents that dragged RMPIA's performance so far in 2019 were Amgen  and Qualcomm  .Over the last several weeks, we've been tracking and sharing the declining outlook for S&P 500 earnings for 2019. As we close this week, roughly 80% of the S&P 500 companies have reported their quarterly earnings and issued outlooks. In aggregating the data, the new consensus calls for a 2.2% year-over-year decline in earnings for the current quarter, low single-digit earnings growth in the June and September quarters and 9.1% growth in the December quarter. In our view, we are once again seeing a potentially optimistic perspective on earnings for the second half of the year. While a U.S.-China trade deal and infrastructure spending bill could very well lead to a better second half of 2019 from an earnings perspective, the unknown remains the vector and velocity of the rest of the global economy.In full, the S&P 500 group of companies are now expected to grow their collective 2019 EPS by 5% to $169.53, which means that as those expectations have fallen over the last several months, the 2019 move in the market has made the stock market that much more expensive.While the preponderance of RMPIA constituents are poised to deliver 2019 EPS growth far ahead of the S&P 500, there are several companies that are poised to deliver modest 2019 EPS gains and, in some cases, declines compared to 2018. Examples include Apple  , Qualcomm  and Gilead Sciences  , but given the long-term nature of RMPIA we are more focused on their multi-year stories given the rollout of 5G mobile technology and their R&D pipelines that should drive top and bottom line growth beyond 2019.We are also hearing of rising delinquencies not only for auto loans, which has hit a multi-year high, but also for student loans as well. Student-loan delinquencies surged last year, hitting consecutive records of $166.3 billion in the third quarter and $166.4 billion in the fourth. We've also noticed an uptick in credit card delinquencies as well this past January. What we find concerning is this record level of delinquencies are occurring even as the unemployment rate remains at multi-year lows, which suggests more consumers are seeing their disposable income pressured - not a good sign for a consumer-led economy. For investors this means being more selective and patiently navigating through the current earnings season, which has yet to include retailer earnings. The December Retail Sales report may not be as rosy as some had expected previously.Load-Date: February 20, 2019End of Document

Chileans Most Worried About Their Internet PrivacyUSNEWS.comJanuary 31, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 U.S. News & World Report All Rights ReservedSection: CIVIC; Best Countries; Vol.; No.Length: 586 wordsByline: Sintia RaduHighlight: Respondents in Chile, Kenya, and Turkey ranked highest in a global survey inquiring about fear of internet privacy breaches.BodyRecent years have marked a shift in how users look at their data online. Beginning with the Cambridge Analytica scandal that exposed private data from millions of Facebook accounts, to the most recent            breach in Apple's Facetime service, internet users around the world are expressing concern that big tech corporations are not keeping their data safe online and are making use of it in unethical business practices. MORE: [China Expands Its Surveillance Model]More people say they are looking into cutting back on social media usage and many are trying to guard their data, while government initiatives around the world are looking into better securing and protecting citizens' private information online. Yet fear of violating internet privacy is greater in some countries than others, regardless of the laws in place and promises from private corporations. The recent 2019 Best Countries survey shows that among the most worried about internet privacy are people in            Chile,            Kenya, and            Turkey, while            Swedes seem the most relaxed. When asked about whether they felt their internet privacy is at risk, nearly 4 in 10 Chilean respondents said they strongly agreed.            Chile has the highest rate of internet penetration in Latin America, but also battles a high number of cyberattacks. More than 100 million such attacks occurred in the South American nation between 2014 and 2015 and the government made a priority to create a national security strategy for data protection that was adopted in 2017. MORE: [10 Countries With the Fastest Internet Speeds]The country's objectives for 2022 look at "a risk management approach to preventing and reacting to incidents, including (the) protection of information infrastructure, combating cybercrime while respecting fundamental rights, building cybersecurity culture through education and accountability, cross-stakeholder cooperation and active participation in multilateral and multi-stakeholder international discussions, and promoting cybersecurity industry innovations." Turkey followed in the survey with more than 33 percent of those questioned saying they feel their privacy is at risk on the internet. The country has a data protection law in place that is compliant with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation. The most prominent cyberattacks on Turkey are tied to North Korean hackers, while some cybersecurity companies in January listed the            U.S. as            the biggest offender of the Turkish cyberspace. [MORE:Europe's Data Privacy Law Leaves Confusion]In Kenya, more than 30 percent of the respondents said they believe their internet privacy is at risk. The country doesn't have a data protection law or a data protection authority, and in 2018 the government sought consulting services from the Chinese government in matters of surveillance and online censorship.            About 4 million cyberattacks reportedly occurred in 2018 in Kenya. The Best Countries survey was conducted in 36 countries and provided no additional explanation about internet privacy. Overall, 21.07 percent of the survey respondents agreed strongly that their internet privacy was at risk, with men being more concerned than women. Respondents aged 18-24 rank the most concerned about their internet privacy.Sintia Radu covers international affairs and technology for U.S. News & World Report. You can follow her on Twitter            @sintiaradu and send her suggestions and ideas at sradu@usnews.comGraphic Picture, Turkish protesters hold signs that read "stop censorship" at a rally in 2014. A recent 2019 Best Countries survey found Turkish citizens are among those most concerned with internet privacy., ADEM ALTAN/AFP/Getty ImagesLoad-Date: February 1, 2019End of Document

Supercomputer Simulations Reveal New Insight on Sea Fog DevelopmentTargeted News ServiceJanuary 14, 2019 Monday 11:47 PM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 811 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: LA JOLLA, California BodyThe University of California San Diego campus issued the following news:* * *- Research Team Uses SDSC's 'Comet' to Better Predict Occurrences and Patterns* * *A recently published study by an international team of researchers has shed new light on how and why a particular type of sea fog forms, using detailed supercomputer simulations to provide more accurate predictions of its occurrence and patterns to help reduce the number of maritime mishaps.The study, published in the January 1, 2019 issue of Atmospheric Research, focused on a significant sea fog event that stretched approximately 400 miles across the Yellow Sea and its surrounding land. Images captured by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on the Aqua satellite allowed the research team to better explain the sensitivity of sea fog simulations to vertical resolution. Researchers used the Comet supercomputer at the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC), an Organized Research Unit of UC San Diego, to develop detailed simulations.NASA data affirms that spring fogs can occur for 50-80 days per year across the Yellow Sea. The fogs occur within the marine atmospheric boundary layer and are responsible for as many as half of the shipping accidents at the Qingdao port, according to the Chinese government. The primary type of fog covering the Yellow Sea is called advection fog, which usually forms when warm, moist air moves into areas with a cold surface.While many previous studies focus on the effects of vertical resolution to better predict atmospheric events such as precipitation and hurricanes, this study aimed to achieve the best prediction of sea fogs using refined vertical resolution, according to the researchers."Inaccurate predictions of sea fog over the Yellow Sea pose a severe risk or damage to many human activities such as aviation, shipping, and the general business economy," explained Xiao-Ming Hu, principal investigator for the study who is with the Center for Analysis and Prediction of Storms (CAPS) at the University of Oklahoma. "Accurate predictions of sea fogs involve a few parameterizations for the atmospheric boundary layer and microphysics processes, all of which requires appropriate resolutions. Finding the optimal configurations among resolutions and parameterization schemes is not only beneficial for predicting sea fogs as demonstrated in this study, but also helps researchers to better understand and predict other meteorological events."The study was conducted by Ocean University of China researchers Yue Yang and Shanhong Gao, and University of Oklahoma researchers Hu and Yongming Wang. The team used the Weather Research and Forecasting (WRF) model to simulate the selected sea fog and examined sensitivity of the WRF simulationsto different vertical resolutions in order to provide insight regarding how the fogs form, as well as developing optimal model configurations to better predict sea fogs.The researchers have been using SDSC's Comet supercomputer since 2016, with allocations obtained via the National Science Foundation's XSEDE (eXtreme Science and Engineering Discovery Environment) program. To date, some 2 million core hours have been used."We have been getting used to the system, and all of our modeling systems have now been installed on Comet," said Hu. "The SDSC technical support has been prompt and very helpful, while the storage on Comet enabled us to save useful model outputs for analysis until the research was eventually published, which was critical. Otherwise we would have had to purchase external storage. All of this really saved our team a great deal of time and money."The optimal model configurations by this study were adopted by the sea fog forecasting system from the Ocean University of China about one year ago, based on draft manuscripts of this research study. The Ocean University of China and University of Oklahoma researchers continue their collaboration to improve meteorological forecasting models in order to reduce the damage of meteorological disasters around the world, with support from supercomputers such as Comet."These studies have large-scale computing requirements that can only be satisfied by large supercomputers such as Comet," said Hu. "Without access to high-performance computing, CAPS would not be nearly as productive."This work was supported by theNational Key Research and Development Program of China(2017YFC1404200,2017YFC1404100) and theNational Natural Science Foundation of China(41276009). The first author received support from China Scholarship Council and the second author was partially supported by theNOAA VORTEX-SE Program through grantNA17OAR4590188 and U.S.-based National Science Foundation (NSF) XSEDE allocation grant TG-ATM160014.Contact: Jan Zverina, 858/534-5111, jzverina@sdsc.eduCopyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6574973 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: January 15, 2019End of Document

SUPERCOMPUTER SIMULATIONS REVEAL NEW INSIGHT ON SEA FOG DEVELOPMENTStates News ServiceJanuary 14, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 851 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: LA JOLLA, Calif. BodyThe following information was released by the University of California - San Diego:By Kim BruchResearch Team Uses SDSC's 'Comet' to Better Predict Occurrences and PatternsEvaluation of surface temperatures simulated with different vertical resolutions (from left to right) using station data over eastern Asia archived by NOAA. This helped researchers identify the optimal vertical resolution for accurately simulating sea fog. Courtesy of the Center for Analysis and Prediction of Storms (CAPS), University of Oklahoma.A recently published study by an international team of researchers has shed new light on how and why a particular type of sea fog forms, using detailed supercomputer simulations to provide more accurate predictions of its occurrence and patterns to help reduce the number of maritime mishaps.The study, published in the January 1, 2019 issue of Atmospheric Research, focused on a significant sea fog event that stretched approximately 400 miles across the Yellow Sea and its surrounding land. Images captured by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on the Aqua satellite allowed the research team to better explain the sensitivity of sea fog simulations to vertical resolution. Researchers used the Comet supercomputer at the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC), an Organized Research Unit of UC San Diego, to develop detailed simulations.NASA data affirms that spring fogs can occur for 50-80 days per year across the Yellow Sea. The fogs occur within the marine atmospheric boundary layer and are responsible for as many as half of the shipping accidents at the Qingdao port, according to the Chinese government. The primary type of fog covering the Yellow Sea is called advection fog, which usually forms when warm, moist air moves into areas with a cold surface.While many previous studies focus on the effects of vertical resolution to better predict atmospheric events such as precipitation and hurricanes, this study aimed to achieve the best prediction of sea fogs using refined vertical resolution, according to the researchers.Inaccurate predictions of sea fog over the Yellow Sea pose a severe risk or damage to many human activities such as aviation, shipping, and the general business economy, explained Xiao-Ming Hu, principal investigator for the study who is with the Center for Analysis and Prediction of Storms (CAPS) at the University of Oklahoma. Accurate predictions of sea fogs involve a few parameterizations for the atmospheric boundary layer and microphysics processes, all of which requires appropriate resolutions. Finding the optimal configurations among resolutions and parameterization schemes is not only beneficial for predicting sea fogs as demonstrated in this study, but also helps researchers to better understand and predict other meteorological events.The study was conducted by Ocean University of China researchers Yue Yang and Shanhong Gao, and University of Oklahoma researchers Hu and Yongming Wang. The team used the Weather Research and Forecasting (WRF) model to simulate the selected sea fog and examined sensitivity of the WRF simulationsto different vertical resolutions in order to provide insight regarding how the fogs form, as well as developing optimal model configurations to better predict sea fogs.The researchers have been using SDSCs Comet supercomputer since 2016, with allocations obtained via the National Science Foundations XSEDE (eXtreme Science and Engineering Discovery Environment) program. To date, some 2 million core hours have been used.We have been getting used to the system, and all of our modeling systems have now been installed on Comet, said Hu. The SDSC technical support has been prompt and very helpful, while the storage on Comet enabled us to save useful model outputs for analysis until the research was eventually published, which was critical. Otherwise we would have had to purchase external storage. All of this really saved our team a great deal of time and money.The optimal model configurations by this study were adopted by the sea fog forecasting system from the Ocean University of China about one year ago, based on draft manuscripts of this research study. The Ocean University of China and University of Oklahoma researchers continue their collaboration to improve meteorological forecasting models in order to reduce the damage of meteorological disasters around the world, with support from supercomputers such as Comet.These studies have large-scale computing requirements that can only be satisfied by large supercomputers such as Comet, said Hu. Without access to high-performance computing, CAPS would not be nearly as productive.This work was supported by theNational Key Research and Development Program of China(2017YFC1404200,2017YFC1404100) and theNational Natural Science Foundation of China(41276009). The first author received support from China Scholarship Council and the second author was partially supported by theNOAA VORTEX-SE Program through grantNA17OAR4590188 and U.S.-based National Science Foundation (NSF) XSEDE allocation grant TG-ATM160014.Load-Date: January 15, 2019End of Document

Tencent win; Oil rises; Starbucks on ChinaCNN WireJanuary 25, 2019 Friday 10:46 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 598 wordsByline: By Rishi Iyengar, CNN BusinessDateline: NEW DELHI (CNN Business) BodyNEW DELHI (CNN Business) --  1. Tencent's gaming win: Tencent can finally make money off new video games again.Chinese authorities granted licenses for two Tencent games this week, ending a nine-month freeze that had pummeled its stock price in 2018. Tencent makes more than 40% of its revenue from games. The company's stock gained 4% in Hong Kong on Friday. Tencent is still waiting for approvals for some of its most highly anticipated mobile games, including "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds."2. Oil rises: Oil prices are rising on fear of disruption to supplies from Venezuela. US crude oil futures and global benchmark Brent were both moving higher, with traders worrying about the escalating standoff between Venezuela and the United States. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro broke off relations with the US government this week, after the White House recognized opposition leader Juan Guaido as Venezuela's legitimate president. President Donald Trump is considering further action against Maduro, including oil sanctions, sources have told CNN. Such sanctions could end up hitting the United States hardest because they would cut off a key source of crude oil for American refineries. "The US will be hurting itself if it does put these sanctions on Venezuela," said Matt Smith, director of commodity research at ClipperData.3. Starbucks on China: Apple and other companies may be struggling because of a slowdown in China, but Starbucks is still upbeat about its prospects there. "We are playing the long game," CEO Kevin Johnson said on an earnings call Thursday. "We remain bullish on our path in China and the growth that lies ahead." China, which could overtake the US as the world's largest retail market this year, saw growth drop to a 28-year low in 2018. But concerns about the health of the second biggest economy could be overblown."There is no reason to panic," Wei Sun Christianson, China CEO for Morgan Stanley, told CNN at the World Economic Forum in Davos. "We are confident," she added.Chinese Vice President Wang Qishan told Davos attendees this week that "China's growth will continue and will be sustainable."Billionaire George Soros struck a very different tone about China late on Thursday. He labeled President Xi Jinping "the most dangerous enemy" of open societies and urged the United States to crack down on Chinese tech firms.4. Global market overview: US stock futures were up on Friday.European markets edged higher in early trading, while major stock markets in Asia also closed higher.5. Earnings and economics: Colgate-Palmolive is set to release earnings before the open Friday.Ericsson posted its first annual sales growth since 2013. The Swedish telecoms firm is a leading player in 5G technology, and competes with China's Huawei. "Growth was partly due to a higher than anticipated activity level in North America driven by increased 5G demand among the US operators," the company said in its 2018 earnings report. Ericsson shares were up around 3% in early trading in Europe. Several governments and companies around the world have placed restrictions on the use of Huawei's 5G equipment because of concerns that it could be used by China for spying. Vodafone said Friday it had decided to "pause" its use of Huawei's equipment in its core networks in Europe to allow time for discussions with governments, regulators and the Chinese company itself. Huawei denies that its products pose security risks.6. Coming this week:Friday --- Colgate-Palmolive (CL) earningsTM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: January 26, 2019End of Document

Apple buys 10% more from US suppliers in 2018CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 28, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 332 wordsBody SAN FRANCISCO - Apple revealed on Monday that in 2018 it increased its purchases to US suppliers of parts and components for its products by 10% for its products such as iPhone phones and iPad tablets, despite President Donald Trump's criticism that the company does not manufacture Enough in the United States.  In an unusual communiqué published on the company's website, the signature of the bitten apple indicated that in 2018 it was spent 60,000 million dollars in the North American country, which implies a rise of 10% with respect to its purchases of 2017 .  According to the company, these suppliers have employed "more than 450,000 employees" in the United States during the past 12 months and have contributed to creating "more than 2 million jobs" since 2011.  The Cupertino-based company even named some of these providers, such as Skyworks of Massachusetts, Qorvo of Oregon and Broadcom of Colorado, which manufacture wireless communication components.  On January 4, Trump publicly asked Apple to move the production of its popular iPhone phones and the rest of its products from China to the United States, a scenario that was convinced that it will happen.  "I want Apple to manufacture its iPhones and all the good products it makes in the United States, and that is something that is going to happen," the president said at a press conference held in the White House gardens.  "Apple manufactures its products in China, I told Tim Cook, who is a friend of mine, 'manufacture your products in the country, build those nice big plants that stretch for miles here,'" Trump said.  "China is the biggest beneficiary of Apple, more than us", riveted the president in a new episode of the trade war that his Administration maintains with the Chinese Government.  The Californian company, which will present its results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 on Tuesday, had revised that week its expectations downwards due to a slowdown in sales of iPhones, especially in China. Load-Date: January 28, 2019End of Document

Tech, Media & Telecom Trends 2019: Emerging Technologies will Continue to Cause Significant Disruption - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireJanuary 14, 2019 Monday 4:18 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business EditorsLength: 508 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "Tech, Media & Telecom Trends 2019 - Thematic Research" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.Tech, Media & Telecom Trends 2019 analyses the major trends impacting companies across 15 TMT sectors. While many of these trends are specific to individual sectors, there are several broad themes as well.Emerging technologies will continue to cause significant disruptionEvery TMT sector will experience major upheaval due to emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), process automation, and the Internet of Things (IoT). In order to maintain their position, leading incumbents will have to adapt to market conditions that are changing profoundly and at pace, while also fending off challenges from innovative start-ups.China's influence on the global TMT industry will growChina's growing influence across every segment of the technology sector is not an accident, but an intrinsic part of the country's strategic plan. The Chinese government has made clear its desire to lead globally in AI and has also invested significantly in other emerging technologies such as 5G. At the same time, the country's leading technology companies are emerging as major forces on the global stage, with the likes of Alibaba and Huawei expanding their international presence. Consequently, companies in all TMT sectors should be watching developments in China very closely.Other Highlights• Cybersecurity will become a priority for all senior executives• Political issues will present major challenges for TMT companies• Regulation will be an issue for the tech giants, but it will not stop them growingScope• This report covers 15 TMT sectors, incorporating hardware (semiconductors; servers, storage and networking equipment; consumer electronics; industrial automation; and component makers), software (application software; cloud; video games software; and security software), IT services, Internet & media (ecommerce; social media; advertising; and music, film and TV), and telecoms.• It also looks at the big issues that keep senior industry executives awake at night, from technology themes like artificial intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT) to macroeconomic themes like Brexit and the US-China trade war, and regulatory themes such as data privacy and net neutrality.Companies Featured• Aixtron• Alibaba• Alphabet• Amazon• AMD• AMS• Broadcom• Ciena• Cisco• Cloudera• DJI• Fitbit• Garmin• GoPro• Hikvision• HP Inc• HTC• Ingenico• Inventec• iRobot• Lenovo• Logitech• Microsoft• Nikon• Nintendo• Ocado• Omron• Oracle• Siemens• Sony• TDK• TE Connectivity• Valeo• Yageo• and many more...For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6wk53t/tech_media_and?w=4View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190114005600/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900Related Topics: Media and Entertainment ,            Telecommunications and Networkshttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: January 15, 2019End of Document

5 things to know for March 7: House Dems, Huawei, Trudeau, Facebook, Alex TrebekCNN WireMarch 7, 2019 Thursday 11:06 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 845 wordsByline: By Doug Criss, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  Ready to explore Italy's iconic Cinque Terre coastline? Just make sure to leave the flip-flops at home or you'll be fined. Here's what else you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door. (You can also get "5 Things You Need to Know Today" delivered to your inbox daily. Sign up here.)1. House DemocratsSince taking over the House, Democrats have marched pretty much in lockstep under House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. But the unity seems to be coming apart, as the Dems can't seem to get their act together over what sounds like a no-brainer: passing a resolution condemning anti-Semitism. The need for such a resolution rose out of the controversy over remarks by freshman Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar. The Minnesota lawmaker, one of only two Muslim women in Congress, has twice made comments many interpreted as being anti-Semitic. The plan to deal with this was to pass the resolution.But that fell apart yesterday at a reportedly raucous closed-door meeting of Democrats. Some freshman and female lawmakers, including many from the Congressional Black Caucus, said they felt Omar was being treated unfairly and held to a different standard than white, male, Christian lawmakers. So, there was talk of updating the resolution to include language condemning anti-Muslim bias as well. The vote is on hold for now.2. HuaweiOne of China's biggest tech companies is pushing back against the United States. Huawei, the world's biggest maker of telecom equipment, sued the US government over a law that bans federal agencies from buying its products. A company official said Congress acted as "judge, jury and executioner" in passing the law. The US wanted the ban because it worries Huawei's products, including its smartphones, could be used by the Chinese government to spy on other nations, something Huawei denies.3. Justin TrudeauCanadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's good guy persona is taking a hit in a scandal that threatens his political future. Trudeau is accused of pressuring the country's former attorney general to help an influential Quebec-based construction company settle a criminal case and avoid prosecution for alleged bribery. Trudeau denies this, but some members of his Cabinet have resigned. Now Canadian lawmakers are holding hearings to get to the bottom of it all. The growing scandal comes at a bad time, too, for Trudeau and his Liberal Party. National elections in Canada are just seven months away.4. FacebookA Facebook that would put privacy first? Don't laugh. Mark Zuckerberg says that's his vision for a new Facebook. The social media giant's founder and CEO laid it all out in post, saying he wants Facebook to become more secure, including by encrypting messages. Zuckerberg said Facebook would make it easier for users to have messages and content disappear after a certain time period, and he touted Instagram Stories, which disappear after 24 hours. He also hinted at integrating the services of Facebook with WhatsApp and Instagram, a move that some say would give the social media platform even more power.5. Alex TrebekA collective wave of concern rolled out last night as word spread that "Jeopardy!" host Alex Trebek has been diagnosed with Stage 4 pancreatic cancer. Trebek, 78, broke the news himself in a video posted on the show's YouTube account. He said he plans to keep working while he fights to "beat the low survival rate statistics for this disease." Trebek even joked that he must keep hosting the game show, as he has since 1984, because his contract runs for three more years. Messages of love and support quickly filled social media, a sign Trebek is a rare TV personality who can bring us all together.BREAKFAST BROWSELast one standingAbout two decades ago, it seemed as if Blockbuster was going to take over the planet. Now, there's only one left on Earth.Best wishesA dying man in Connecticut had one of his final wishes fulfilled: a phone call from President Trump.Alone no moreBook lovers will have to switch on the TV, now that Netflix is turning Gabriel Garcia Marquez's masterwork "One Hundred Years of Solitude" into a series.Today in facepalmA Mexican TV personality wore brownface to mock "Roma" star Yalitza Aparicio and is shocked -- shocked -- at the outrage.HAPPENING LATERSentencing dayEx-Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort is set to be sentenced today on bank fraud and tax evasion charges. He faces up to 25 years in prison.TODAY'S NUMBER21The number of horses that have died in the last 10 weeks at Santa Anita Park. The Southern California racetrack has closed indefinitely while investigators try to figure out what's causing the deaths.TODAY'S QUOTE"So bear with me and know that I am grateful for all the love. Just, being grateful quietly."Sophie Perry, 18, on dealing with the death of her father, actor Luke PerryTODAY'S WEATHERAND FINALLYAll my friends know the snow riderWho says adults can't have fun in the snow? This man busts some serious moves while plowing in Idaho. (Click to view.)TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: March 8, 2019End of Document

5 things to know for March 7: House Dems, Huawei, Trudeau, Facebook, Alex TrebekCNN.comFebruary 26, 2019 Tuesday 6:06 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: USLength: 832 wordsByline: By Doug Criss, CNNBodyReady to explore Italy's iconic Cinque Terre coastline? Just make sure to leave the flip-flops at home or you'll be fined.Here's what else you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door. (You can also get "5 Things You Need to Know Today" delivered to your inbox daily. Sign up here.)1. House DemocratsSince taking over the House, Democrats have marched pretty much in lockstepÂ under House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. But the unity seems to be coming apart, as the Dems can't seem to get their act together over what sounds like a no-brainer: passing a resolution condemning anti-Semitism. The need for such a resolution rose out of the controversy over remarks byÂ freshman Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar. The Minnesota lawmaker, one of only two Muslim women in Congress, has twice made comments many interpreted as being anti-Semitic. The plan to deal with this was to pass the resolution.But that fell apart yesterdayÂ at a reportedly raucous closed-door meeting of Democrats. Some freshman and female lawmakers, including many from the Congressional Black Caucus,Â said they felt Omar was being treated unfairly and held to a different standard than white, male, Christian lawmakers. So, there was talk of updating the resolution to include language condemning anti-Muslim bias as well. The vote is on hold for now.2. HuaweiOne of China's biggest tech companies is pushing back against the United States. Huawei, the world's biggest maker of telecom equipment, sued the US government over a law that bans federal agencies from buying its products. A company official said Congress acted as "judge, jury and executioner" in passing the law. The US wanted the ban because itÂ worries Huawei's products, including its smartphones,Â could be used by the Chinese government to spy on other nations, something Huawei denies.3. Justin TrudeauCanadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's good guy persona is taking a hit in a scandal that threatens his political future. Trudeau is accused of pressuring the country's former attorney general to help an influential Quebec-based construction company settle a criminal case and avoid prosecution for alleged bribery. Trudeau denies this, but some members of his Cabinet have resigned. Now Canadian lawmakers are holding hearings to get to the bottom of it all. The growing scandal comes at a bad time, too, for Trudeau and his Liberal Party. National elections in Canada are just seven months away.4. FacebookA Facebook that would put privacy first? Don't laugh. Mark Zuckerberg says that's his vision for a new Facebook. The social media giant's founder and CEO laid it all out in post, saying he wantsÂ Facebook to become more secure, including by encrypting messages. ZuckerbergÂ said Facebook would make it easier for users to have messages and content disappear after a certain time period, and he touted Instagram Stories, which disappear after 24 hours. He also hinted at integrating the services of Facebook with WhatsApp and Instagram, a move that some say would give the social media platform even more power.5. Alex TrebekA collective wave of concern rolled out last night as word spreadÂ that "Jeopardy!" host Alex Trebek has been diagnosed with Stage 4 pancreatic cancer. Trebek, 78,Â broke the news himself in a video posted on the show's YouTube account. He said he plansÂ to keep working while he fights to "beat the low survival rate statistics for this disease." Trebek even joked that he must keep hosting the game show, as he has since 1984, because hisÂ contract runs for three more years. Messages of love and support quickly filled social media, a sign Trebek is a rare TV personality who can bring us all together.BREAKFAST BROWSELast one standingAbout two decades ago, it seemed as if Blockbuster was going to take over the planet. Now, there's only one left on Earth.Best wishesA dying man in Connecticut had one of his final wishes fulfilled: aÂ phone call from President Trump.Alone no moreBook lovers will have to switch on the TV, now that Netflix is turningÂ Gabriel Garcia Marquez's masterwork "One Hundred Years of Solitude" into a series.Today in facepalmA Mexican TV personality wore brownface to mock "Roma" star YalitzaÂ Aparicio and is shocked -- shocked -- at the outrage.HAPPENING LATERSentencing dayEx-Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort is set to be sentenced today on bank fraud and tax evasion charges. He faces up to 25 years in prison.TODAY'S NUMBER21The number of horses that have died in the last 10 weeks at Santa Anita Park. The Southern California racetrack has closed indefinitely while investigators try to figure out what's causing the deaths.TODAY'S QUOTE"So bear with me and know that I am grateful for all the love. Just, being grateful quietly."Sophie Perry, 18, on dealing with the death of her father, actor Luke PerryTODAY'S WEATHERAND FINALLYAll my friends know the snow riderWho says adults can't have fun in the snow? This man busts some serious moves while plowing in Idaho. (Click to view.)Load-Date: March 8, 2019End of Document

Commodities Rose on Tightening Crude Oil Inventories and Higher Demand Expectations for MetalsPR NewswireFebruary 12, 2019 Tuesday 9:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1401 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, Feb. 12, 2019 BodyPR Newswire Commodities increased as OPEC+ reduced crude oil production and as demand expectations for industrial metals grew.The Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return increased for the month, with 21 out of 23 constituents posting gains.Credit Suisse Asset Management observed the following:Energy increased 9.22%. Saudi Arabia and Russia were voluntarily reducing production and exports while Libyan and Iranian production also decreased. Industrial Metals gained 8.05%, led higher by Nickel, after the Chinese government pledged additional stimulus measures following a $29 billion tax cut plan for small businesses, raising demand expectations for base metals. Agriculture was 3.04% higher for the month. Soybean Oil gained as adverse dry weather conditions in Brazil hurt soybean crop growth during the main grain filling season. Livestock declined 1.50%, led lower by Lean Hogs, as severe cold weather in the US Midwest region closed some pork production facilities, while also lowering pork consumption expectations. Precious Metals increased 3.23% as the US dollar weakened due to higher market expectations for a slower trajectory in interest rate hikes in 2019 by the Fed.Nelson Louie, Global Head of Commodities for Credit Suisse Asset Management, said: "At the end of 2018, OPEC and its allies agreed to cut output by approximately 1.2M bbls/day relative to October 2018 levels. So far, data for December 2018 suggests they are on their way to meeting their stated objective. As markets continue to monitor compliance to the agreement, ongoing geopolitical tensions may also play a role. US sanctions on Venezuela's state-owned oil company may potentially slow down the production of refined products in the US, as Texas and Louisiana refineries, which typically process heavier grades of crude from Venezuela, struggle to find alternative supplies. In addition, as US sanctions on Iran remain in place, various European nations have implemented a new trading mechanism, called the Instrument in Support of Trade Exchanges, to continue doing business with Iran. If the US deems this mechanism in violation of its sanctions, retaliatory punishments may be put in place. Any new trade barriers enacted by the US may weaken global growth prospects."Christopher Burton, Senior Portfolio Manager for the Credit Suisse Total Commodity Return Strategy, added: "There is currently concern in many global regions about potentially slowing growth. Although British Prime Minister Theresa May's separation plan was rejected in January, both the UK and Eurozone are heavily incentivized to find a resolution in order to avoid a hard landing. Following a large drop in the Eurozone's industrial production reading for November, the ECB noted that there are now more downside risks to its economy. In China, effects from ongoing US-China trade tensions continued to harm its economy as the National Bureau of Statistics Purchasing Managers' Index for January revealed that China's manufacturing activity contracted for a second straight month. In the US, the Fed has committed to maintaining a patient approach to future monetary tightening. Central banks globally continue to seem more focused on preventing headwinds from slowing down growth than they are concerned about higher levels of inflation. Any upside surprises to growth may also result in greater-than-expected inflation, which should be supportive of the commodities asset class given its historically high correlation to unexpected inflation."About the Credit Suisse Total Commodity Return StrategyCredit Suisse's Total Commodity Return Strategy is managed by a team with over 35 years of combined experience, and seeks to outperform the return of a commodities index, such as the Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return or the S&P GSCI Total Return Index, using both a quantitative and qualitative commodity research process. Commodity index total returns are achieved through:Spot Return: price return on specified commodity futures contracts; Roll Yield: impact due to migration of futures positions from near to far contracts; and Collateral Yield: return earned on collateral for the futures.As of January 31, 2019, the Team managed approximately USD 8.0 billion in assets globally.Press ContactsCandice Sun, Corporate Communications, +1 (212) 325-8226,candice.sun@credit-suisse.comAndre Rosenblatt, Corporate Communications, +1 (212) 325-8230,andre.rosenblatt@credit-suisse.comCredit Suisse AGCredit Suisse AG is one of the world's leading financial services providers and is part of the Credit Suisse group of companies (referred to here as 'Credit Suisse'). Our strategy builds on Credit Suisse's core strengths: its position as a leading wealth manager, its specialist investment banking capabilities and its strong presence in our home market of Switzerland. We seek to follow a balanced approach to wealth management, aiming to capitalize on both the large pool of wealth within mature markets as well as the significant growth in wealth in Asia Pacific and other emerging markets, while also serving key developed markets with an emphasis on Switzerland. Credit Suisse employs approximately 45'560 people. The registered shares (CSGN) of Credit Suisse AG's parent company, Credit Suisse Group AG, are listed in Switzerland and, in the form of American Depositary Shares (CS), in New York. Further information about Credit Suisse can be found athttp://www.credit-suisse.com.Important Legal InformationThis document was produced by and the opinions expressed are those of Credit Suisse as of the date of writing and are subject to change. It has been prepared solely for information purposes and for the use of the recipient. It does not constitute an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of Credit Suisse to any person to buy or sell any security. Any reference to past performance is not necessarily a guide to the future. The information and analysis contained in this publication have been compiled or arrived at from sources believed to be reliable but Credit Suisse does not make any representation as to their accuracy or completeness and does not accept liability for any loss arising from the use hereof.Certain information contained in this document constitutes "Forward-Looking Statements" (including observations about markets and industry and regulatory trends as of the original date of this document), which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may", "will", "should", "expect", "anticipate", "target", "project", "estimate", "intend", "continue" or "believe", or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties beyond our control, actual events, results or performance may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Credit Suisse has no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements in this document.Certain risks relating to investing in Commodities and Commodity-Linked Investments:Exposure to commodity markets should only form a small part of a diversified portfolio. Investment in commodity markets may not be suitable for all investors. Commodity investments will be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity volatility, exchange-rate movements, changes in interest rates, and factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Commodity markets are highly volatile. The risk of loss in commodities and commodity-linked investments can be substantial. There is generally a high degree of leverage in commodity investing that can significantly magnify losses. Gains or losses from speculative derivative positions may be much greater than the derivative's original cost. An investment in commodities is not a complete investment program and should represent only a portion of an investor's portfolio management strategy.Copyright © 2019, CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/commodities-rose-on-tightening-crude-oil-inventories-and-higher-demand-expectations-for-metals-300793808.htmlSOURCE Credit Suisse AGLoad-Date: February 13, 2019End of Document

Global Semiconductor Intellectual Property Market to 2024 by Design IP, IP Source, Vertical and RegionGlobeNewswireJanuary 8, 2019 Tuesday 3:57 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1106 wordsBodyDublin, Jan.  08, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The     "Semiconductor Intellectual Property (IP) Market by Design IP (Processor IP, Interface IP, Memory IP), IP Source (Royalty & Licensing), Vertical (Consumer Electronics, Telecom, Industrial, Automotive, Commercial), and Region - Global Forecast to 2024"   report has been added to     ResearchAndMarkets.com's  offering.    The semiconductor IP market is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2018 to USD 6.5 billion by 2024, at a CAGR of 4.78%Major factors driving the semiconductor IP market include advancement in multicore technology for consumer electronics sector and increasing demand for modern SoC designs. Owing to the benefits such as high switching speed, power efficiency, and the suitability with various consumer electronics and devices, the memory IP market is expected to show a significant growth. Further, the requirement of the better safety and advanced features in automobile gives rise to the necessity of installation of more number of memory devices per vehicle.The processor IP market is expected to hold the largest market share during the forecast period. Processor IPs have several use cases in consumer electronics and automotive verticals, which also cost high. These are used in advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and infotainment systems in automobile sector. These processors are mainly classified into 3 major processing units such as microprocessor unit (MPU), microcontroller unit (MCU), and digital signal processor (DSP). The semiconductor IP market for automotive is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growth of semiconductor IP in the automotive sector is due to increasing application of microprocessor units (MPUs), microcontroller units (MCUs), sensors, analog integrated circuits (ICs), interfaces, and memory in autonomous and premium cars. Approximately 100 processors are used in a high-end automobile, which makes it a flourishing applications segment in the semiconductor IP market.APAC is expected to lead the semiconductor IP market and also expected to be the fastest growing region. This is mainly attributed to the presence of key manufacturers such as Samsung, Hitachi, Nissan, Panasonic, and Honda. China, Japan, South Korea, and India offer some of the prolific electronics manufacturers in APAC. Favorable policies by the Chinese Government and increased funding for promoting applications of semiconductors are expected to further drive the semiconductor IP market in China. Therefore, there is a continuous demand for semiconductor IP in APAC.Key Topics Covered:          1 Introduction2 Research Methodology3 Executive Summary 4 Premium Insights     4.1 Attractive Opportunities in Semiconductor IP Market    4.2 Semiconductor IP Market, By Design IP    4.3 Market, By IP Source    4.4 Market, By Vertical    4.5 Market in APAC, By Design IP and Country    4.6 Market, By Region5 Market Overview     5.1 Introduction    5.2 History and Evolution    5.3 Market Dynamics           5.3.1 Drivers                    5.3.1.1 Advancement in Multicore Technology for Consumer Electronics Sector                    5.3.1.2 Increasing Demand for Modern SOC (System on Chip) Designs                    5.3.1.3 Mitigation of the Continuously Rising Chip Design Cost and Expenditure                    5.3.1.4 Growing Demand for Connected Devices           5.3.2 Restraints                    5.3.2.1 Constant Changes in Technology                    5.3.2.2 Concern Related to Moore's Law           5.3.3 Opportunities                    5.3.3.1 Embedded Dsp IP and Programmable Dsp IP Segments to Have Tremendous Growth Potential in the Coming Future                    5.3.3.2 Huge Prospects for the Semiconductor IP Market Because of Avionics and Aerospace and Defense Sectors           5.3.4 Challenges                    5.3.4.1 Impact of IP Thefts, Counterfeits, and Conflicts on the Market    5.4 Value Chain Analysis6 Semiconductor IP Market, By Design IP     6.1 Introduction    6.2 Processor IP           6.2.1 Microprocessor Unit           6.2.2 Microcontroller Unit           6.2.3 Digital Signal Processor    6.3 Interface IP    6.4 Memory IP    6.5 Other IP           6.5.1 Digital-To-Analog Converters           6.5.2 Analog to Digital Converter7 Semiconductor IP Market, By IP Source     7.1 Introduction    7.2 Royalty    7.3 Licensing8 Semiconductor IP Market, By Vertical     8.1 Introduction    8.2 Consumer Electronics    8.3 Telecom    8.4 Industrial    8.5 Automotive    8.6 Commercial    8.7 Others9 Geographic Analysis     9.1 Introduction    9.2 Americas           9.2.1 US           9.2.2 Canada           9.2.3 South America           9.2.4 Mexico    9.3 Europe           9.3.1 Germany           9.3.2 UK           9.3.3 France           9.3.4 Rest of Europe    9.4 APAC           9.4.1 Japan           9.4.2 China           9.4.3 South Korea           9.4.4 India           9.4.5 Taiwan           9.4.6 Rest of APAC    9.5 RoW10 Competitive Landscape      10.1 Introduction     10.2 Market Ranking Analysis     10.3 Competitive Scenario             10.3.1 Product Launches & Developments             10.3.2 Collaborations             10.3.3 Partnerships & Agreements             10.3.4 Acquisitions & Expansion11 Company Profiles      11.1 Introduction11.2 Key Players             11.2.1 Arm Holdings             11.2.2 Synopsys             11.2.3 Cadence             11.2.4 Imagination Technologies             11.2.5 Lattice Semiconductor             11.2.6 Ceva             11.2.7 Rambus             11.2.8 Mentor Graphics             11.2.9 Ememory             11.2.10 Sonics, Inc.     11.3 Other Ecosystem Players             11.3.1 Dream Chip Technologies             11.3.2 Transpacket             11.3.3 Achronix Semiconductor             11.3.4 Open-Silicon, Inc.             11.3.5 Dolphin Integration             11.3.6 Faraday Technology             11.3.7 Xilinx             11.3.8 Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC)             11.3.9 Eureka Technology             11.3.10 Cobham GaislerFor more information         about this  report  visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/cjc338/global?w=12         Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.      CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Related Topics: Semiconductor Load-Date: January 9, 2019End of Document

Trade war delaying Chinese automaker's US plansAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 14, 2019 Monday 11:21 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 638 wordsByline: By JEFF KAROUB and TOM KRISHER, Associated PressDateline: DETROIT BodyDETROIT (AP) - The U.S.-China trade war has delayed but not derailed Chinese automaker GAC Motor's plans to enter the American market, company officials said Monday.Company President Yu Jun, speaking at Detroit's North American International Auto Show, said the dispute is a factor in moving its U.S. product launch from the end of this year - as it announced at last year's show - to June 2020. Still, analysts think they might have a longer road to the market.President Donald Trump imposed tariff increases of up to 25 percent on $250 billion of Chinese imports over complaints Beijing steals or pressures companies to hand over technology. President Xi Jinping responded by imposing penalties on $110 billion of American goods.Washington wants Beijing to change its plans to use government support to make Chinese companies world leaders in robotics and advanced technologies. Chinese officials have suggested Beijing might alter its industrial plans but reject pressure to abandon what they consider a path to prosperity and global influence.A Dec. 1 agreement postponed further tariff increases. Economists say the 90-day postponement of additional tariff increases that had been meant to take effect Jan. 1 may be too short to settle the disputes bedeviling U.S.-Chinese relations.Yu said the 25 percent auto tariffs would cause prices to rise to the point that GAC's cars aren't competitive. He's optimistic that the trade dispute will be resolved in time for his company to meet its latest goal."China and the United States are the world's two largest economies, so their trade tensions will not only affect these two countries but also the entire world," he said through an interpreter. "So we believe the leaders of both countries will show their wisdom and the vision for the common interest of the entire world."Yu acknowledged GAC's "uphill battle" to entering the U.S. market but he noted the company is making "steady progress." In addition to opening the design centers in Los Angeles, Silicon Valley and Detroit, he said it expects to have its North American sales company running by March. After that, GAC will start to establish a distribution network and build brand awareness in the U.S.GAC officials visited the National Automobile Dealers Association convention last March, holding an event that attracted 130 dealership companies from 30 states representing 1,100 dealers, he said. He added many expressed a "keen interest" in working with the company, which has continued discussions with them. GAC plans to attend the convention again this year."By entering the U.S. we can examine our own capabilities and challenge ourselves to build even better products," he said.IHS Markit analyst Stephanie Brinley said GAC's announcement underscores its commitment to launch in the U.S., but stressed the company must jump many hurdles, starting with regulatory and trade, and then consumer awareness and consideration.It could all "take several years to overcome," she said."However, if the company can maintain its patience and commitment, it is ultimately a question of when rather than if they reach the U.S. market," she added.At its fifth Detroit show, GAC unveiled a concept called the Entranze. The "hyper family car" comes from GAC's Los Angeles design center and Yu said the sleek, seven-person crossover, is the first to be designed in the U.S. However, GAC's first vehicle in the U.S. is expected to be the GS8, a full-size SUV that will cost about $30,000.GAC sought to tamp down the trade tensions and put on a show for the assembled journalists, featuring dancers who aggressively pulled the tarp off the Entranze and executives who spoke glowingly of the U.S. and a history of commerce between the nations that has benefited consumers."We believe American consumers will enjoy our products," Yu said.Load-Date: January 15, 2019End of Document

Trade war delaying Chinese automaker's US plansAssociated Press State & LocalJanuary 14, 2019 Monday 11:21 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 638 wordsByline: By JEFF KAROUB and TOM KRISHER, Associated PressDateline: DETROIT BodyDETROIT (AP) - The U.S.-China trade war has delayed but not derailed Chinese automaker GAC Motor's plans to enter the American market, company officials said Monday.Company President Yu Jun, speaking at Detroit's North American International Auto Show, said the dispute is a factor in moving its U.S. product launch from the end of this year - as it announced at last year's show - to June 2020. Still, analysts think they might have a longer road to the market.President Donald Trump imposed tariff increases of up to 25 percent on $250 billion of Chinese imports over complaints Beijing steals or pressures companies to hand over technology. President Xi Jinping responded by imposing penalties on $110 billion of American goods.Washington wants Beijing to change its plans to use government support to make Chinese companies world leaders in robotics and advanced technologies. Chinese officials have suggested Beijing might alter its industrial plans but reject pressure to abandon what they consider a path to prosperity and global influence.A Dec. 1 agreement postponed further tariff increases. Economists say the 90-day postponement of additional tariff increases that had been meant to take effect Jan. 1 may be too short to settle the disputes bedeviling U.S.-Chinese relations.Yu said the 25 percent auto tariffs would cause prices to rise to the point that GAC's cars aren't competitive. He's optimistic that the trade dispute will be resolved in time for his company to meet its latest goal."China and the United States are the world's two largest economies, so their trade tensions will not only affect these two countries but also the entire world," he said through an interpreter. "So we believe the leaders of both countries will show their wisdom and the vision for the common interest of the entire world."Yu acknowledged GAC's "uphill battle" to entering the U.S. market but he noted the company is making "steady progress." In addition to opening the design centers in Los Angeles, Silicon Valley and Detroit, he said it expects to have its North American sales company running by March. After that, GAC will start to establish a distribution network and build brand awareness in the U.S.GAC officials visited the National Automobile Dealers Association convention last March, holding an event that attracted 130 dealership companies from 30 states representing 1,100 dealers, he said. He added many expressed a "keen interest" in working with the company, which has continued discussions with them. GAC plans to attend the convention again this year."By entering the U.S. we can examine our own capabilities and challenge ourselves to build even better products," he said.IHS Markit analyst Stephanie Brinley said GAC's announcement underscores its commitment to launch in the U.S., but stressed the company must jump many hurdles, starting with regulatory and trade, and then consumer awareness and consideration.It could all "take several years to overcome," she said."However, if the company can maintain its patience and commitment, it is ultimately a question of when rather than if they reach the U.S. market," she added.At its fifth Detroit show, GAC unveiled a concept called the Entranze. The "hyper family car" comes from GAC's Los Angeles design center and Yu said the sleek, seven-person crossover, is the first to be designed in the U.S. However, GAC's first vehicle in the U.S. is expected to be the GS8, a full-size SUV that will cost about $30,000.GAC sought to tamp down the trade tensions and put on a show for the assembled journalists, featuring dancers who aggressively pulled the tarp off the Entranze and executives who spoke glowingly of the U.S. and a history of commerce between the nations that has benefited consumers."We believe American consumers will enjoy our products," Yu said.Load-Date: January 15, 2019End of Document

Here's How I'd Play Boeing, Though Delta Might Be a Better OptionRealMoneyMarch 11, 2019 Monday 11:31 AM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 704 wordsByline: Stephen GuilfoyleHighlight: Easing into the aircraft maker on its bad news is one way to go, as are call options expiring this Friday.BodyAmong our ranks, out there somewhere is the trader who paid $445 for Boeing Co.  last week. I won't lie to you, I'm an aggressive fellow. Good thing I hang around smart people. As the guy with the pitchfork sits on one shoulder repeatedly telling me to grab some here, I think of the three-day rule. Wait ... there's a much safer way to play this.I think of other times when I have sold short (naked) puts at distant strikes in high-priced, potentially volatile names. Thankfully, not today. I once spent months fixing a situation I put myself in concerning Nvidia Corp.  . By the way, I did get out of that one alive, but it did become my focus for far too long. That was completely unnecessary.So, no, we will not throw that wayward trader a life preserver down many percentage points from last week's highs. That said, is there something creative we can do to try to turn a buck as money moves across these markets? Always is. The WhatOn Sunday morning, just in case the reader is unaware, an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 737 Max 8 took off from Addis Ababa. The intent was to land in Nairobi, Kenya. The aircraft lost contact six minutes later. At least at first glance, there are similarities between this crash that cost the 157 people on board their lives and the Lion Air crash five months ago off the coast of Indonesia that coast the 189 people on board that plane their lives.The crew of that Lion Air 737 Max 8 was known to have battled to maintain control over their aircraft following what reportedly may have been some kind of equipment malfunction. On that front, Boeing has been working with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to create a software fix for an anti-stall function designed for the 737 Max 8. That function, known as the MACS (Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation System), was thought to have triggered a sensor reading that had repeatedly pushed that craft down prior to the crew losing control. No one knows if Sunday's problem is related. The black box, though damaged, was recovered. The Response The Chinese government responded by grounding the nation's entire fleet across several carriers of 737 Max 8s. This is thought to impact less than 100 aircraft in total. Indonesia then followed China's lead. U.S. carriers that have taken delivery of the 737 Max 8 would be Southwest Airlines Co.  , American Airlines  and United Airlines  .Southwest remains confident in the "safety and airworthiness" of its entire fleet. LUV flies 31 of these aircraft. American flies 24 of them. So far, I have not seen a major U.S. airline say anything along the lines of grounding the aircraft. Potential RamificationsIt's almost a certainty that the purchase of aircraft from Boeing will be a significant part of any trade deal that the U.S. and China might reach. Does this throw a monkey wrench in the works? My guess is only if indeed this crash is similar to the crash five months back. Only if this would create a significant delay in Boeing's ability to deliver. This obviously complicates matters, but I do not think this derails an agreement if everything else falls in place.That said, the item is undeniably a bargaining chip. Boeing shares have rallied from early levels while I have been working on this piece. My thought is this: I may purchase a small amount of shares. I usually lead into a position with roughly one-eighth of my intended size. Here, it may be wise to start out with one-sixteenth. I would expect that the investor is going to have to create an average price over weeks. I would not enter above $387. For me, I need the initial tranche to be purchased between the 50-day simple moving average (SMA) of $382 and the 50% retracement level off of the 2019 rally ($368).A risk-averse trader could purchase $405 calls expiring this Friday for a cool $4 or so, while selling $425 calls with the same expiration for about a buck. This way, there is a profit to be had and a technical snapback at a fixed expense. Better IdeaDelta Air Lines  trades at 7x forward-looking earnings, pays a better dividend (2.8%) than the competition, and it does not look like it has taken delivery of the aircraft in question. The way to play this news on a budget is to get long some Delta.Load-Date: March 12, 2019End of Document

The global smart transformer market is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of about 9.10% during the forecast years of 2019-2027PR NewswireFebruary 12, 2019 Tuesday 6:07 PM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 589 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, Feb. 12, 2019 BodyPR NewswireKEY FINDINGSThe global smart transformer market is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of about 9.10% during the forecast years of 2019-2027. The smart transformers market is primarily driven by factors such as a rise in industrial growth, timeworn infrastructure leading to investment in smart grids, increasing production of electricity, compliance with regulatory standards and rising demand for green energy.Read the full report:https://www.reportlinker.com/p05039864MARKET INSIGHTSThe global smart transformers market is segmented by type, by component, and by the application.The market by type is further segmented into distribution transformer, power transformer, instrument transformer, and specialty transformer.The market by the component is further segmented into converter, switch, and other components.The market by application is further segmented into electric vehicle charging station, traction locomotives, power (distribution) grid, and alternative power generation.Infrastructure cost for smart transformers and fluctuations in raw materials are the major factors hindering the smart transformers market. Due to the number of regulatory and operational challenges the industries are on advancement in traditional transformers.REGIONAL INSIGHTSGeographically, the global Smart Transformers market is bifurcated into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the remaining countries constituting the Rest of World segment.The Asia Pacific region is anticipated to be the fastest growing region during the forecast period.The regional market will be mainly driven by the conversion of distribution equipment and aging power transmission. China is currently leading the market scene due to continuous heavy investments in the smart grid by the Chinese government and the increased demand for electricity in the smart and suburban cities of China.COMPETITIVE INSIGHTSThe global smart transformer market is a fragmented market that houses both; domestic vendors and global players such as General Electric, ABB Ltd. and Mitsubishi Electric Corporation. All these companies are actively contributing to generating the revenue of the global smart transformers market by trying to adopt new technologies, thus increasing their global presence. Some of the powerful companies operating in the global market are Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited, Eaton Corporation PLC, Schneider Electric SE, Howard Industries, Inc., Tesla Transformers Ltd., General Electric Co., Siemens AG, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Maschinenfabrik Reinhausen GmbH, Crompton Greaves Ltd., SPX Transformer Solutions and ABB Ltd.Companies mentioned1. ABB LTD.2. CROMPTON GREAVES LTD.3. EATON CORPORATION PLC4. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO.5. HOWARD INDUSTRIES, INC.6. MITSUBISHI ELECTRIC CORPORATION7. SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC SE8. SIEMENS AG9. SPX TRANSFORMER SOLUTIONS10. BHARAT HEAVY ELECTRICALS LIMITED11. MASCHINENFABRIK REINHAUSEN GMBH12. TESLA TRANSFORMERS LTD.Read the full report:           https://www.reportlinker.com/p05039864AboutReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Contact Clare:clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-global-smart-transformer-market-is-anticipated-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-about-9-10-during-the-forecast-years-of-2019-2027--300794157.htmlSOURCE ReportlinkerLoad-Date: February 13, 2019End of Document

Bullish SunTrust Previews Alibaba's Q3 PrintBenzinga.comJanuary 28, 2019 Monday 8:23 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Accretive Capital LLC d/b/a Benzinga All Rights ReservedLength: 314 wordsByline: Priya NigamBodyAlibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) is scheduled to report third-quarter earnings Jan. 30. Singles Day performance is likely to have supported the results, and slowing expense growth may boost short-term profitability, according to SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.The AnalystAnalyst Youssef Squali maintains a Buy rating on Alibaba with an unchanged $180 price target. The ThesisAlibaba could report net revenue of 120.5 billion RMB, representing 38.2-percent year-on-year growth, marginally beating the consensus expectation of 119.2 billion RMB, Squali said in a Monday note. The company s EBITA is likely to come in at 35.1 billion RMB, just shy of the consensus of 35.2 billion RMB, he said. National Bureau of Statistics data suggests a deceleration in growth in China s online retail sales of physical goods. Growth is estimated to have slowed from 23.9 percent in Q3 to 20.7 percent in Q4.While macro concerns have adversely impacted China s online sales growth, this market should continue to grow faster than most others and become the world's largest retail market by end of 2019, Squali said. And Alibaba may remain a share gainer in this market, he said. Alibaba will benefit from the Chinese government s proposed measures to boost consumption of cars and household appliances and to cut small business taxes, in SunTrust's view.Price ActionAlibaba shares were trading down slightly at $159.14 at the time of publication Monday. Related Links:3 Catalysts That Make Alibaba A Top Mega-Cap Pick At MKMThe 'Amazon Effect' And How Bringg Helps Companies Gain More CustomersPhoto courtesy of Alibaba. Latest Ratings for BABADateFirmActionFromToDec 2018MizuhoAssumesBuyNov 2018MKM PartnersMaintainsBuyBuyNov 2018UBSMaintainsBuyBuyView More Analyst Ratings for BABA           View the Latest Analyst Ratings© 2019 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.Load-Date: January 29, 2019End of Document

Real Money Post-Industrial Average Records 7% Gain So Far in 2019RealMoneyJanuary 16, 2019 Wednesday 3:01 PM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 622 wordsByline: Chris VersaceHighlight: The RMPIA is once again outpacing the S&P 500, Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq Composite Index.BodyLast night we closed the books on the first half of trading in January, which has been quite the reversal from how we ended 2018. All the major market indices have rebounded between 3.2%-5.9%, with the Nasdaq taking the lead as technology stocks have recovered.Out of the gate for 2019, the  (RMPIA) is once again taking the lead over the S&P 500, Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq Composite Index as it finished up more than 7% for the first half of January.That outperformance for RMPIA reflects the upward moves in 24 of the average's 30 constituents, including double-digit gains at six of them. Those double-digit moves higher span 11.5% at the low end for Amazon  to a just under 38% for Celgene  , which is being fueled by the takeover from Bristol-Myers Squibb  . Closely behind Celgene, is Netflix  , which saw its shares pop earlier this week following the announcement that the company would boost its membership fees by 13%-18%. That will likely result in Wall Street boosting its revenue expectations for the coming quarters as well as reassessing not only the company's ability to spend on proprietary content but also service its debt.Alongside RMPIA's march higher, however, we continue to get data pointing to the global economy slowing relative to expectations we had several months ago, which is raising questions over not only GDP prospects for the coming year but also earnings.Stoking those earnings growth concerns were negative pre-announcements from Apple  , Samsung, LG, Macy's  , Target  and Kohl's  over the last two weeks. That combination points to slower smartphone demand, but I continue to see it picking up in the coming quarters as the 5G ripples its way across our network operators and devices offering consumers a reason to upgrade their devices. This week we can add Delta Airlines  , Dialog Semiconductor  , Nordstrom  , Electronics for Imaging  , Sherwin Williams  and Ford Motor Company  to that list, as well as earnings misses from Wells Fargo WFC , BlackRock BLK and others. Not what one wants to hear as the December quarter earnings season gets underway.Adding fuel to the uncertainty, this morning rail company Genesee & Wyoming  reported traffic volumes for December fell 4.8% year over year. That piles on the limited data we are getting, which included the January reading for the Empire State Manufacturing Survey General Business Conditions Index that fell to 3.9 from 11.5 in December. That drop was led by a deceleration in new orders, inventories, and the number of employees. The survey's six-month outlook also dropped, falling to 17.8 from 30.6 last month. These data points fit the view that there is a slowdown in manufacturing activity, which has piqued concerns about a broader slowdown in economic activity unfolding in 2019.On top of that, yesterday Sen. Chuck Grassley said U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer saw little progress on "structural issues" in last week's talks with China. These issues include intellectual property, stealing trade secrets, and putting pressure on corporations to share information with the Chinese government and industries. These issues are the very ones I was concerned about in terms of the trade negotiations. With China cutting its growth forecast some days ago to 6% from 6.5% and more data pointing to that economy cooling, there is likely room for the trade talks to include those issues, but my concern remains the ticking timeline until tariffs jump further. If that comes to pass, it would be another headwind to the global economy and corporate earnings for the coming quarters.These are like likely to present near-term issues for the market, but we'd remind readers RMPIA has been created for the long haul.Load-Date: January 17, 2019End of Document

The semiconductor IP market is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2018 to USD 6.5 billion by 2024, at a CAGR of 4.78%PR NewswireJanuary 8, 2019 Tuesday 8:06 PM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 804 wordsDateline: NEW YORK, Jan. 8, 2019 BodyPR NewswireThe overall semiconductor IP market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.78% from 2018 to 2024Read the full report:https://www.reportlinker.com/p05147405The semiconductor IP market is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2018 to USD 6.5 billion by 2024, at a CAGR of 4.78%. Major factors driving the semiconductor IP market include advancement in multicore technology for consumer electronics sector and increasing demand for modern SoC designs. Owing to the benefits such as high switching speed, power efficiency, and the suitability with various consumer electronics and devices, the memory IP market is expected to show a significant growth. Further, the requirement of the better safety and advanced features in automobile gives rise to the necessity of installation of more number of memory devices per vehicle.The processor IP market for semiconductor IP is expected to hold the largest share during the forecast periodThe processor IP market is expected to hold the largest market share during the forecast period.Processor IPs have several use cases in consumer electronics and automotive verticals, which also cost high.These are used in advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and infotainment systems in automobile sector. These processors are mainly classified into 3 major processing units such as microprocessor unit (MPU), microcontroller unit (MCU), and digital signal processor (DSP).The market for automotive vertical is expected to witness highest growth from 2018 to 2024The semiconductor IP market for automotive is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period.The growth of semiconductor IP in the automotive sector is due to increasing application of microprocessor units (MPUs), microcontroller units (MCUs), sensors, analog integrated circuits (ICs), interfaces, and memory in autonomous and premium cars.Approximately 100 processors are used in a high-end automobile, which makes it a flourishing applications segment in the semiconductor IP market.APAC is likely to witness highest growth during the forecast periodAPAC is expected to lead the semiconductor IP market and also expected to be the fastest growing region.This is mainly attributed to the presence of key manufacturers such as Samsung, Hitachi, Nissan, Panasonic, and Honda.China, Japan, South Korea, and India offer some of the prolific electronics manufacturers in APAC.Favorable policies by the Chinese Government and increased funding for promoting applications of semiconductors are expected to further drive the semiconductor IP market in China.Therefore, there is a continuous demand for semiconductor IP in APAC.Break-up of the profiles of primary participants:· By Company Type: Tier 1 - 20%, Tier 2 - 25%, and Tier 3 - 55%· By Designation: Directors -40%, C-Level Executives - 25%, and Others - 35%· By Region: Americas - 20%, Europe - 25%, APAC - 50%, and RoW - 5%A few semiconductor IP ecosystem players are as follows: ARM Holdings (UK), Synopsys (US), Cadence (US), Imagination Technologies (UK), Lattice Semiconductor (US), CEVA (US), Rambus (US), Mentor Graphics (US), eMemory (Taiwan), and Sonics (US).Research Coverage:This research report segments the global semiconductor IP market on the basis of IP design, IP source, vertical, and geography.The report discusses major drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities pertaining to the semiconductor IP market and also include value chain.The study also includes an in-depth competitive analysis of the key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.Key Benefits of Buying the ReportThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall semiconductor IP market and the sub-segments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to better position their businesses and to plan suitable go-to-market strategies.The report also helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.Read the full report:https://www.reportlinker.com/p05147405AboutReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.__________________________Contact Clare:clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-semiconductor-ip-market-is-expected-to-grow-from-usd-4-9-billion-in-2018-to-usd-6-5-billion-by-2024--at-a-cagr-of-4-78-300775057.htmlSOURCE ReportlinkerLoad-Date: January 9, 2019End of Document

RECON: ROCHE, AC IMMUNE HALT TWO LATE-STAGE ALZHEIMER'S TRIALSStates News ServiceJanuary 30, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1329 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: ROCKVILLE, MD BodyThe following information was released by the Regulatory Affairs Professionals Society:By Michael MezherWelcome to Regulatory Reconnaissance, your daily regulatory news and intelligence briefing.In Focus: USHow a Tainted Heart Drug Made in China Slipped Past the FDA (Bloomberg)Despite Raising Prices, Big Pharma Is Selling Drugs for Less (WSJ)Roche, AC Immune drop Alzheimer drug trials after setback (Reuters) (Endpoints) (Press)Biogen Slips as Roche Spikes Alzheimer's Trials on Weak Data (Bloomberg) (STAT)House, Senate Hearings Address Pharmaceutical Prices (Focus) (The Hill) (STAT) (Reuters)On Both Ends of Capitol, Both Parties Warn Big Pharma on Drug Prices (NYTimes)Wyden: Pharma Execs Must Come to Congress (Senate Finance)Trump ally Meadows says president wants to work with House Democrats to lower drug prices (CNBC)Novartis: Alternative payments will reset the paradigm for covering gene, cell therapies (Fierce)Pharma Investors, Pick Your Poison (WSJ)Amgen falls 3% after 2019 outlook falls short (CNBC)Allergan worst performer on SandP 500 after weak outlook (Financial Times) (Reuters)Anthem To Launch PBM Earlier, Ending Express Scripts Deal In March (Forbes)Progressives gear up for 'Medicare for All' fight (Politico) (Reuters)Insys executive gave doctor lap dance while promoting drug, witness says (Reuters)Patients Suffer As Insurers And Big Health Systems Spar For Market Share (NPR)In Focus: InternationalABPI warns over skills shortages (PharmaTimes) (Pharmafile) (ABPI)Israeli company that claims cure for cancer would face years of testing ahead for US market even if it works (CNBC) (Forbes) (Jerusalem Post)Undeterred by Sanofi's stumble, Takeda takes similar path with dengue shot (Reuters)Novartis aims for 10 blockbuster launches by 2020 (PMLive)Novartis forecasts mid-single digit sales growth in 2019 (Financial Times)If a Government Cant Deliver Safe Vaccines for Children, Is It Fit to Rule? (NYTimes)Data Breaches Dent Singapores Image as a Tech Innovator (NYTimes)Natco dares Novartis with new heart drug (Economic Times)Strides to exit investment in Arrow for AUD 394 million (Economic Times)Swine flu outbreak kills 76 in India's desert state of Rajasthan (Reuters)Open-source drug discovery takes aim at malaria and neglected diseases (CandEN)Japan should put the brakes on stem-cell sales (Nature)Fexinidazole, the first all-oral treatment for sleeping sickness, approved in Democratic Republic of Congo (DNDi)Pharmaceuticals and BiotechnologyThese pricey new cancer therapies are custom-made. Can they ever be more mainstream? (STAT)Combating cancer around the world means keeping patients at the center (STAT)FDA Pushes Back eCTD Deadline for Type III DMFs Again (Focus)New blood thinners better than warfarin for atrial fibrillation (Reuters)Harvard Study Finds Older Insulins Are Safe as Well as Cheaper (Bloomberg)Its time to get serious about the economics of expanded access (STAT)FDA Warns Chinese OTC Drugmaker, Florida Fertility Center (Focus)Right To Try Conversation Should Be Redirected Toward Reimbursement Of Unapproved Drugs, Experts Say (Pink Sheet-$)Hoping to brake a slow crash, Aduros Stephen Isaacs hits the reset button, axing staff in reorganization (Endpoints)Polaris Amir Nashat pulls together a $60M launch round to back the birth of a new biotech building a drug development platform from scratch (Endpoints)Path to the top: What kind of experience does it take to get tapped for the helm of a biotech? (Endpoints)Hit by trial setback, Aslan slashes staff and a study hunkering down in wait for pivotal data (Endpoints)Novartis Translational Medicine Head Evan Beckman Talks Digital Endpoints (Pink Sheet-$)Biogen 4th-qtr beats expectations (PharmaLetter-$)An Unclear Path For Microbiome-Based Products At FDA (Law360-$)Commissioner Gottlieb and CBER Director Marks Deliver State of Cell and Gene Therapy Joint Statement (FDA Law Blog)Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology: Study Results, Filings and DesignationsJandJ scores another PhIII win for Erleada as it continues to build a blockbuster franchise (Endpoints) (Press)Merck Receives Breakthrough Therapy Designation from FDA for V114, the Companys Investigational 15-Valent Conjugate Vaccine for the Prevention of Invasive Pneumococcal Disease, in Infants, Children, and Adolescents (Press)BioInvent Receives FDA Orphan Designation for BI-1206 for Mantle Cell Lymphoma (Press)Aradigm Announces Submission of Responses to EMA Day 120 Questions and Meeting with FDA (Press)Eureka Therapeutics Announces US FDS Clearance of IND Application for Phase 1/2 Trial of ET140202 Artemis T-Cell Therapy, for the Treatment of Liver Cancer (Press)Medical DevicesExperimental phone app works with insulin pumps to control diabetes (Reuters)Cybersecurity: FDA, Industry Groups Welcome Joint Plan (Focus)Gottlieb: Legacy Device Safety Is Critical Cybersecurity Challenge (IHP-$)Philips faces $69m hit from Trump trade war (MassDevice)US govt shutdown again delays closing for Fresenius-NxStage merger (MassDevice)Stryker shares rise on Q4, FY2018 earnings Beat (MassDevice)Boston Scientific closes Millepede buyout (MassDevice)Medtronic Announces Positive Results from the Largest ENB Study to Aid in Lung Cancer Diagnosis, Staging, and Treatment Preparation in a Single Minimally Invasive Procedure (Press)Kurin, Inc. Receives FDA 510(k) Clearance for Its Novel Kurin Lock with Peripheral IV Infusion Set (Press)Qualigen Receives FDA Clearance for its FastPack IP SHBG Assay (Press)US: Assorted and GovernmentChinese national draws 27-month sentence in Medtronic, Edwards trade theft case (MassDevice)US senator asks JandJ for documents on talc, baby powder safety (Reuters)NYC's Healthcare-for-All Collides With Hospital Woes (Bloomberg)Celgene Says Drug Buyers' Second Try For Cert. No Better (Law360-$)Investor Sues Drugmaker Over Lack Of Control Group In Trials (Law360-$)Bellwether Trial In Opioid MDL Delayed Another 7 Weeks (Law360-$)Miami Nice Personal Jurisdiction Decision (Drug and Device Law)Chinese Biotech Co. Says Gov't Bias Behind H-1B Visa Denials (Law360-$)High Court Outlook For False Claims Act Cases In 2019 (Law360-$)Reducing Patents Gets Attention From House Freedom Caucus At Pricing Hearing (Pink Sheet-$)Two South Texas Doctors Sentenced to Prison for Roles in Separate Multi-Million Dollar Medicare Fraud Schemes (DoJ)Upcoming Meetings and EventsFDA Advisory Committee CalendarCTTI and FDA Convene Workshop on Including Patient Perspectives in Clinical Trials 18 March 2019EuropeFremanezumab Among Latest EU Drug Hopefuls While Patients Speak Up On Pacritinib (Pink Sheet-$)UK Inquiry Schedules Public Hearing On Availability Of Vertexs Orkambi (Pink Sheet-$)A positive agenda for intellectual property in Switzerland (Guest blog) (EFPIA)AsiaChina medical device control office issues new IVD classification (Pacific Bridge Medical)Patent protections bolstered in South Korea (Pacific Bridge Medical)Asia Regulatory Roundup: Leading Drugmakers Pressure Australian Government to Commit Resources to Regulatory Reforms (Focus)Other InternationalWhy Couldnt My Ebola Treatment Center Save This Baby? (NYTimes)General Health and Other Interesting ArticlesGoFundMe CEO says one-third of all fundraisers are now for for medical reasons (The Hill)Searching for the Genetic Underpinnings of Morning Persons and Night Owls (NYTimes)Regulatory Reconnaissance is our daily intelligence briefing for the regulatory affairs space, bringing you the top regulatory news stories from around the globe. Each weekday morning, we aim to bring you the latest highlights of new approvals, meetings, legal and political developments, regulations and guidance, and the latest trends with the potential to impact regulatory affairs professionals and the industry in which they work.Need to contact the editor of Regulatory Reconnaissance? Email us at news@raps.orgA story's inclusion in Regulatory Reconnaissance does not imply endorsement by Regulatory Focus or RAPS.Load-Date: January 31, 2019End of Document

US, China extend talks on trade battle for 3rd dayAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 9, 2019 Wednesday 4:14 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 272 wordsByline: By JOE McDONALD, AP Business WriterDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - U.S. and Chinese envoys extended trade talks into a third day Wednesday, as President Donald Trump said negotiations aimed at ending a tariff war were "going very well!"The two governments have announced no details, but Asian stock markets rose on news the negotiations that originally were planned for two days were extended.The two sides are meeting face-to-face for the first time since Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping agreed on Dec. 1 to suspend further punitive action against each other's imports for 90 days while they negotiate over the fight sparked by American complaints Beijing steals or pressures companies to hand over technology."Talks with China are going very well!" Trump said late Tuesday on Twitter.Washington is pressing Beijing for changes including rolling back plans for government-led creation of Chinese global champions in robotics and other fields. Europe, Japan and other trading partners echo Washington's complaints that those violate Beijing's market-opening obligations.Chinese officials have suggested Beijing might alter its industrial plans but they have rejected pressure to abandon their blueprint for greater prosperity and global influence. They have tried to defuse pressure for more sweeping change by offering concessions including purchasing more American soybeans, natural gas and other exports.An official Chinese newspaper warned Washington not to demand too much.China is strong and has its own needs, said the Global Times, published by the ruling Communist Party. Washington "cannot push China too far" and must avoid a situation that "spins out of control."Load-Date: January 9, 2019End of Document

Huawei founder breaks silence for the first time since 2015CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 15, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 522 wordsBody       Accusations that Huawei is targeted are ranging from espionage to foreign territories through technology sold in those countries to violations of sanctions against Iran that resulted in the detention of the company's CFO - which is also the daughter of the founder. In this context, it pronounces itself in its defense.  Ren Zhengfei, the founder of China's Huawei, is not given to public communications - he has not made any statements to the press for more than three years. However, it has now publicly denied the accusations of the United States to the company it created, which led to the detention of Ren's daughter as Huawei's CFO.  "I love my country, I support the Communist Party, but I will not do anything to harm the world," said the billionaire, adding, "I do not see a relationship between my personal political beliefs and Huawei's business."  At the same time, Ren took the opportunity to praise Trump, describing him as a "great president" and says he will await the intervention of the American leader in the detention of Huawei's daughter and CFO by judicial authorities. The daughter, Meng Wanzhou, is detained in Canada and awaiting extradition to the United States on charges of selling equipment produced in the United States to Iran, in violation of international sanctions imposed by Washington.  "We need to treat companies and countries well so that they are willing to continue to invest in the United States, and the Government can raise enough taxes," he said.  Meng's arrest has put Huawei in the crossfire of China-US technology rivalry. The US government sees the Chinese company - a major global supplier of mobile phone equipment - as a potential national security risk. In President Donald Trump's team, some are particularly keen to stop Huawei from providing equipment for the migration of US mobile operators to 5G technology, which promises to accelerate the adoption of stand-alone cars and Internet-connected devices.  The controversy between Washington and Beijing arises even in a context in which both territories dispute the technological domain in the next decades. Trump is in the lead Ren is a legend in China's business world. It survived as millions starved as a result of economic policies implemented by Mao Tse Tung and managed to erect a technology company that makes $ 92 billion. Huawei is the largest smartphone maker in China and the second largest in the world, surpassing Apple, according to consultancy firm IDC. However, the company's success may reverse if it finds a demarcated opposition from the United States: a ban on the purchase of US technology and components would be a hard blow to Huawei. The Trump government imposed this penalty on the Chinese ZTE, but stepped back.  A full US trade veto would not apply only to components, but also to software and patents from US companies, analysts Edison Lee and Timothy Chau of Jefferies Securities warned. "If Huawei can not license Google's Android or Qualcomm's patents on 4G and 5G radio access technology, it will not be able to manufacture 4G / 5G smartphones or base stations," they wrote in a report. Load-Date: January 15, 2019End of Document

Anitoa Introduces Android Apps for Portable Maverick 4-Channel qPCR Systems; Completes 64 Tests Simultaneously in 30-min for On-site TestsPR NewswireMarch 11, 2019 Monday 9:43 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 560 wordsDateline: MENLO PARK, Calif., March 11, 2019 BodyPR Newswire Anitoa Systems, a Menlo Park, CA startup, today at Tri-Con San Francisco announced the Android mobile apps for its Maverick family of 4-channel qPCR systems. This 4-channel qPCR system can test 4 nucleic acid targets simultaneously in one sample, and up-to 64 genetic tests simultaneously in a 16-well model.  When the Maverick qPCR system is connected to an Android smartphone or tablet through USB or Bluetooth, the Android mobile apps automatically detects and performs genetic tests for users who can benefit from getting actionable results within 30 minutes.Combining the mobile apps, 4-channel multiplex capability, light-weight portability, and lower cost, the Maverick qPCR system is ideal for field or on-site tests. "We are receiving urgent and surging demands of on-site portable qPCR systems all over China due to the widespread of African Swine Fever (ASF) in 28 provinces and 111 cases as reported by officials. The Chinese government mandates all pig slaughterhouses to run ASF virus tests on pig products before selling," said Yuping Chung, SVP and Co-founder.Maverick qPCR is light-weight, portable and lower cost, thanks to its proprietary and industry's most sensitive ultra-low light CMOS bio-optical sensor capable of 3e-6 lux low-light detection. The entire device weighs between 950g to 1.5Kg for 4/8/16-well models.  Using the CMOS technology and powered by 10.5V DC, the Maverick qPCR systems can be powered by an optional battery pack for mobility.Using industry standard 0.2mL micro tubes, the Maverick qPCR is an open system suitable for various molecular or nucleic acid tests (NAT). It eliminates the need of proprietary cartridges, thus reducing the total cost.  Designed for portability and high reliability, the Maverick qPCR system has no moving components inside. It eliminated the needs of mechanical or optical calibration, dramatically increased the reliability, and reduced the maintenance cost. Compared to other solutions in the market, Maverick qPCR shortened the test time by achieving faster temperature ramp rate, eg. ramp-up as fast as 5.5oC/sec and ramp-down down as fast as 4oC/sec."Now with the Android mobile app, the Maverick qPCR system is even easier to operate in the field or on-site. Its ability of running genetic test within 30 minutes has enabled many customers to increase their economic benefits by reducing the total test turn-around time in food safety, water treatment monitoring, agricultural processing monitoring, and other applications," said Yuping Chung.The Maverick qPCR is available for purchase now for < $4,500 for the base model. For pricing and availability, please contact Anitoa atinfo@anitoa.comAbout AnitoaAnitoa Systems, established in 2013 based in Menlo Park, California, develops highly-integrated system-on-chip (SoC) products for point-of-care diagnostics systems.  Anitoa's molecular sensor technology, consisting of a CMOS Bio-Optical Sensor and proprietary Intelligent Dark-current Management algorithm, enables compact and portable NAT (nucleic-acid-test) platform for molecular diagnostics.Sales & PR Contact:Anitoa Systems, LLC+408-887-6026210756@email4pr.com View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/anitoa-introduces-android-apps-for-portable-maverick-4-channel-qpcr-systems-300809913.htmlSOURCE Anitoa Systems, LLCLoad-Date: March 12, 2019End of Document

Extra Innings: Esports offers promising futureDaily Trojan: University of Southern CaliforniaFebruary 15, 2019 FridayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 738 wordsByline: Ryan FawwazBodyIf you still think esports are not a legitimate profession, think again. China's Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security announced last month that it will now recognize 15 new professions, two of which are in the realm of esports. Esports professionals and esports observers were welcomed in the same breath as A.I. engineers and drone pilots.But at the end of the day, why does that matter? The Chinese government validating a bunch of nerds playing World of Warcraft in their mom's basement doesn't necessarily make esports a legitimate profession.The second season of the Overwatch League started last night. Regardless of your stance on esports, no one can deny that it is a profitable business. Players, owners and coaches are making money (and a lot of it) off of video games, but the Overwatch League in particular presents one of the most intriguing business models in esports for a couple of reasons.First and foremost, Blizzard Entertainment, the company that created "Overwatch," has done a wonderful job marketing the league to the typical esports viewer. In its inaugural season of "Overwatch" last year, Blizzard compiled the world's best players into 12 teams and two divisions. This year, they have expanded the league to 20 teams. Starting small and expanding with demand, Blizzard was able to test the market and understand where to spend their energy.One of my biggest gripes with esports is that the tournament's major/minor system most leagues use is way too confusing. I avidly watch and play several different esports video games. If I, or other esports fans, have a tough time understanding how everything fits together, it's just proof that the barrier to entry is excessively high. By creating a league with a simple and easy-to-understand schedule format, the OWL instantly made itself one of the easiest esports to follow.While there are 20 teams representing different cities and countries, like the Los Angeles Gladiators, Florida Mayhem and London Spitfire, all of the teams play in the same arena. At first glance, this may seem like a downfall to the league, but in reality, it is what will make it successful.By keeping these 20 teams in one location and one arena, Blizzard can easily control every aspect of the league and fan experience. OWL is incredibly experimental and spreading itself too thin would lead to its demise. From a pure economical standpoint, it's genius. OWL doesn't have to finance infrastructure in multiple cities, accommodate travel or worry about a negative response to the market in a particular city.Although these teams are all branded to different cities and states, all of their home games are played in Los Angeles (Burbank, to be exact). This facade of hometown teams allows Blizzard to test the interest of the market in various cities.The beauty of streaming sports on platforms like Twitch.tv is that companies can pinpoint exactly who's watching. The streaming platform's metrics offer incredibly detailed data. So if one city is particularly averse to the OWL, Blizzard can respond accordingly by removing a franchise team representing that location. Using this data, Blizzard can also determine where the best locations to open new arenas will be, as they start to expand the league outside of Los Angeles.Last year, I was fortunate enough to cover an OWL match for the Daily Trojan. Admittedly, I didn't know what was happening. My esport of choice at the time was "Counter Strike," and the two games could not be more vastly different. I was there to cover the meet-and-greet between the Los Angeles Gladiators and USC's esports club.Regardless of my lack of knowledge, I was shocked by Blizzard Arena and the Overwatch League. While sitting in the press room, I quickly began to catch on to how Overwatch is played, and I had some great conversations with fans and other journalists about the new league. The arena was packed with screaming fans of all ages, thundering voices from the exuberant commentators and eager players highly focused on their games. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.Tickets are relatively cheap, and games are streamed for free on Twitch. I was skeptical of esports at one point, too, but the OWL and similar leagues have proven themselves - without a doubt, they will quickly dominate the sports industry in the near future.Sam Arslanian is a sophomore writing about sports. His column, "Extra Innings," runs Fridays.Load-Date: February 15, 2019End of Document

The Family Weekly: Inside the Lives of Child Instagram InfluencersAtlantic OnlineMarch 1, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 750 wordsByline: Amal AhmedBodyThis Week in Family(Courtesy of Mia Foos)Vada is 5 years old-and she's already got 40,000 Instagram followers who love her unique style and dramatic poses, shot all over Austin, Texas. Most of those posts are sponsored by brands, and it's all thanks to the hard work of Vada's mom and manager, Mia. Instagram has given rise to the mommy blog 2.0. It's now easier than ever to build a parenting narrative, post cute photos of toddlers and pre-teens, and sell products, but child-labor laws weren't built for the age of Instagram. Where is the line between work and play for these mini-influencers?â†’ Read the restHighlights(Wenjia Tang)In this week's installment of            The Friendship Files: These 14 Vietnam veterans from the same platoon drifted apart after their deployment, but reconnected with one another years later. They call themselves "the Cavily"-a portmanteau of cavalry and family-and their regular reunions, ongoing since the 1980s, now bring together extended families of children and grandchildren. When one of the vets wrote a letter, after wondering how the group was doing, it took a few more tries before the men were comfortable enough to meet in person.           â†’ Read the restThe home-cooked family meal has reached something akin to mythical status in American culture, and in our expectations around gender, family relationships, and health. In a new book, Pressure Cooker: Why Home Cooking Won't Solve Our Problems and What We Can Do About It, three sociologists study the cooking and grocery-shopping habits of poor and working-class mothers. These families aren't typically the subjects of glossy recipe books, but their stories are much closer to the reality that many Americans experience when it comes to family meals.           â†’ Read the Q&amp;A with the authorJournalists are rarely at the center of the stories they tell-but for Uighur reporters in China, telling the story of the ethnic and religious minority's plight has imperiled their own family members. It's hard to come by reliable information on the Chinese government's internment camps, but more than 1 million Uighurs might be imprisoned right now in what many researchers are calling the prelude to ethnic cleansing. Getting the story out to the world and elevating Uighur voices is dangerous, but a source of strength and purpose as well for these reporters.           â†’ Read the restHow did an obscure work of art in a Tokyo gallery become the panic-inducing hoax "Momo?" Taylor Lorenz explains how the meme was initially spread by local news, and once it was picked up by social-media influencers-who were largely mocking it-it took on a life of its own, eventually making its way into the news feeds of anxious parents. The takeaway for parents: Fear not. Momo is a meme, not a threat.           â†’ Read the restDear Therapist(Bianca Bagnarelli)Every Monday, the psychotherapist Lori Gottlieb answers readers' questions about life's trials and tribulations, big or small, in The Atlantic's            "Dear Therapist" column.This week, Reginald from Texas writes that he has long regretted his marriage, and is finally ready for a divorce. His wife is on the same page. The obstacle? She has a long history of health problems, and he doesn't want to leave her right before serious heart surgery. While he says he is committed to taking care of their daughter through the difficult circumstances and the added pressures of a divorce, he doesn't want to "come off as a jerk." Is there ever a right time for a divorce in a situation like this?Lori's advice: Reginald needs to rework the narrative, and step out of his own unhappiness. Developing empathy for the other characters in his story-his wife and child-can help him figure out a next step:For starters, you say that you don't want to come off as a jerk, but consider: This probably isn't the first time a woman you were partnered with thought that you acted like a jerk. Instead of indirectly asking me whether you're being a jerk, ask yourself, Why do I find myself in situations where I have to ask that question in the first place?The part of your story that seems to stand out for its accuracy is that you aren't leaving your wife because of her illness-at least, not completely. Given your history and the way you told your story, my guess is that you've found it hard to stay in any relationship, illness or not, and that you'll continue to do so if you don't figure out why relationships are so challenging for you.           â†’ Read the restSend Lori your questions at            dear.therapist@theatlantic.com.Load-Date: March 3, 2019End of Document

Urban Air Mobility Market To Reach USD 7.9 Billion By 2030 | Reports And DataGlobeNewswireMarch 18, 2019 Monday 9:01 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MARKET RESEARCH REPORTSLength: 1040 wordsBodyDemand for an Efficient Mode of Logistics & Transportation is likely to stimulate demand.Market Size    USD 3.1 billion in 2023, Market Growth - CAGR of 16.2%, Market Trends   Need for an Alternative Mode of Transportation in Urban Mobility NEW YORK, March  18, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Global Urban Air Mobility market is expected to reach USD 7.9 billion by 2030, according to a new report by Reports and Data. The market is still at a nascent stage and is expected to witness the first ray of commercialization by 2023.The increase in demand for an alternative mode of transportation in Urban Mobility is one of the key factors which are driving the growth of UAM market. Also, the demand from companies for an efficient mode of logistics and transportation is expected to further aid in the growth of the UAM market. The growth in urban population, increase in the need to better manage limited natural resources together with increase in focus on environmental sustainability are the major factors for the rise in demand for smart city solutions. As of February 2019, more than USD 1 billion investment has been made. This significant investment by the stakeholders in air mobility sector, will aid to the growth of the Urban Air Mobility market. Ele.me which is owned by Alibaba has been given permission by Chinese government to deliver food by Unmanned aerial vehicle on 17 different routes from over 100 local restaurants, to residents of Shanghai's Jinshan Industrial Park. In Mexico, Cape integrated with the city of Ensenada to deploy its Aerial Telepresence. The city reported a 10% decrease in city wide crime and a reduction of 30% in home burglary after a six month pilot project. Request a Sample at: https://www.reportsanddata.com/sample-enquiry-form/1185Further key findings from the report suggest• The fastest growing region in Urban Air Mobility is Europe. The UAM initiative of the European Innovation Partnership on Smart Cities and Communities (EIP-SCC) has been picked up my many European countries to explore the potential of drones in an urban context. Bordeaux, a southwestern region of France, is part of the Nouvelle-Aquitaine initiative which is part of EIP-SCC programme proposes to study the implementation of the urban mobility to improve the intercity mobility. Aha, one of the largest ecommerce companies, has partnered with Flytrex, an Israel based company, to develop and expand its food delivery services in Iceland.• The use of Air Metro is resembled by current public transit options such as subways and buses with pre-determined routes, regular schedules, and set stops in high traffic areas across each city. It is estimated that Air Metro may have a viable market in 2028, with USD 0.9 billion profit in the first year. By 2030, it is anticipated that the number of vehicles would reach up to 23,000 from 4,100 in 2028.• Airport Shuttle and Air Taxis are expected to grow significantly since the markets are viable with a significant total available market value of USD 500 Billion at the market entry price points. In US, Air taxi market has a potential demand of approximately 55,000 daily trips which can be served by 4,000 aircraft. For the initial years of operations, the annual market value is projected to be around USD 2.5 Billion, based on near term market entry assumptions.• Manufacturers who have developed an Aircraft Prototype: AIRSPACEX, Airbus A3, CityAirbus (Airbus Helicopters), Aurora Flight Sciences (A Boeing Company), Bartini, Carter Aviation, Lilium Aviation, Passenger Drone, Vimana, Volocopter, Joby Aviation, Workhorse, Terrafugia and Kitty Hawk / Zee Aero. Manufacturers who have designed an Aircraft Concept/CAD: AviaNovations, Delorean Aerospace, hopFlyt, Hoversurf, Jetpack Aviation, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, XTI Aircraft, VerdeGo Aero, Embraer and PipistrelIn-Depth research report on Urban Air Mobility Market: https://www.reportsanddata.com/report-detail/urban-air-mobility-marketSegments covered in the report:This report forecasts volume and revenue growth at a global, regional & country level, and provides an analysis on the industry trends in each of the sub-segments from 2023 to 2030. For the purpose of this study, Reports and Data have segmented the Urban Air Mobility market on the Component, Operations, Range, Verticals and Region:By Component Outlook (Revenue, USD Million; 2023-2030)• Infrastructure  • Charging Stations• Vertiports• Traffic Management• Platforms  • Air taxis• Air Shuttles• Air Metro• Air Ambulance• DroNav• Personal Aerial Vehicle• Cargo Aerial Vehicle• OthersAsk for Discount @ https://www.reportsanddata.com/discount-enquiry-form/1185By Operations Outlook (Revenue, USD Million; 2023-2030)• Piloted• AutonomousBy Range Outlook (Revenue, USD Million; 2023-2030)• Intercity (100 Kilometers to 400 Kilometers)• Intracity (20 Kilometers to 100 Kilometers)By Verticals Outlook (Revenue, USD Million; 2023-2030)• Military  • Reconnaissance• Demining• Target practice• Civilian• Last Mile Delivery• Transport and Logistics• Aerial Imaging Systems• Unmanned Biologic Transport• Medical Air Rescue• Road Traffic Patrol• Railway and Power lines surveillance• Container Terminal Inspection• Oil Spill Inspection• Pylon Inspection• OthersRegional Outlook (Revenue, USD Million; 2023-2030)• North America  • U.S.• Europe  • Germany• UK• Asia Pacific  • China• India• Latin America  • Brazil• MEAAbout Reports and DataReports and Data is a market research and consulting company that provides syndicated research reports, customized research reports, and consulting services. Our solutions purely focus on your purpose to locate, target and analyze consumer behavior shifts across demographics, across industries and help client's make a smarter business decision. We offer market intelligence studies ensuring relevant and fact-based research across multiple industries including Healthcare, Technology, Chemicals, Power, and Energy. We consistently update our research offerings to ensure our clients are aware about the latest trends existent in the market. Reports and Data has a strong base of experienced analysts from varied areas of expertise.Contact Us:John WatsonHead of Business DevelopmentReports And Data | Web: www.reportsanddata.comDirect Line: +1-800-819-3052E-mail: sales@reportsanddata.com Load-Date: March 19, 2019End of Document

What to Make of Amazon's Big Content Bets - Tech CheckRealMoneyMarch 11, 2019 Monday 6:29 PM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 931 wordsByline: Eric JhonsaHighlight: Backed by favorable Prime sign-up and renewal data, the e-commerce and cloud giant is betting on everything from Yankees broadcast rights to a costly Lord of the Rings series.BodyWhat to Make of Amazon's Big Content BetsWhen asked during Amazon.com's  Oct. 2017 earnings call about its aggressive video spend, CFO Brian Olsavsky noted Amazon's internal data suggests it's getting a strong payoff for that spending."[We] have a lot of data...we see the viewing patterns, and we also see the sales patterns, so we can tie the two together and understand which video resonates with Prime members, which video doesn't, and make mid-course corrections," Olsavsky said. He also claimed Amazon's Prime Video service is driving "better conversion of [Prime] free trials, higher membership renewal rates for existing subscribers and higher overall engagement."Judging by recent announcements and reports, Amazon's internal stats must still point to a healthy return on its video spend. Late last week, Jeff Bezos' firm  to be part of an investor group also featuring The New York Yankees, Sinclair Broadcast Company and private equity firm Blackstone that's paying $3.4 billion to buy Disney's  80% stake in the YES Network, which has regional broadcast rights for Yankees and Brooklyn Nets games.The Yankees, which already had a 20% stake in YES, will be the network's majority owner. Nonetheless, the deal, which follows ones with the NFL to stream Thursday Night Football games, should give Amazon a chance to stream Yankees games in the NYC metro area, possibly as a perk for NYC-area Prime members. And in the process, Amazon, which has begun to get more serious about growing its ad business, would obtain some additional video ad inventory to sell.The YES Network reports came not long after Amazon  about an expensive Lord of the Rings series meant for Prime Video. Amazon reportedly spent $250 million just for the series' rights, and Reuters  that its total spending on the series for its first two seasons could top $500 million.Reuters also reported at the time that Amazon's total video spend had reached $5 billion. Since then, the company has indicated its video spend continues to rise.Amazon's video spend still appears to be well below Netflix's  , whose streaming content spend totaled $13 billion last year on a cash basis. However, the company's content spend  that of some big-name media firms, and it appears to be on its way to surpassing some more of them.4 Chipmakers That Could Be Targets After Nvidia's Deal for Mellanox March 11, 2019 | 1:28 PM EST  For chip stock investors who have seen industry M&A activity slow to a crawl over the last nine months or so, Nvidia's  $6.9 billion deal to buy Mellanox Technologies  has to be a breath of fresh air. The Chinese government's refusal (amid heightening trade tensions) to approve Qualcomm's  $44 billion deal to buy NXP Semiconductors  , which ultimately led Qualcomm to walk away from the deal last July, clearly cast a pall over the chip M&A landscape following several years of heavy activity. It also didn't help that many chip stocks were hit hard during the following months, as markets sold off and a cyclical downturn arrived.It likely isn't a coincidence that the one large chip M&A transaction announced since Qualcomm walked away from NXP -- Japanese chipmaker Resesas Electronics'  to buy Integrated Device Technology  -- involved a non-U.S. acquirer. That is, until Nvidia announced it's opening its checkbook to buy Mellanox.With U.S.-China trade talks showing  , Nvidia may have decided that the risk/reward for pursuing a large M&A transaction -- and agreeing to a termination fee in the event the deal fails to close -- is now more acceptable. And some other large U.S. chip developers might now feel the same way.That by itself doesn't guarantee the floodgates will open for chip M&A. As Cypress Semiconductor  CEO Hassane El-Khoury mentioned to me  , the fact that many chip companies are trading well below their 52-week highs could act as a near-term impediment, since targeted companies will want offers near or above their 52-week highs and would-be acquirers could be reluctant to agree to pay such a huge premium relative to a targeted firm's current trading price.It's worth noting here that Mellanox, unlike many chip peers, closed on Friday not far from a recently-hit all-time high of $111.05. And that Nvidia's $125-per-share buyout price is easily above that high.With all that said, following a 2%-plus gain in Monday trading in the wake of the Nvidia-Mellanox deal, the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index has risen close to 15% since I talked with El-Khoury. While many chip developers are still sharply below their 52-week highs, a number of firms are now trading less than 20% below them.Which of these firms could get targeted? Here are a few possibilities:ON Semiconductor  . ON, an analog and mixed-signal chipmaker, still trades at moderate multiples and just forecast its EPS would rise about 50% from 2018 to 2022. The company's healthy exposure to a growing automotive chip market could appeal to an acquirer. Qorvo  . A major RF chip supplier, Qorvo's multiples are also pretty subdued. 5G and IoT hardware adoption should help it grow. Inphi  . Inphi is a networking and telecom chipmaker. Demand for higher connectivity speeds within data centers and telecom networks remains a tailwind. Cree Inc  . Though better known for its LED chip and lighting business, Cree (via its Wolfspeed Electronics unit) has become a top supplier of silicon carbide (SiC) chips, which thanks to their ability to withstand very high temperatures and voltages are seeing growing adoption in cars and other products. However, the stock now trades at relatively high multiples. Load-Date: March 12, 2019End of Document

7 ag stories you might have missed this week - March 1, 2019Southeast Farm PressFebruary 1, 2019Copyright 2019 Penton Business Media, Inc All Rights ReservedLength: 424 wordsByline: Janet Kubat WilletteBodyNeed a quick catch up on ag news of the week? Here are seven ag stories you might have missed.1. The amount of debt held by America’s farmers has risen to 1980s levels, according to Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue. The debt is driven by weakness in commodity prices, storms damaging crops and loss of key export markets due to President Trump’s trade disputes. But, firm land values have kept debt-to-asset ratios low and the cost of borrowing remains affordable. – Reuters2. The Iowa Chapter of Realtor’s Land Institute released its September 2018 Land Trends and Values Survey, showing a statewide average decrease of cropland values of 1.7% for the March 2018 to September 2018 period. – Wallaces Farmer3. In trade news, U.S. trade negotiators have asked China to reduce tariffs on U.S. ethanol . Beijing last summer imposed tariffs of up to 70% on U.S. ethanol shipments. A World Trade Organization panel ruled the Chinese government payments to farmers distorted global wheat trade. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue and the EPA sparred over E15 . – Reuters, Kansas Farmer, Farm Futures4. Ten private-sector companies and nonprofit organizations have joined together to form the Ecosystem Services Market Consortium . They want to create a movement to measure, verify, and monetize increases in soil carbon, reductions in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and improved water quality and water conservation from agriculture. – American Agriculturalist5. Research by Purdue University indicates that on average, a new generation of farmers will be taking over decision control of the farm in the next eight years. These younger farmers will likely be more comfortable with technology and may prefer e-commerce options. That will mean changes for today’s brick-and-mortar retailers, according to a report from CoBank’s Knowledge Exchange Division.    – Missouri Ruralist6. NASA AdministratorJim Bridenstine speaks with contagious passion for life beyond planet earth and speaking at the 2019 World Ag Expo, he said farming is never far from NASA’s scope of interests. – Farm Futures7. Tillable is being billed as the Airbnb of farmland . The website connects landowners and growers. There are 5,000 landowners and growers on the site, which launched in mid-2018. – BloombergAnd your bonus.Michigan farmer Stan Warda earned the championship trophy in the 9,300-pound Super Farm tractor division of the National Farm Machinery Show 51st Anniversary Championship Tractor Pull in Louisville, Ky. He outpulled 23 other entries. – Michigan FarmerLoad-Date: March 1, 2019End of Document

7 ag stories you might have missed this week - March 1, 2019Southwest Farm PressFebruary 1, 2019Copyright 2019 Penton Business Media, Inc All Rights ReservedLength: 424 wordsByline: Janet Kubat WilletteBodyNeed a quick catch up on ag news of the week? Here are seven ag stories you might have missed.1. The amount of debt held by America’s farmers has risen to 1980s levels, according to Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue. The debt is driven by weakness in commodity prices, storms damaging crops and loss of key export markets due to President Trump’s trade disputes. But, firm land values have kept debt-to-asset ratios low and the cost of borrowing remains affordable. – Reuters2. The Iowa Chapter of Realtor’s Land Institute released its September 2018 Land Trends and Values Survey, showing a statewide average decrease of cropland values of 1.7% for the March 2018 to September 2018 period. – Wallaces Farmer3. In trade news, U.S. trade negotiators have asked China to reduce tariffs on U.S. ethanol . Beijing last summer imposed tariffs of up to 70% on U.S. ethanol shipments. A World Trade Organization panel ruled the Chinese government payments to farmers distorted global wheat trade. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue and the EPA sparred over E15 . – Reuters, Kansas Farmer, Farm Futures4. Ten private-sector companies and nonprofit organizations have joined together to form the Ecosystem Services Market Consortium . They want to create a movement to measure, verify, and monetize increases in soil carbon, reductions in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and improved water quality and water conservation from agriculture. – American Agriculturalist5. Research by Purdue University indicates that on average, a new generation of farmers will be taking over decision control of the farm in the next eight years. These younger farmers will likely be more comfortable with technology and may prefer e-commerce options. That will mean changes for today’s brick-and-mortar retailers, according to a report from CoBank’s Knowledge Exchange Division.    – Missouri Ruralist6. NASA AdministratorJim Bridenstine speaks with contagious passion for life beyond planet earth and speaking at the 2019 World Ag Expo, he said farming is never far from NASA’s scope of interests. – Farm Futures7. Tillable is being billed as the Airbnb of farmland . The website connects landowners and growers. There are 5,000 landowners and growers on the site, which launched in mid-2018. – BloombergAnd your bonus.Michigan farmer Stan Warda earned the championship trophy in the 9,300-pound Super Farm tractor division of the National Farm Machinery Show 51st Anniversary Championship Tractor Pull in Louisville, Ky. He outpulled 23 other entries. – Michigan FarmerLoad-Date: March 1, 2019End of Document

Stronger Growth in Tourism Expected This Year After a Weak 2018Targeted News ServiceJanuary 17, 2019 Thursday 8:03 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 865 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: OTTAWA, Ontario BodyThe Conference Board of Canada issued the following news release:The number of overnight visits from both within Canada and international markets is projected to increase by 2.0 per cent in 2019, according to The Conference Board of Canada's Travel Markets Outlook reports.While Canadian households are expected to face growing economic and financial challenges heading into 2019, domestic travel volumes are still projected to increase. According to our travel intentions survey, a growing share of Canadian households plan to take a winter vacation, and among those, a slightly higher share plan to stay in Canada for their longest-duration trip. Meanwhile, growth from the U.S. and overseas markets is expected to strengthen in 2019, as travel price inflation eases and a favourable exchange rate for many international markets remains."Tourism activity in 2018 was weighed down by a number of factors, including rising travel prices, the weaker economic environment and lack of major events like those that happened in 2017," said Greg Hermus, Associate Director for The Conference Board of Canada's Canadian Tourism Research Institute. "Fortunately, 2019 should see stronger growth in tourism activity thanks to more modest increases in travel prices and easing uncertainty surrounding trade negotiations."The recently issued travel advisory for Canada from the Chinese government presents a downside risk to the tourism forecast. International markets represent the strongest growth prospects for overnight visits to the country and China is Canada's second most important overseas market.Regional HighlightsAmong the 10 Canadian cities covered in the Travel Markets Outlook: Metropolitan Focus, growth in overnight visits is expected to average between 1.6 per cent and 3.3 per cent this year. Vancouver will experience the strongest growth in 2019 and will be the only city where tourism activity expands by more than 3 per cent.HalifaxTravel to Halifax should be boosted by the city's hosting the 2019 Memorial Cup and the World Under-19 Men's Floorball Championships. Overnight visits are projected to average 2 per cent over the next few years.MontrealTourist activity in 2019 will be stimulated by the city's hosting of World Summit AI--a major artificial intelligence summit. Events like this, coupled with major infrastructure coming into service and an expanding local economy, will help overnight visits to grow at a healthy clip over the next few years, averaging 2.3 per cent per year.Quebec CityQuebec City saw a strong increase in overnight visits in 2018, thanks to a boost from hosting the G7 Summit, strong growth from the U.S. and overseas markets, and a strong local economy. With continuing gains expected from international arrivals, overnight visits should expand at annual rates of growth of around 2 per cent over the next few years.OttawaThe number of overnight visits to Ottawa fell in 2018 but should pick up this year, thanks to new infrastructure, and growth in international visits. Major investments such as renovations to the Ottawa International Airport terminal, and the addition of a light-rail station at the airport, are expected to pay dividends in the years to come.TorontoComing off a modest year, tourism activity in Toronto should pick up speed in 2019. The city has marketed itself as a stopover destination for international travellers and should see a rebound in U.S. and overseas visits this year. A major upgrade to its public transit system should benefit tourist activity in the years to come. Overnight visits are projected to increase by 2.6 per cent in 2019.St. Catharines-NiagaraTourism activity in St. Catharines-Niagara region will benefit from the expanded direct air capacity in neighbouring Toronto. In all, overseas visits are expected to grow by a stronger 2.2 per cent in 2019 and will increase at a steady pace over the next few years.WinnipegFollowing strong growth in 2018, overnight visits to Winnipeg are expected to moderate this year. Tourism activity should get a strong boost in 2020 as Manitoba celebrates the 150th anniversary of its joining Confederation.CalgaryPleasure travel will receive a boost with the city's hosting of large events in 2019, including the Grey Cup and the Canadian Country Music Awards. In all, overnight visits to Calgary are expected to grow by 2.8 per cent this year.EdmontonEdmonton will see growth of 2.3 per cent in overnight this year. Domestic visits should get a boost as the city hosts a leg of the International Triathlon Union (ITU) Mixed Relay Series and the World Triathlon Series. Meanwhile, visits from the U.S. and overseas are projected to pick up speed.VancouverThe projected robust economic growth in the province and strong influx of tourists from overseas markets will continue to be the major sources of growth for tourism in Vancouver. One potential challenge to future growth would be the worsening wildfires, which don't directly impact Vancouver but leave a heavy lingering haze over the city and surrounding areas during fire season. In all, overnight visits are forecast to grow by 3.3 per cent this year.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6580364 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: January 18, 2019End of Document

The IoT Long Game; The Next Ten Years of Market Development; Mobile Experts releases a complete look at the Cellular IoT market through 2029PR NewswireJanuary 10, 2019 Thursday 8:33 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 533 wordsDateline: CAMPBELL, Calif., Jan. 10, 2019 BodyPR Newswire Over the past four years, Mobile Experts has investigated eight individual vertical markets for Cellular IoT-and now, they've released a new report with their bounty of insights that track upcoming market changes, offering a complete picture of the market over the next ten years.This new Mobile Experts report provides technical and cost comparisons for 2G, 3G, 4G, and 5G IoT devices, as well as a thorough analysis of the existing C-IoT business model. Market share, shipment, pricing, and revenue data are included for modules and semiconductors, with a ten-year forecast for growth in key areas."In the past, mobile operators would re-use the mobile phone network for machine-to-machine connections," commented Principal Analyst Joe Madden. "But now, we see some operators investing in dedicated networks for IoT, and the growth rate for the IoT market is much steeper than the old M2M market. Cost is coming down quickly, with simplified, optimized products coming into the market. New technologies use less power and offer longer battery life, so new applications are coming into the realm of possibility. Plus, as the Chinese government subsidizes NB-IoT heavily, major growth is starting in China."In this latest report, Mobile Experts has taken a long view of IoT, extending the forecast period through the next ten years. The vital, vertical markets are operating on a longer time scale than rapid-fire mobile markets, so Mobile Experts illustrates how the long product life cycles of automotive, industrial, utility, and similar markets will shift through 2029."The hype surrounding 5G IoT devices isn't really justified in the near term. Premium low-latency, high reliability applications will become more significant after 2023, but the market needs about five years to 'incubate' before real URLLC growth can begin   The big story in this report is that LTE-M and NB-IoT will expand to more than 1 billion units per year over time, creating a new large, sustainable market for modules and chipsets," commented Principal Analyst Joe Madden.Subscribers to Mobile Experts research will receive the full 61-page report with 34 charts and diagrams, a detailed Excel forecast sheet, semi-annual updates, and the popularExpert INSIGHTstrategic analysis series.To find out more about this report, clickhere. To find out how to subscribe, clickhere.AboutMobile Experts Inc.:Mobile Experts provides insightful market analysis for the mobile infrastructure and mobile handset markets.  Our analysts are true Experts, who remain focused on topics where each analyst has 20 years of experience or more.  Research topics center on technology introduction for radio frequency (RF) and communications innovation.  Recent publications focus onCellular IoT, GkM,Backhaul, CBRS,LPWA,Big Picture IoT, DAS, CRAN/VRAN, Small Cells, Enterprise Mobile Infrastructure, Backhaul and Fronthaul, 5G,andmore.Contact:Rachel Winningham Mobile Experts Inc. 207449@email4pr.com +1 (408) 540-7284   http://www.mobile-experts.net View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-iot-long-game-the-next-ten-years-of-market-development-300775767.htmlSOURCE Mobile ExpertsLoad-Date: January 11, 2019End of Document

SFS Alum Wins Prestigious Schwarzman ScholarshipThe Hoya: Georgetown UniversityJanuary 18, 2019 FridayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 454 wordsByline: Dustin HartuvBodyWookjae Jung (SFS '15) is one of 147 students worldwide to win the Schwarzman Scholarship, which provides recipients with full tuition to attend Tsinghua University in Beijing for a yearlong master's degree in public policy, economics and business, or international studies.Roughly 5 percent of this year's 2,800 applicants received a scholarship, making it "one of the most selective postgraduate scholarships in the world," according to a post on Georgetown's website. GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY | Wookjae Jung (SFS '15) will spend the a year in Beijing studying at Tsinghua University as part of the prestigious and competitive Schwarzman Scholarship.As past of the scholarship, Jung will complete classes in leadership, Chinese history and government at Tsinghua. Jung is excited to learn not only of China's history spanning thousands of years but more about its evolving modern society, he wrote in an email to The Hoya."China is more of a civilization than a country. The history and diversity are something that I am excited to explore once I'm in Beijing," Jung wrote. "I want to know what China is like today, and get to know the Chinese people and the society of our generation."Jung was a competitive candidate because he embodies qualities the Schwarzman Scholarship looks for in its candidates, according to Laura Perille, assistant director of the Georgetown Office of Fellowships, Awards and Resources. Specifically, Perille commended Jung for his leadership potential and ability to connect individuals from diverse backgrounds."Wookjae Jung stands out for that potential, having not only played a critical role in high-level government negotiations and ventures through his work with the Ministry of National Defense in South Korea but also created and managed the Salon Nomad Project, a social networking platform for artists, professionals, and businesses," Perille wrote in an email to The Hoya.Although the Schwarzman does not require university endorsement, GOFAR works closely with applicants from Georgetown to ensure they are competitive in the application process, according to Perille.Jung majored in international political economy in the School of Foreign Service and later became a Korean Air Force officer following his graduation. Jung is the fourth Georgetown graduate to receive the scholarship since its inception in 2016. Former winners include Jose Luna (SFS '15), Zachary Kay (SFS '16) and Zezhou Cai (GRD '18).Jung intends to use his experiences from the scholarship to allow him to expand on his work with the Korean Air Force, he told Georgetown."I wish to continue doing that kind of work, presenting new solutions that will bring actors together towards an optimal social goal," Jung said.Load-Date: January 22, 2019End of Document

InterSystems IRIS for Health Empowers MediWay Technology to Accelerate the Digital Transformation of Healthcare in China; Scalable and Interoperable iMedical Cloud Healthcare Information System Supports Regional Collaboration, Information Sharing, and Increased Use of Big DataBusiness WireMarch 19, 2019 Tuesday 1:00 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business Editors; Technology EditorsLength: 879 wordsDateline: CAMBRIDGE, Mass. BodyInterSystems , a global leader in information technology platforms for health, business and government applications, today announced that MediWay Technology, one of the largest healthcare software companies in China, has built and deployed its new iMedical Cloud healthcare IT ecosystem platform using            InterSystems IRIS for Health(TM) .IRIS for Health, the only unified data platform engineered specifically for healthcare, empowers MediWay to support all stakeholders in the Chinese healthcare system - including government, healthcare organizations, and consumers - in an environment where medical reform policies are driving increased collaboration, information sharing, and use of big data.MediWay's iMedical healthcare information system (HIS) is used by around 500 healthcare organizations, including more than 300 tertiary hospitals and 30 top-100 hospitals in China. To accelerate the digital transformation of healthcare, however, MediWay and its partner Tencent Cloud require higher levels of accessibility, scalability, and interoperability.Two iMedical Cloud applications, available to all healthcare stakeholders hosted on Tencent Cloud, have been launched with two core functionalities - transactional cloud collaboration (Cloud HIS) and data cloud collaboration (HealthChain). iMedical Cloud can be used within a region for real-time healthcare information exchange, centralized management control, and unified allocation of resources. IRIS for Health supports the vastly increased data volumes required with features like sharding. This distributes data across a number of cloud-based servers to provide flexible, inexpensive performance scaling."A cloud solution solves many pain points in healthcare," said William Han, Chairman and CEO of MediWay Technology. "For example, it can provide a healthcare information system for county clinics, community healthcare centers and small-to-medium sized hospitals without the need for computer rooms, local servers, or maintenance staff. By supporting our strategic pivot, InterSystems and its IRIS for Health technology have yet again shown the true partnership we've come to expect after 20 years of collaboration."IRIS for Health empowers healthcare organizations with a unified data platform that combines analytical and transaction processing with native interoperability for all data types, including seamless transitions between healthcare-specific standards such as HL7 FHIR (Health Level Seven Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources).IRIS for Health's support for cloud-first development using container technology also allows MediWay Technology to take full advantage of the strategic partnership between its parent company, DHC Software, and Tencent Cloud. This enables MediWay to continue to integrate technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, blockchain, and speech input with its cloud-based healthcare solution.DHC Software became one of InterSystems' first partners in China more than 20 years ago, and developed the original iMedical hospital information system on InterSystems data platforms."During two decades of partnership, InterSystems has witnessed the fast growth of DHC Software and MediWay Technology, and we are very proud to see our latest data platform technology empower them to accelerate the digital transformation of healthcare," said Luciano Brustia, Country Manager for Australia and Greater China, InterSystems. "InterSystems and our partners are committed to implementing the medical reform policies in China by promoting new healthcare approaches such as consortiums, making sure that each and every citizen benefits from better healthcare services and a healthy future."About MediWay TechnologyMediWay Technology Co., Ltd. was incorporated in 2012, with a registered capital of RMB 100 million. It has a workforce numbering 2,200, and its predecessor is the Healthcare Business Unit of DHC Software founded in 1999. Over the past 20 years or so, MediWay has provided more than 500 hospitals, hospital consortiums, insurers, health commissions, social security bureaus and other relevant institutions with a variety of products and solutions, including the smart hospital solutions family, regional healthcare solutions family, Internet-based healthcare solutions family, and integrated Medicare payment and cost control solutions family. MediWay makes the most of the latest IT technologies to create and update its portfolios of products and solutions, is committed to achieving software as a service, and leverages its new thinking and ideas to support a sustainable healthcare industry.About InterSystemsInterSystems is the engine behind the world's most important applications. In healthcare, finance, government, and other sectors where lives and livelihoods are at stake, InterSystems is the power behind what matters(TM). Founded in 1978, InterSystems is a privately held company headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts (USA), with offices worldwide, and its software products are used daily by millions of people in more than 80 countries. For more information, visit InterSystems.com .View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190319005160/en/CONTACT: Jackie D'AndreaInkHouse PRintersystems@inkhouse.com781-966-4143http://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: March 20, 2019End of Document

InterSystems IRIS for Health Empowers MediWay Technology to Accelerate the Digital Transformation of Healthcare in ChinaTargeted News ServiceMarch 19, 2019 Tuesday 8:22 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 664 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: CAMBRIDGE, Massachusetts BodyInterSystems, a health information technology provider, issued the following news release:* * *- Scalable and Interoperable iMedical Cloud Healthcare Information System Supports Regional Collaboration, Information Sharing, and Increased Use of Big Data* * *InterSystems, a global leader in information technology platforms for health, business and government applications, today announced that MediWay Technology, one of the largest healthcare software companies in China, has built and deployed its new iMedical Cloud healthcare IT ecosystem platform using InterSystems IRIS for Health(TM).IRIS for Health, the only unified data platform engineered specifically for healthcare, empowers MediWay to support all stakeholders in the Chinese healthcare system - including government, healthcare organizations, and consumers - in an environment where medical reform policies are driving increased collaboration, information sharing, and use of big data.MediWay's iMedical healthcare information system (HIS) is used by around 500 healthcare organizations, including more than 300 tertiary hospitals and 30 top-100 hospitals in China. To accelerate the digital transformation of healthcare, however, MediWay and its partner Tencent Cloud require higher levels of accessibility, scalability, and interoperability.Two iMedical Cloud applications, available to all healthcare stakeholders hosted on Tencent Cloud, have been launched with two core functionalities - transactional cloud collaboration (Cloud HIS) and data cloud collaboration (HealthChain). iMedical Cloud can be used within a region for real-time healthcare information exchange, centralized management control, and unified allocation of resources. IRIS for Health supports the vastly increased data volumes required with features like sharding. This distributes data across a number of cloud-based servers to provide flexible, inexpensive performance scaling."A cloud solution solves many pain points in healthcare," said William Han, Chairman and CEO of MediWay Technology. "For example, it can provide a healthcare information system for county clinics, community healthcare centers and small-to-medium sized hospitals without the need for computer rooms, local servers, or maintenance staff. By supporting our strategic pivot, InterSystems and its IRIS for Health technology have yet again shown the true partnership we've come to expect after 20 years of collaboration."IRIS for Health empowers healthcare organizations with a unified data platform that combines analytical and transaction processing with native interoperability for all data types, including seamless transitions between healthcare-specific standards such as HL7 FHIR (Health Level Seven Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources).IRIS for Health's support for cloud-first development using container technology also allows MediWay Technology to take full advantage of the strategic partnership between its parent company, DHC Software, and Tencent Cloud. This enables MediWay to continue to integrate technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, blockchain, and speech input with its cloud-based healthcare solution.DHC Software became one of InterSystems' first partners in China more than 20 years ago, and developed the original iMedical hospital information system on InterSystems data platforms."During two decades of partnership, InterSystems has witnessed the fast growth of DHC Software and MediWay Technology, and we are very proud to see our latest data platform technology empower them to accelerate the digital transformation of healthcare," said Luciano Brustia, Country Manager for Australia and Greater China, InterSystems. "InterSystems and our partners are committed to implementing the medical reform policies in China by promoting new healthcare approaches such as consortiums, making sure that each and every citizen benefits from better healthcare services and a healthy future."Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6657135 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: March 20, 2019End of Document

Business HighlightsAssociated Press InternationalJanuary 29, 2019 Tuesday 11:10 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; Business HighlightsLength: 888 wordsByline: By The Associated PressBody___Apple opens new chapter as iPhone sales fall and stock sinksSAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Apple hoped to offset slowing demand for iPhones by raising the prices of its most important product, but that strategy seems to have backfired after sales sagged during the holiday shopping season. Results released Tuesday revealed the magnitude of the iPhone slump - a 15 percent drop in revenue from the previous year. That decline in Apple's most profitable product caused Apple's total earnings for the October-December quarter to dip slightly to $20 billion.___China-US row over tech giant Huawei overshadows trade talksBEIJING (AP) - A bitter dispute between China and the U.S. over Huawei has intensified as Beijing demanded Washington back off its sweeping "crackdown" on the telecom giant the U.S. has charged with stealing technology secrets and violating Iran sanctions. The developments have complicated trade talks between the world's two biggest economies. China's foreign ministry says it will "firmly defend" its companies while Huawei Technologies Ltd. has denied committing any of the violations in the U.S. indictment.___What to watch for from the Federal Reserve on WednesdayWASHINGTON (AP) - When he speaks with reporters Wednesday, Chairman Jerome Powell could shed further light on the Federal Reserve's views of the pressures facing the U.S. economy - from a global slowdown and a trade war with China to slowing corporate earnings and a nervous stock market.___Utility bankruptcy could be costly to wildfire victimsSAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Pacific Gas & Electric Corp., the nation's biggest utility, has filed for bankruptcy reorganization in a bid to relieve itself of some of the billions of dollars in damages it could face as a result of California's devastating wildfires. The Chapter 11 filing allows PG&E to continue operating while it puts its finances in order. But it could mean higher rates for customers and smaller payouts for fire victims.___Arrests in Brazil dam disaster, dead fish wash up downstreamBRUMADINHO, Brazil (AP) - Brazilian authorities have issued arrest warrants for five people in connection with a dam collapse that killed at least 65 people as it plastered part of a small city with reddish-brown mud and mining waste. Police issued the detention orders Tuesday. The warrants came as crews worked for the fifth day to search for survivors or bodies. Signs of possible ecological damage have turned up downstream from the dam, where dead fish were visible in a river that an indigenous community depends on.___Apple to fix FaceTime bug that allows eavesdroppingSAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Apple says a fix is coming for a software bug that could let FaceTime callers activate another person's microphone remotely. With the bug in a group-chat feature, a FaceTime user calling another iPhone, iPad or Mac could hear audio - even if the receiver did not accept the call.___US consumers rattled by shutdown, roiling marketsWASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. consumer confidence tumbled this month to its lowest reading in a year and a half, tested by the partial government shutdown and roiling financial markets. Still, consumer spirits remain robust by historic standards. The Conference Board, a business research group, said Tuesday that its consumer confidence index fell to 120.2 in January, down from 126.6 in December and the lowest level since July 2017.___UK's May seeks Brexit deal changes, but EU stands firmLONDON (AP) - British Prime Minister Theresa May has won a few weeks to salvage a Brexit deal but headed toward a clash with the European Union by promising to overhaul the divorce agreement she spent a year and a half negotiating with the bloc. Trying to break the Brexit deadlock, May got Parliament's backing for a bid to change an Irish border guarantee in the withdrawal deal - a provision May and the EU both approved, and which the bloc insists cannot be changed.___Tappy the robot is behind part of charges against HuaweiNEW YORK (AP) - The U.S. government is alleging Chinese tech company Huawei went so far as to steal a robot's arm in its bid to get its hands on T-Mobile's trade secrets. The T-Mobile robot case portrays a company going to what the government calls illegal lengths to gain access to others' intellectual property.___'My happy place.' Workspaces for women rise in #MeToo eraMINNEAPOLIS (AP) - Women-only and women-focused workspaces are popping up around the U.S. While many predate the #MeToo movement, their growth has been interlinked with it as it put combating workplace harassment on the national agenda. Companies like The Wing and The Riveter are rapidly expanding across the country.___The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 51.74 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,579.96. The benchmark S&P 500 index dropped 3.85 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,640. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite fell 57.39 points, or 0.8 percent, to 7,028.29. The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies gave up 2.09 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,471.45.U.S. crude oil rose 2.5 percent to settle at $53.31 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.3 percent to $61.32 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 1.3 percent to $1.35 a gallon. Heating oil climbed 3.3 percent to $1.90 a gallon. Natural gas gained 1.3 percent to $2.95 per 1,000 cubic feet.Load-Date: January 30, 2019End of Document

Huobi Group Eyes Possible Expansion In Argentina; Huobi Group Founder Leon Li recently met with senior Argentinian finance officials to discuss the role blockchain could play in that country's future.PR NewswireMarch 29, 2019 Friday 5:54 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 555 wordsDateline: BEIJING, March 29, 2019 BodyPR Newswire Huobi Group Founder & CEO Leon Li met with a delegation of senior Argentinian finance officials this week during their state visit to China. Li met with Felix Martin Soto, Deputy Minister of Finance and Javier Matias Mana, Director-General of the Bilateral External Finance Bureau to discuss Huobi's possible expansion into the country as well as the role blockchain could play in Argentina's economic development.The visit to Huobi was an important stop during their visit to Beijing for higher level collaboration between Chinese and Argentine governments."It was a great honour to meet with Deputy Minister of Finance Soto and to explore with him Huobi's advantages when it comes to blockchain technologies and applications," Li said. "We hope to further strengthen our cooperation with the Argentine Ministry of Finance to achieve win-win development for both of us.""We would like to learn how to participate in cryptocurrency and blockchain industry from Huobi," said Soto, who heads up Argentina's international financial relations. "Through tokenization on Huobi's platform, for example, Argentina's plentiful agricultural, mineral and energy resources could be well financed by global investors."Soto believes Argentina should consider blockchain technology as a way to promote financial inclusion and reduce government costs. "At present, half of our population doesn't have bank accounts. They practice mainly cash transactions and convert their savings into US dollars," Soto said. "Through promoting cryptocurrency and blockchain technology and with Huobi's assistance, we could reduce our demand for US dollars, which eventually would contribute to stabilizing the local market and attracting global investment."Huobi Group has expanded rapidly in recent years, opening up exchanges in areas like Japan, South Korea, Russia and - through its strategic partner Huobi (US) - the United States. It serves much of the rest of the world through Huobi Global, its flagship exchange platform.Over the past few years, Argentina has been at the forefront of blockchain adoption in the South American region. Blockchain-centric start-ups have sprung up to serve the needs of the South American public and many Argentinians are increasingly investing in digital assets. The shift to cryptocurrency and blockchain is starting to manifest visible changes in Argentina. Earlier this year, for example, Bitcoin became an accepted payment method for busses, subways, trains and other forms of public transport and the country is also host to a growing number of crypto ATMs."With Huobi's expertise in blockchain and cryptocurrency, Argentina can accelerate its pace to digital assets era," Soto said.About Huobi:Consisting of ten upstream and downstream enterprises, Huobi Group is the world's leading blockchain company. Established in 2013, Huobi Group's accumulative turnover exceeds $1 trillion. It proudly provides safe, secure, and convenient cryptocurrency trading and asset management services to millions of users in 130+ countries. For more information, visithttp://www.hbg.com For enquiries please contact:Jiayi Li+65-92295769media@huobi.com    View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/huobi-group-eyes-possible-expansion-in-argentina-300820927.htmlSOURCE Huobi GroupLoad-Date: March 30, 2019End of Document

Display Driver Market Worth $9.1 Billion by 2023 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets(TM)PR NewswireJanuary 18, 2019 Friday 9:30 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1057 wordsDateline: CHICAGO, January 18, 2019 BodyPR NewswireAccording to the new market research report on"Display Driver Market by Driver Type (DDIC, TDDI), Package Type (COF, COG), Device (Smartphone, Television, Automotive, Smart Wearables, HMD, Monitor), Display Technology (LCD, OLED), Display Size, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2023", published by MarketsandMarkets(TM), the Display Driver Market is estimated to grow from USD 7.1 billion in 2018 to USD 9.1 billion by 2023, at a CAGR of 5.1% between 2018 and 2023. Increasing demand for OLED and flexible displays and highly priced and advanced display drivers contribute significantly to the growth of the display driver market. Growth in the use of 4K and 8K televisions and availability of UHD content and evolving role of DDICs in individual components and single integration chips also drive the growth of the market for display driver ICs.     (Logo:https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/660509/MarketsandMarkets_Logo.jpg)Ask for PDF Brochure: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=60452441LCD displays to account for major share in display driver market during forecast period LCD displays are likely to hold a major share in the display driver market during the forecast period. Construction of Gen 6 and above facilities by Chinese players, with government support in terms of finance and land offerings, can have significant impact on the global display panel market. China is emerging as a leading country in terms of LCD display production due to the closure of several LCD manufacturing facilities by Samsung and LG Display in the last 3 years. This will increase the production of LCD displays and subsequently increase the demand for LCD-based display drivers for a majority of the devices. However, with high competition in the market and disruption in supply-demand ratio, the market for LCD displays is expected to saturate 2020 onward.Display driver market for smart wearables to witness highest growth during forecast period The display driver market for wearables devices (smartwatches and AR/VR HMDs) is expected to grow at the highest CAGR between 2018 and 2023. Wearables have emerged as a new driving segment in the global display panel market and are used in applications such as consumer, infotainment, military, fitness and gaming, industrial, lifestyle, and healthcare. Demand for smart wearables, especially AR/VR HMDs, is expected to increase rapidly during the forecast period and subsequently boost the display driver market.Browse in-depth TOC on"Display Driver Market"36-Tables 77-Figures 153-Pages South Korea to hold largest size of display driver market during forecast period South Korea is expected to account for the highest market share of the display driver market during the forecast period. South Korea accounts for more than 95% of total OLED display panel production owing to which demand for a majority of OLED-based display drivers is emerging from South Korea. With huge investments from Samsung and LG Display in OLED technology and their production expansion, South Korea is expected to dominate the market, in terms of size, during the forecast period. South Korea, however, is expected to witness declined share in the LCD segment during the forecast period, mainly due to the growing demand from China. South Korean players, Samsung and LG Display, closed various LCD panel manufacturing facilities and invested in OLED technology expansion, which resulted in the decreased share of South Korea in LCD production.Get 10% Free Customization on this Report: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestCustomizationNew.asp?id=60452441Key players in the display driver market are Samsung Electronics (South Korea), Novatek Microelectronics (Taiwan), Synaptics (US), Himax Technologies (Taiwan), Silicon Works (South Korea), Sitronix Technology (Taiwan), Raydium Semiconductor (Taiwan), Magnachip Semiconductor (Luxembourg & South Korea), FocalTech (Taiwan), MediaTek (Taiwan), and ROHM Semiconductor (Japan).PleaseExplore Relevant Reports:OLED Marketby Display Application (Smartphone, TV, Automotive, NTE), Panel Type (Rigid, Flexible), Technology, Size, Material (FMM RGB, WOLED), Lighting Application (General, Automotive), Panel Type, & Vertical, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2023Micro-LED Marketby Application (Display (Smartwatch, NTE Devices (AR, VR), Smartphone, Television, HUD, Digital Signage, Laptop & Monitor) and Lighting (General, Automotive)), Display Panel Size, Vertical, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2025About MarketsandMarkets(TM) MarketsandMarkets(TM) provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets(TM) for their painpoints around revenues decisions.Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets(TM) are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets(TM) now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets(TM) is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "Knowledge Store" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.Contact:Mr. Shelly SinghMarketsandMarkets(TM) INC.630 Dundee RoadSuite 430Northbrook, IL 60062USA: +1-888-600-6441Email:sales@marketsandmarkets.comResearch Insight:https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/ResearchInsight/display-driver-market.aspVisit Our Web Site:https://www.marketsandmarkets.comSOURCE MarketsandMarketsLoad-Date: January 19, 2019End of Document

Courtrooms to canola fields: Huawei-US tensions span globeAssociated Press InternationalMarch 11, 2019 Monday 3:35 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 865 wordsByline: By JOE McDONALD, AP Business WriterDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - Chinese tech giant Huawei's tensions with Washington, which says the telecom equipment maker is a security risk, stretch across four continents from courtrooms to corporate boardrooms to Canadian canola fields.In the latest twist, Huawei Technologies Ltd. is asking a court in Texas to strike down a legal ban on the government using its equipment or dealing with any contractor that does.Washington is trying to persuade European and other allies to shun the biggest maker of network technology as their phone carriers invest billions of dollars in upgrading to next-generation communications.The company denies accusations it might facilitate Chinese spying or is controlled by the ruling Communist Party. Chinese authorities say the United States is exaggerating security concerns to block a potential competitor.Meanwhile, U.S. prosecutors are trying to extradite Huawei's chief financial officer from Canada to face charges she lied to banks about dealings with Iran.SECURITY CONCERNS: U.S. authorities say Huawei might facilitate Chinese spying by installing "backdoors" in its equipment for eavesdropping or sharing secrets about customers. The company's U.S. sales plunged after a congressional panel in 2012 labeled Huawei and Chinese rival ZTE Corp. security risks and told phone carriers to avoid them. Huawei denies it is a risk and complains Washington has released no evidence or details of its accusations. Australia, Japan, Taiwan and some other governments have imposed curbs on use of Huawei technology over security concerns. The company operates testing centers in Britain, Canada, Germany and Belgium for governments to examine its technology.US LAWSUIT: Huawei is asking a U.S. federal court in Texas to strike down part of this year's military appropriations bill that bars the government from using the Chinese vendor's equipment or dealing with any contractor that does. The company says the measure improperly singles out Huawei for punishment without trial and amounts to a "death sentence." American legal experts say Huawei's claims will be hard to prove but the company has few other options.US ALLIES: American officials are lobbying European and other allies to avoid Huawei, with limited success. That threatens to block Huawei, a leading developer of fifth-generation technology, from major markets where carriers are preparing to invest billions of dollars in upgrading networks. European governments have balked at banning Huawei outright. Germany says it won't exclude any suppliers in advance and instead will set "data protection" standards vendors must meet. Despite U.S. pressure, Huawei has announced contracts with American allies including the United Arab Emirates to supply network technology.CHINA-CANADA: Huawei's chief financial officer is fighting U.S. efforts to extradite her from Canada to face charges of lying to banks about dealings with Iran in violation of trade sanctions. Meng Wanzhou, who is the daughter of Huawei's founder, was arrested Dec. 1 at the Vancouver airport. The arrest strained Chinese-Canadian relations. Beijing has arrested two Canadians, a former diplomat and a businessman, in what is widely seen as an effort to pressure Canada to release Meng. She is free on bail and living in a Vancouver mansion she owns, while the Canadians arrested in China are barred from seeing relatives or lawyers. Chinese authorities have meanwhile slowed imports of Canadian canola, an oilseed crop, by imposing more stringent inspections. A court in Vancouver is to set a date on May 8 for an extradition hearing. Meng has filed a lawsuit accusing Canadian authorities of violating her rights by questioning and searching her before telling her she was under arrest.CRIMINAL CHARGES: Huawei is accused of stealing technology behind a robot T-Mobile USA, Inc. uses to test smartphones. The Chinese company pleaded not guilty this month in federal court in Seattle. Two Huawei subsidiaries face 10 counts including theft of trade secrets and conspiracy. Prosecutors say a Huawei employee removed a robot arm from T-Mobile's lab and sent measurements and photos to China. Huawei says the employee acted on his own and was fired. A federal jury in Seattle awarded T-Mobile $4.8 million in damages in 2017.TECHNOLOGY COMPETITION: Huawei is at the center of U.S.-Chinese tension over Beijing's technology ambitions and complaints the communist government steals or pressures foreign companies to hand over know-how. The United States and other trading partners complain Chinese support for technology development violates Beijing's market-opening obligations. Huawei, founded in 1987 by a former military engineer, is the most successful of a group of emerging competitors Beijing hopes will make China a creator of profitable technologies.BUSINESS IMPACT: Huawei says the U.S. criticism so far has had little impact on sales outside the United States. The company's global revenue forecast for 2018 is $100 billion and its founder, Ren Zhengfei, says this year's target is $125 billion. However, Huawei's chief legal officer, Song Liuping, says the American legal restrictions are hurting the company's reputation abroad.Load-Date: March 11, 2019End of Document

Courtrooms to canola fields: Huawei-US tensions span globeAssociated Press Financial WireMarch 11, 2019 Monday 3:35 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 865 wordsByline: By JOE McDONALD, AP Business WriterDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - Chinese tech giant Huawei's tensions with Washington, which says the telecom equipment maker is a security risk, stretch across four continents from courtrooms to corporate boardrooms to Canadian canola fields.In the latest twist, Huawei Technologies Ltd. is asking a court in Texas to strike down a legal ban on the government using its equipment or dealing with any contractor that does.Washington is trying to persuade European and other allies to shun the biggest maker of network technology as their phone carriers invest billions of dollars in upgrading to next-generation communications.The company denies accusations it might facilitate Chinese spying or is controlled by the ruling Communist Party. Chinese authorities say the United States is exaggerating security concerns to block a potential competitor.Meanwhile, U.S. prosecutors are trying to extradite Huawei's chief financial officer from Canada to face charges she lied to banks about dealings with Iran.SECURITY CONCERNS: U.S. authorities say Huawei might facilitate Chinese spying by installing "backdoors" in its equipment for eavesdropping or sharing secrets about customers. The company's U.S. sales plunged after a congressional panel in 2012 labeled Huawei and Chinese rival ZTE Corp. security risks and told phone carriers to avoid them. Huawei denies it is a risk and complains Washington has released no evidence or details of its accusations. Australia, Japan, Taiwan and some other governments have imposed curbs on use of Huawei technology over security concerns. The company operates testing centers in Britain, Canada, Germany and Belgium for governments to examine its technology.US LAWSUIT: Huawei is asking a U.S. federal court in Texas to strike down part of this year's military appropriations bill that bars the government from using the Chinese vendor's equipment or dealing with any contractor that does. The company says the measure improperly singles out Huawei for punishment without trial and amounts to a "death sentence." American legal experts say Huawei's claims will be hard to prove but the company has few other options.US ALLIES: American officials are lobbying European and other allies to avoid Huawei, with limited success. That threatens to block Huawei, a leading developer of fifth-generation technology, from major markets where carriers are preparing to invest billions of dollars in upgrading networks. European governments have balked at banning Huawei outright. Germany says it won't exclude any suppliers in advance and instead will set "data protection" standards vendors must meet. Despite U.S. pressure, Huawei has announced contracts with American allies including the United Arab Emirates to supply network technology.CHINA-CANADA: Huawei's chief financial officer is fighting U.S. efforts to extradite her from Canada to face charges of lying to banks about dealings with Iran in violation of trade sanctions. Meng Wanzhou, who is the daughter of Huawei's founder, was arrested Dec. 1 at the Vancouver airport. The arrest strained Chinese-Canadian relations. Beijing has arrested two Canadians, a former diplomat and a businessman, in what is widely seen as an effort to pressure Canada to release Meng. She is free on bail and living in a Vancouver mansion she owns, while the Canadians arrested in China are barred from seeing relatives or lawyers. Chinese authorities have meanwhile slowed imports of Canadian canola, an oilseed crop, by imposing more stringent inspections. A court in Vancouver is to set a date on May 8 for an extradition hearing. Meng has filed a lawsuit accusing Canadian authorities of violating her rights by questioning and searching her before telling her she was under arrest.CRIMINAL CHARGES: Huawei is accused of stealing technology behind a robot T-Mobile USA, Inc. uses to test smartphones. The Chinese company pleaded not guilty this month in federal court in Seattle. Two Huawei subsidiaries face 10 counts including theft of trade secrets and conspiracy. Prosecutors say a Huawei employee removed a robot arm from T-Mobile's lab and sent measurements and photos to China. Huawei says the employee acted on his own and was fired. A federal jury in Seattle awarded T-Mobile $4.8 million in damages in 2017.TECHNOLOGY COMPETITION: Huawei is at the center of U.S.-Chinese tension over Beijing's technology ambitions and complaints the communist government steals or pressures foreign companies to hand over know-how. The United States and other trading partners complain Chinese support for technology development violates Beijing's market-opening obligations. Huawei, founded in 1987 by a former military engineer, is the most successful of a group of emerging competitors Beijing hopes will make China a creator of profitable technologies.BUSINESS IMPACT: Huawei says the U.S. criticism so far has had little impact on sales outside the United States. The company's global revenue forecast for 2018 is $100 billion and its founder, Ren Zhengfei, says this year's target is $125 billion. However, Huawei's chief legal officer, Song Liuping, says the American legal restrictions are hurting the company's reputation abroad.Load-Date: March 11, 2019End of Document

US warns Hungary, other allies to shun business with HuaweiAssociated Press InternationalFebruary 11, 2019 Monday 7:38 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 975 wordsByline: By MATTHEW LEE, AP Diplomatic WriterDateline: BUDAPEST, Hungary BodyBUDAPEST, Hungary (AP) - The United States may be forced to scale back certain operations in Europe and elsewhere if countries continue to do business with the Chinese telecommunications company Huawei, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Monday in a new warning that underscores U.S. concerns about the firm.In Budapest on the first leg of a five-nation European tour during which he is raising American concerns about China and Russia's growing influence in Central Europe, Pompeo said nations would have to consider choosing between Huawei and the United States. The warning was broad but pointedly delivered in Hungary, a NATO ally and European Union member where Huawei is a major player."They are a sovereign nation," Pompeo said of Hungary. "They get to make their own decisions. What is imperative is that we share with them the things we know about the risks that Huawei's presence in their networks present - actual risks to their people, to the loss of privacy protections for their own people, to the risk that China will use this in a way that is not in the best interest of Hungary."The U.S. has been warning countries about the risks of Chinese telecom technology as governments choose providers for the rollout of "5G" wireless Internet, which will enable faster download speeds but also greater connectivity among devices.Pompeo says the presence of Chinese telecom infrastructure could drive a technological wedge between the U.S. and some allies."It also makes it more difficult for America to be present," Pompeo said. "That is, if that equipment is co-located where we have important American systems, it makes it more difficult for us to partner alongside them."Pompeo said he had raised the concerns with Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto and would also do so with nationalist Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who has been criticized for seeking closer ties with Russia and China and for increasingly authoritarian rule at home."We want to make sure we identify (to) them the opportunities and the risks with using that equipment. And then they will get to make their decisions," Pompeo said.The U.S. has repeatedly accused China of using technology to pilfer trade secrets. China recently has said that it's "totally unreasonable" to make some of these accusations and that the U.S. is just trying to suppress a rising competitor.At a news conference with Pompeo, Szijjarto acknowledged that Huawei is present in Hungary but played down its position in the market. He also made the point repeatedly that Hungary accounts for only 1.2 percent of European Union trade with China."This does not endanger us from being an ally," Szijjarto said.Pompeo will take the same message about Huawei to his next stop, Slovakia, on Tuesday, before heading to Poland, where he will participate in a conference on the future of the Middle East expected to focus on Iran. He will wrap up the tour with brief stops in Belgium and Iceland.Pompeo said he hoped to reverse what he called a decade of U.S. disengagement in Central Europe that created a vacuum Russia and China have exploited. Over the course of the past 10 years, he said, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese leaders have become much more aggressive in the region and made inroads."We must not let Putin drive wedges between friends in NATO," he said, adding that he had also warned of "the dangers of allowing China to gain a bridgehead in Hungary. Russia and China are authoritarian powers who do not share our joint aspirations of freedom."President Donald Trump's administration has made a point of reaching out to Orban, who shares Trump's strong stance on limiting migration and has adopted increasingly authoritarian measures, including cracking down on the opposition, labor unions, independent media and academia.The administration of Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, had largely steered clear of Orban, who won a third consecutive term last year in a campaign based on anti-immigration policies and whose policies have been met with street protests and deepening concern within the EU.Pompeo put the blame for much of the backsliding on a lack of U.S. engagement."I think for a long time we shunned them in a way that drove them to fill the vacuum with folks who didn't share our values," he said. "The Russians and the Chinese ended up getting more influence here, they do not remotely share the American ideals that we care so deeply about."Pompeo was given a list of concerns in a meeting with Hungarian civic leaders. Some of their groups have been targeted by legislation making their work more difficult, like a tax on funds received from abroad and the possible jail time for those convicted of aiding asylum seekers. Three groups that took part said they believed Pompeo would bring them to Orban."The meeting and the openness to the opinion of the civic groups again demonstrated that the American leadership is committed to the defense of the values of the rule of law and the role of civil society," the groups said in a statement.Last month, Orban said he wanted "anti-immigration forces" to become a majority in all European Union institutions, including its Parliament and the EU's executive Commission, and predicted that there would soon be two civilizations in Europe - one "that builds its future on a mixed Islamic and Christian coexistence" and another in Central Europe that would be only Christian.Orban's government has been targeted for criticism, including from the U.S., for forcing a Budapest-based university founded by billionaire philanthropist George Soros to move most of its programs to Vienna. His fiery rhetoric against migrants and refusal to join a new European Union public prosecutor's office focusing on fraud and corruption have also raised concerns.___Associated Press writer Pablo Gorondi contributed to this report.Load-Date: February 12, 2019End of Document

US warns Hungary, other allies to shun business with HuaweiAssociated Press Financial WireFebruary 11, 2019 Monday 7:37 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 975 wordsByline: By MATTHEW LEE, AP Diplomatic WriterDateline: BUDAPEST, Hungary BodyBUDAPEST, Hungary (AP) - The United States may be forced to scale back certain operations in Europe and elsewhere if countries continue to do business with the Chinese telecommunications company Huawei, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Monday in a new warning that underscores U.S. concerns about the firm.In Budapest on the first leg of a five-nation European tour during which he is raising American concerns about China and Russia's growing influence in Central Europe, Pompeo said nations would have to consider choosing between Huawei and the United States. The warning was broad but pointedly delivered in Hungary, a NATO ally and European Union member where Huawei is a major player."They are a sovereign nation," Pompeo said of Hungary. "They get to make their own decisions. What is imperative is that we share with them the things we know about the risks that Huawei's presence in their networks present - actual risks to their people, to the loss of privacy protections for their own people, to the risk that China will use this in a way that is not in the best interest of Hungary."The U.S. has been warning countries about the risks of Chinese telecom technology as governments choose providers for the rollout of "5G" wireless Internet, which will enable faster download speeds but also greater connectivity among devices.Pompeo says the presence of Chinese telecom infrastructure could drive a technological wedge between the U.S. and some allies."It also makes it more difficult for America to be present," Pompeo said. "That is, if that equipment is co-located where we have important American systems, it makes it more difficult for us to partner alongside them."Pompeo said he had raised the concerns with Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto and would also do so with nationalist Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who has been criticized for seeking closer ties with Russia and China and for increasingly authoritarian rule at home."We want to make sure we identify (to) them the opportunities and the risks with using that equipment. And then they will get to make their decisions," Pompeo said.The U.S. has repeatedly accused China of using technology to pilfer trade secrets. China recently has said that it's "totally unreasonable" to make some of these accusations and that the U.S. is just trying to suppress a rising competitor.At a news conference with Pompeo, Szijjarto acknowledged that Huawei is present in Hungary but played down its position in the market. He also made the point repeatedly that Hungary accounts for only 1.2 percent of European Union trade with China."This does not endanger us from being an ally," Szijjarto said.Pompeo will take the same message about Huawei to his next stop, Slovakia, on Tuesday, before heading to Poland, where he will participate in a conference on the future of the Middle East expected to focus on Iran. He will wrap up the tour with brief stops in Belgium and Iceland.Pompeo said he hoped to reverse what he called a decade of U.S. disengagement in Central Europe that created a vacuum Russia and China have exploited. Over the course of the past 10 years, he said, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese leaders have become much more aggressive in the region and made inroads."We must not let Putin drive wedges between friends in NATO," he said, adding that he had also warned of "the dangers of allowing China to gain a bridgehead in Hungary. Russia and China are authoritarian powers who do not share our joint aspirations of freedom."President Donald Trump's administration has made a point of reaching out to Orban, who shares Trump's strong stance on limiting migration and has adopted increasingly authoritarian measures, including cracking down on the opposition, labor unions, independent media and academia.The administration of Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, had largely steered clear of Orban, who won a third consecutive term last year in a campaign based on anti-immigration policies and whose policies have been met with street protests and deepening concern within the EU.Pompeo put the blame for much of the backsliding on a lack of U.S. engagement."I think for a long time we shunned them in a way that drove them to fill the vacuum with folks who didn't share our values," he said. "The Russians and the Chinese ended up getting more influence here, they do not remotely share the American ideals that we care so deeply about."Pompeo was given a list of concerns in a meeting with Hungarian civic leaders. Some of their groups have been targeted by legislation making their work more difficult, like a tax on funds received from abroad and the possible jail time for those convicted of aiding asylum seekers. Three groups that took part said they believed Pompeo would bring them to Orban."The meeting and the openness to the opinion of the civic groups again demonstrated that the American leadership is committed to the defense of the values of the rule of law and the role of civil society," the groups said in a statement.Last month, Orban said he wanted "anti-immigration forces" to become a majority in all European Union institutions, including its Parliament and the EU's executive Commission, and predicted that there would soon be two civilizations in Europe - one "that builds its future on a mixed Islamic and Christian coexistence" and another in Central Europe that would be only Christian.Orban's government has been targeted for criticism, including from the U.S., for forcing a Budapest-based university founded by billionaire philanthropist George Soros to move most of its programs to Vienna. His fiery rhetoric against migrants and refusal to join a new European Union public prosecutor's office focusing on fraud and corruption have also raised concerns.___Associated Press writer Pablo Gorondi contributed to this report.Load-Date: February 12, 2019End of Document

The 10 biggest risks that threaten the world in 2019CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJanuary 8, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1396 wordsBody The year 2018 was marked by challenges such as the US isolationist policy, the trade war with China or the growing rejection of global institutions; and all these problems could intensify during the year that has just begun.  Eurasia Group, a firm specialized in identifying global risks, assures that a "geopolitical climate change" is taking place and that almost all the aspects it monitors go in a negative direction. "This will undoubtedly be one of the most risky years at a global level, it is clear that geopolitics is going in a very bad direction, this is true both in the internal situation of each country and in the key relations between states," he said. El Mercurio "Ian Bremmer, president of the group.  This is the ranking of the 10 greatest geopolitical risks that the consultant warns about:  "Bad seeds"  The political instability that most countries face has meant that world heads of government and state are exclusively concerned with solving immediate problems, the study argues. That, added to the lack of clear global leadership, has allowed germinating risks that could materialize in the near future.  One of these "bad seeds" is the weakening of American institutions. The legitimacy of the agencies of that country is suffering constant damage, which has translated into a distrust of people towards them, the Eurasia Group states.  Internal divisions in the European Union (EU) - due to the increase in populist movements and Brexit - and the growing crisis of the system of global alliances are other problems that could worsen during the year. "The most urgent of these is the system of alliances, because that's where a misunderstanding can produce a crisis," Bremmer said.  The China-US relationship  The trade war between China and the US, driven by the US $ 250,000 tariffs imposed by Trump on Beijing products, marked international relations during 2018.  The American and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, managed to establish a "truce" during a dinner in Buenos Aires on the sidelines of the summit of leaders of the G20, but it remains to be seen if that will result in lasting peace.  In addition, an agreement on tariffs would not end the economic frictions between China and the US, as the tensions go beyond that. Washington demands greater access to the Chinese market and both governments have fundamental differences about the role that the State should play in the economy.  Cyber threat  It has been a risk in recent years, but 2019 will mark a turning point in the fight against cyber attacks.  For the first time, the USA He has said that he will no longer have a reactive attitude and that he will try to reach the guilty parties directly. In that line, last year Trump allowed the Pentagon Cybercommand to launch preventive attacks against hackers.  The aim is to deter the perpetrators, but a more aggressive stance from Washington could lead to cybercriminals responding with larger attacks.  On the other hand, internal investigations in the USA. following the "Russian plot" - the supposed collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign in the 2016 presidential elections - will advance this year, which could encourage hackers to launch new attacks, if they begin to, for example, to know their identities.  European populism  The victory in the Italian elections of the 5 Star Movement and the League, and the advancement in the local parliaments of Alternative for Germany, left the populism reinforced in 2018 and could take more impetus this year.  In May, the EU will hold parliamentary elections and polls predict that eurosceptic parties, both right and left, will get more seats than ever. The populiststhey would obtain about 37% of the seats, according to the site pollofpolls.eu, which collects the latest surveys of the block.  If the polls are correct, the European Parliament could have difficulties to function properly and face crises this year, warns Eurasia Group.  Problems in the USA  It is the first time that the internal situation of the United States. appears in the ranking of risks, and there are several reasons.  With a Democratic majority in the House of Representatives, Trump faces a parliamentary opposition for the first time in his term. In this scenario, the President is likely to take a confrontational stance, generating more tension with the Legislature.  While the chances of Trump being dismissed are low, growing pressure from Congress, coupled with a greater polarization of Americans due to the imminence of the presidential 2020 elections, could cause chaos this year.  Fall in innovation  During 2018, technological competition became increasingly political, says Eurasia Group, and this year the consequences will begin to be seen.  Security concerns are causing governments around the world to expose themselves less to foreign influence in key areas, concerns about privacy - which were at the center of the public agenda in the wake of the scandal over leaks on social networks - have led greater controls over individual data and economic problems prompted several countries to establish trade barriers to imports.  All this will make it more difficult for large technology companies to have the tools they need and, therefore, lead to a drop in innovation this year.  Alliance of opposites  At the beginning of last year, the USA Trump was shown as the great opponent of global institutions, but is no longer alone in his crusade.  Countries such as Russia, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Turkey and, more recently, Italy and Brazil, have made it clear that they are not willing for international organizations to influence their internal affairs and have received support in their respective countries.  Although they do not agree on everything and have not formed a formal alliance, the leaders of those governments will continue to press the world order together.  Latin America  Mexico is the biggest risk in Latin America, argues the Eurasia Group.  During his first year in office, President Andrés Manuel López Obrador has promised to promote ambitious social and infrastructure programs, but is unlikely to have the resources he needs, which could cause serious damage to his economy.  The firm's report does not highlight Venezuela as a risk because "we do not believe that (President) Nicolás Maduro will be removed, nor that the US will promote a military intervention in the country." It is a challenge for countries such as Colombia, Brazil and Venezuela. Chile for the issue of migration, but we do not expect things to change much this year, "said Bremmer.  Stress in Ukraine  The conflict between Kiev and Moscow was stifled at the end of 2018 by the arrest of 24 Ukrainian sailors in the Kerch Strait and things could get complicated in 2019.  In March there will be presidential elections in Ukraine and shortly after there will be legislative elections. It is unlikely that a pro-Russian government or parliament will be established, but there is no doubt that the Kremlin will try to influence the elections to weaken the candidates it considers a threat, says Eurasia Group.  Vote in Nigeria  The beginning could be a year of uncertainty for Nigeria, the main African market, which faces its most disputed presidential election since the arrival of democracy in 1999.  On the one hand, there is President Muhammadu Buhari, a leader who "has shown little capacity" to face the problems of Nigeria and, by theanother, is Atiku Abubakar, a candidate "with unclear proposals" and who could end up "benefiting the richest in the country," comments Eurasia Group.  The mystery of the BrexitThe UK exit from the European Union (EU) is included in the risk report, but it does not appear with a number, but with an asterisk. This is because it is the great unknown of 2019.  The British are supposed to leave the bloc in March, but the refusal of the country's parliament to approve the agreement reached between Theresa May's government and the EU has left the whole process in the air.  Not only is it a mystery what kind of relations London and Brussels will have after the divorce, it has even been questioned whether the Brexit will happen or not, as the EU has left the door open for May to go back and in the last weeks have multiplied the voices that ask him to hold a new referendum.  Copyright Grupo de Diarios América - GDA / El Mercurio / Chile Load-Date: January 10, 2019End of Document

Huawei's chairman brazened it out among world leaders at Davos, talking up 5G while the company faces a criminal probeBusiness Insider USJanuary 22, 2019 Tuesday 06:11 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 584 wordsByline: feedback@businessinsider.com,  (Isobel Asher Hamilton)Highlight: Hu also said that companies affected by the ongoing US-China trade war cannot afford to stay passive.BodyAP Photo/Markus Schreiber• Huawei chairman and rotating CEO Ken Hu appeared at the World Economic Forum in Davos on Tuesday.• Hu said 5G will be the next big technological change, and said Huawei expects to deploy 5G mobile technology in 20 more countries over the next 12 months.• He also said that companies affected by the ongoing US-China trade war cannot afford to stay passive.• Huawei's 5G ambitions have been hampered by the US lobbying its allies to reject the company's bids based on national security fears.Huawei's chairman Ken Hu appeared at the World Economic Forum in Davos on Tuesday, appearing calm and composed at the gathering of the world's political leaders and elite.Hu and other senior Huawei executives are appearing at the conference, despite facing considerable global hostility thanks to worries that the Chinese firm helps its governments to spy on other nations. Huawei's CFO is being detained in Canada and under investigation for alleged dealings with Iran, which is forbidden under US sanctions. And the company is            reportedly facing a criminal probe for allegedly stealing US firms' trade secrets.Speaking during a panel on Tuesday morning, Hu said next-generation mobile internet, 5G, would be the next major technological development.He said Huawei has deployed 5G in more than 10 countries, and expects to deploy it in another 20 over the next 12 months. He added that Huawei will be bringing out its 5G smartphone in June of this year.Hu's comments strike a defiant tone, given Huawei is seeing major barriers to its 5G business. The US government has been lobbying its allies to ban Huawei's 5G equipment from their mobile networks. The fear is that Huawei's equipment allows China's Communist Party to spy on other governments, something the firm's leadership has denied."5G is ready, 5G is coming, and 5G will bring every one of us great benefits," Hu said. He claimed that 5G could enable people to watch a football game from the perspective of the players, or enable a smartphone to download an HD movie in just seconds. He also listed smart manufacturing, autonomous driving, and remote surgery as possible beneficiaries of the technology.Read more: Huawei's CEO threatens to axe "mediocre" staff after global security worriesHu touched on Huawei being caught up by the US-China trade war. He said Huawei has seen a "damaging effect," and warned it might get worse before it gets better."We are probably not suffering the worst right now," Hu said. He concluded that while Chinese companies including Huawei are able to react to the trade war for the moment, in the long term, "just being reactive is not enough."Huawei's executives have spoken out more forcefully since the arrest of their CFO, Meng Wanzhou, who happens to be the daughter of CEO Ren Zhengfei. Ren recently broke years of public silence to speak to reporters to address the arrest of his daughter. He also tried to assuage national security fears, and called Donald Trump a "great president."NOW WATCH: Jeff Bezos is worth over $100 billion - here's how the world's richest man makes and spends his moneySee Also:• Huawei's CEO threatens to axe 'mediocre' staff after global security worries• The reclusive founder of Huawei broke years of silence after his daughter's arrest in Canada to say he misses her 'very much'• China lashes out at the US after Huawei got caught in a security firestorm that's getting worse by the daySEE ALSO: Here's why it's so hard to buy Huawei devices in the USLoad-Date: February 11, 2019End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 20 of 197The global surface mount technology (SMT) carrier tape market size is expected to reach USD 144.0 million by 2025  Page 22 of 197LianLian Pay attends the 4th Shoptalk in Las Vegas; LianLian Pay CEO Pan Guodong shares his concern: the accelerating development of e-commerce has increased th....  Page 25 of 197Market Participants Hold Their Collective Breath Ahead of Apple Earnings  Page 30 of 197Optimism About Trade May Generate Continued Buying Interest  Page 32 of 197China, US open trade talks as Beijing says exports rebound  Page 34 of 197Xinjiang human rights activist Serikzhan Bilash arrested by Kazakhstan police, lawyer says  Page 36 of 197The Impact of the US Action Against Fujian Jinhua and UMC, 2019 Report  Page 38 of 197SCIENTISTS IDENTIFY BIOLOGICAL INVASION HOTSPOTS FOR PROMOTING THE GREEN DEVELOPMENT OF THE BELT AND ROAD INITIATIVE  Page 40 of 197Pacific Securities commits to 10 billion RMB underwriting of Underwriting for NTC Electric City Bus Transaction  Page 43 of 197Pacific Securities commits to 10 billion RMB underwriting of Underwriting for NTC Electric City Bus Transaction  Page 45 of 197Federal prosecutors are leading a criminal investigation into Huawei and allegations that it stole trade secrets from US companies  Page 47 of 197Germany to require suppliers of 5G networks be 'trustworthy'  Page 49 of 197OEMs Invest in Real-time Contextual Navigation Services to Catalyse Future Growth  Page 51 of 197OEMs Invest in Real-time Contextual Navigation Services to Catalyse Future Growth  Page 53 of 197Bay Street Seen Opening On Mixed Note  Page 55 of 197Satellogic Signs Agreement with CGWIC to Launch Earth Observation Constellation of 90 Satellites; Long March-6 rockets will deliver Satellogic's spacecraft to L....  Page 57 of 197APAC Electric Charging Station Market to Surpass US$ 3,785.8 Million by 2026  Page 59 of 197EV fever: I just don't get it  Page 62 of 197Facebook's 'pivot' is less about privacy and more about profits  Page 64 of 197MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The ....  Page 66 of 197MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The ....  Page 68 of 197MICRON LEAD PLAINTIFF DEADLINE ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Micron Technology, Inc. To Contact The ....  Page 70 of 197Risen Energy's 40MW photovoltaic power station project in Kazakhstan connects to the grid; The facility is expected to drive the growth of clean energy in the C....  Page 72 of 197Natural Health Trends Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Preliminary Revenue Estimates  Page 74 of 197Participated in ISPO Beijing, Secoo Expands Premium Sport Business  Page 77 of 197Global Factory Automation & Industrial Controls Market Growth, Trends, and Forecasts Report 2019-2024  Page 82 of 197Global Factory Automation & Industrial Controls Markets, 2019-2024 - Increased Adoption of Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine- to-Machine Technologies - Resea....  Page 84 of 197Huawei plays offensively to win supporters in the US  Page 87 of 197The stock market starts off 2019 with more turbulence  Page 89 of 197Trump expected to sign order prioritizing AI research spending  Page 91 of 197Trump expected to sign order prioritizing AI research spending  Page 93 of 197Ferguson, Nye discuss modern challenges to democracyeval(ez_write_tag([[728,90],'stanforddaily_com-box-3','ezslot_0']));  Page 95 of 197Germany launches auction for 5G network frequencies  Page 97 of 197Germany launches auction for 5G network frequencies  Page 99 of 197The Real Money Post Industrial Average Continues to Soar  Page 101 of 197Chileans Most Worried About Their Internet Privacy  Page 103 of 197Supercomputer Simulations Reveal New Insight on Sea Fog Development  Page 105 of 197SUPERCOMPUTER SIMULATIONS REVEAL NEW INSIGHT ON SEA FOG DEVELOPMENT  Page 107 of 197Tencent win; Oil rises; Starbucks on China  Page 109 of 197Apple buys 10% more from US suppliers in 2018  Page 112 of 197Tech, Media & Telecom Trends 2019: Emerging Technologies will Continue to Cause Significant Disruption - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page 115 of 1975 things to know for March 7: House Dems, Huawei, Trudeau, Facebook, Alex Trebek  Page 118 of 1975 things to know for March 7: House Dems, Huawei, Trudeau, Facebook, Alex Trebek  Page 121 of 197Commodities Rose on Tightening Crude Oil Inventories and Higher Demand Expectations for Metals  Page 123 of 197Global Semiconductor Intellectual Property Market to 2024 by Design IP, IP Source, Vertical and Region  Page 125 of 197Trade war delaying Chinese automaker's US plans  Page 127 of 197Trade war delaying Chinese automaker's US plans  Page 129 of 197Here's How I'd Play Boeing, Though Delta Might Be a Better Option  Page 131 of 197The global smart transformer market is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of about 9.10% during the forecast years of 2019-2027  Page 133 of 197Bullish SunTrust Previews Alibaba's Q3 Print  Page 135 of 197Real Money Post-Industrial Average Records 7% Gain So Far in 2019  Page 138 of 197The semiconductor IP market is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2018 to USD 6.5 billion by 2024, at a CAGR of 4.78%  Page 143 of 197RECON: ROCHE, AC IMMUNE HALT TWO LATE-STAGE ALZHEIMER'S TRIALS  Page  of US, China extend talks on trade battle for 3rd day  Page 146 of 197Huawei founder breaks silence for the first time since 2015  Page 148 of 197Anitoa Introduces Android Apps for Portable Maverick 4-Channel qPCR Systems; Completes 64 Tests Simultaneously in 30-min for On-site Tests  Page 150 of 197Extra Innings: Esports offers promising future  Page 152 of 197The Family Weekly: Inside the Lives of Child Instagram Influencers  Page 156 of 197Urban Air Mobility Market To Reach USD 7.9 Billion By 2030 | Reports And Data  Page 159 of 197What to Make of Amazon's Big Content Bets - Tech Check  Page 161 of 1977 ag stories you might have missed this week - March 1, 2019  Page 163 of 1977 ag stories you might have missed this week - March 1, 2019  Page 166 of 197Stronger Growth in Tourism Expected This Year After a Weak 2018  Page 168 of 197The IoT Long Game; The Next Ten Years of Market Development; Mobile Experts releases a complete look at the Cellular IoT market through 2029  Page 170 of 197SFS Alum Wins Prestigious Schwarzman Scholarship  Page 172 of 197InterSystems IRIS for Health Empowers MediWay Technology to Accelerate the Digital Transformation of Healthcare in China; Scalable and Interoperable iMedical Cl....  Page 174 of 197InterSystems IRIS for Health Empowers MediWay Technology to Accelerate the Digital Transformation of Healthcare in China  Page 177 of 197Business Highlights  Page 179 of 197Huobi Group Eyes Possible Expansion In Argentina; Huobi Group Founder Leon Li recently met with senior Argentinian finance officials to discuss the role blockch....  Page 182 of 197Display Driver Market Worth $9.1 Billion by 2023 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets(TM)  Page 184 of 197Courtrooms to canola fields: Huawei-US tensions span globe  Page 186 of 197Courtrooms to canola fields: Huawei-US tensions span globe  Page 189 of 197US warns Hungary, other allies to shun business with Huawei  Page 192 of 197US warns Hungary, other allies to shun business with Huawei  Page 195 of 197The 10 biggest risks that threaten the world in 2019  Page 197 of 197Huawei's chairman brazened it out among world leaders at Davos, talking up 5G while the company faces a criminal probe  