Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 1:29:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142628446Documents (100)1. Trump, First Lady Meeting Members of the Royal Household This Morning; DOJ Reportedly Exploring Antitrust Probe of Google; China, Mexico Signal Willingness To Step Up Trade Talks With U.S.; President Trump In London; Crisis At The Border; Crisis At The Border; SoftBank Facing Challenging Raising Money For Fund; IKEA Recreates T.V. Shows; Hickenlooper Denounces Socialism At A California Democratic ConventionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20192. BLINDFOLD BIG BROTHER: WE NEED A GLOBAL RIGHT TO PRIVACY IN PUBLIC SPACESClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20193. REPORT: PHILIPPINE FOREIGN OFFICE WARNED OF USING CHINESE TECH GIANT HUAWEIClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20194. The Game of Thrones finale didn't air in China. Some fans are blaming the trade warClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20195. CHINA BARS AUSTRALIAN COAL IN POLITICAL RIFTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20196. Global hacking of telecom operators shows links to ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20197. The Achilles heel of the latest technologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20198. Scientists with ties to China ousted from US cancer center amid fears of foreign influenceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20199. Scientists with ties to China ousted from US cancer center amid fears of foreign influenceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201910. CHINESE ARTIST MENTIONS TIANANMEN MASSACRE ANNIVERSARY IN AWARD SPEECHClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201911. Rep. Spanberger Leads Introduction of Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect Telecommunications InfrastructureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201912. SPANBERGER LEADS INTRODUCTION OF BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY THREATSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201913. Tencent-Backed WeDoctor Scraps International Listing for ShanghaiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201914. China is ramping up trade-war tensions after Trump's tariff threat, saying it will 'fight to the end'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201915. Human Rights Watch: Blindfold Big Brother - We Need a Global Right to Privacy in Public SpacesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201916. Microsoft collaborated with Chinese military university. Experts warn of risksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201917. Why is the United States concerned about 5G?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201918. TRUMP IS RIGHT TO BATTLE CHINA ON TRADE, BUT NOW COMES THE HARD PARTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201919. Interview with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin; Interview with President. Donald J. Trump about the Border Crisis; Kids II Recalls Rocking Sleepers after Five Infant Deaths; Mark Zuckerberg's Sleep Box; Marriott's Home Rental PushClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201920. Americans teach English to Chinese kids, from homeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201921. Microsoft accused of being 'complicit' in persecution of 1 million Muslims after helping China develop sinister AI capabilitiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201922. DHS warns of 'strong concerns' that Chinese-made drones are stealing dataClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201923. DHS warns of 'strong concerns' that Chinese-made drones are stealing dataClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201924. NEW PLATFORM TO CHANNEL LESSONS FROM CHINA'S NEW SILK ROADClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201925. DIRECTOR ADDRESSES COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201926. Xi Jinping is determined to end all poverty in China by 2020. Can he do it?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201927. Xi Jinping is determined to end all poverty in China by 2020. Can he do it?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201928. A grim preview of a trade war takes shapeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201929. A grim preview of a trade war takes shapeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201930. PENTAGON WARNS OF CHINESE MILITARY SPYINGClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201931. Former top US generals issue 'grave' warning to ban Chinese techClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201932. Former top US generals issue 'grave' warning to ban Chinese techClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201933. China mum on Trump-Xi meeting as Huawei says sales slowingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201934. China mum on Trump-Xi meeting as Huawei says sales slowingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201935. Sen. Hawley Introduces Bill to Stop the Chinese Military's Acquisition of Sensitive American TechnologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201936. SEN. HAWLEY INTRODUCES BILL TO STOP THE CHINESE MILITARY'S ACQUISITION OF SENSITIVE AMERICAN TECHNOLOGYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201937. Alibaba Planning $20 Billion Hong Kong Listing Amid China US IPO Questions - RPTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201938. USTR Adds China's Third-Largest E-Commerce Platform To List Of "Notorious Markets."Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201939. Rep. Rooney Cosponsors Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect U.S. Telecommunications Infrastructure From National Security ThreatsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201940. ROONEY COSPONSORS BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY THREATSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201941. United States fears growth of China's HuaweiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201942. China criticizes US measures against Huawei and warns that it will protect its companiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201943. Senators question how to roll out 5G without Chinese technologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201944. Wyclef Jean on Women in the Music Business and the Revolution of Music; President Donald Trump Suggests He Could Consider Demoting Federal Reserve Chairman Jay Powell; China Making Active Preparations for a Successful MeetingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201945. State Department Issues Press Briefing With Deputy Assistant Secretary StrayerClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201946. TELEPHONIC PRESS BRIEFING WITH DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY ROBERT STRAYER CYBER AND INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS AND INFORMATION POLICY BUREAU OF ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS AFFAIRSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201947. HOTELS IN CHINESE CITIES NEAR NORTH KOREAN BORDER FORCED TO BLOCK ACCESS TO SOUTH KOREAN TVClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201948. After a Record-Breaking Year in 2018, Herbalife Nutrition Reports Highest First Quarter Volume Points in Company HistoryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201949. China already has ready plan to counterattack US with rare metalsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201950. China handles Tiananmen anniversary with usual silenceClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201951. Trump Warning Iran Via Oman That An Attack Was Imminent, Wanted Talks; FAA Bars U.S. Carriers From Flying over Iran Amid Tensions; WeWork Facing Lawsuit For Gender and Age Discrimination; S&P 500 Record Close; Co Base "Brawl" Suspensions; U.S.-China Trade; Walmart Settles Bribery Investigation For $282M; "Toy Story 4" Is Expected To Have $160-$200M Opening Weekend; Beyonce And Donald Glover Sing New Teaser For "The Lion King"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201952. 'Unreliable entity': China may blacklist FedEx amid Huawei rowClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201953. Telegram blames China for powerful DDoS attack during Hong Kong protestsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201954. China challenges United States after ban on HuaweiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201955. China Warns US And Reassures Foreign Firms After Huawei BlacklistingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201956. Why Chinese influence is unlikely to be a hot topic in the next Australian electionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201957. Why Chinese influence is unlikely to be a hot topic in the next Australian electionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201958. Sources: Trump Delayed Action Against Huawei Until China Trade Talks StalledClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201959. No iPhone, no KFC, no Disneyland: Chinese firm bans workers from buying US goods, travel to USAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201960. SCHUMER: CHINESE STATE-OWNED COMPANY IS SELLING TRAIN CONTROL, WI-FI AND OTHER TECH EQUIP TO AMERICAN SUBWAY SYSTEMS AND WORKING WITH THE MTA;Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201961. Schumer: Chinese State-Owned Company is Selling Train Control, Wi-Fi, Tech Equip to American Subway Systems, Working With MTAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201962. Apple CEO Tim Cook Denies Company is A Monopoly; Xbox Body Wash; Apple Updates Guidelines for Kids' AppsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201963. APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail techClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201964. APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail techClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201965. APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail techClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201966. China's Rare Earth Threats Drive Home a Basic Fact About the Trade WarClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201967. Reps. Mark Green and Henry Cuellar Introduce Bill to Stop Chinese Military's Acquisition of Sensitive American TechnologyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201968. REPS. MARK GREEN AND HENRY CUELLAR INTRODUCE BILL TO STOP CHINESE MILITARY'S ACQUISITION OF SENSITIVE AMERICAN TECHNOLOGYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201969. GRASSLEY OP-ED: IOWA NOT IMMUNE TO FOREIGN THREATS TO TAXPAYER-FUNDED RESEARCHClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201970. US CHARGES 2 CHINESE ENGINEERS WITH STEALING TRADE SECRETSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201971. FAMILY WORRIED ETHIOPIAN WOMAN DETAINED IN CHINA FACES DEATH PENALTYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201972. RIGHTS GROUP DETAILS HOW CHINA USES A MOBILE APP TO SPY ON UYGHURSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201973. FedEx confirms Huawei mail ban as new 'mistake' reignites Chinese ireClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201974. O'HALLERAN JOINS BIPARTISAN GROUP TO INTRODUCE LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY THREATSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201975. USA Launches Alert for Possibility of Chinese Drones Spying for BeijingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201976. China seeks to reassure Europe at Croatia summitClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201977. China seeks to reassure Europe at Croatia summitClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201978. 'I'm not backing down this time': Chinese dissident artist Badiucao reveals his identityClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201979. Trump reportedly may blacklist Chinese surveillance giant Hikvision, indicating the trade war is shifting from sweeping tariffs to direct attacks. That has traders nervous.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201980. Global and China $578 Bn Integrated Circuit Industries Markets, 2014-2018 & 2019-2023Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201981. Global and China Integrated Circuit Industries Report 2019-2023: Impact of the Sino-U.S. Trade War on the Integrated Circuit IndustryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201982. Huawei denies conducting research for the Chinese militaryClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201983. Huawei phone sales sinking out of China since US blacklistedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201984. Chinese students face delays as U.S. checks applicantsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201985. China Cuts Taxes To Enourage Chip Makers In Face Of US PressureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201986. CRU: Chinese Coke Capacity to Fall in the Coming DecadeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201987. Hong Kong bill in U.S. Congress is urgent, activist saysClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201988. Chinese Tech Giant Aims at Growing Health Sector Globally - QTC Care Closed 7 Million USD InvestmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201989. China ratchets up anti-US rhetoric with old war films and travel alertsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201990. China ratchets up anti-US rhetoric with old war films and travel alertsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201991. Trump planning more restrictions on tech exports to ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201992. Huawei phone sales sink out of China by U.S. pressureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201993. Tesla promotes lower priced China-made Model 3Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201994. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201995. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201996. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201997. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 19:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201998. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 20:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201999. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 21:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 2019100. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 22:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 2019

Trump, First Lady Meeting Members of the Royal Household This Morning; DOJ Reportedly Exploring Antitrust Probe of Google; China, Mexico Signal Willingness To Step Up Trade Talks With U.S.; President Trump In London; Crisis At The Border; Crisis At The Border; SoftBank Facing Challenging Raising Money For Fund; IKEA Recreates T.V. Shows; Hickenlooper Denounces Socialism At A California Democratic ConventionMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 6:00 AM ESTJune 3, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 7461 wordsByline: Dagen McDowell, Edward Lawrence, Cheryl Casone, Jackie DeAngelisGuests: Joseph Sternberg, Mitch Roschelle, Ronica Cleary, Philip Orlando, Tom Homan, Tiana LoweBodyDAGEN MCDOWELL, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Good morning, ladies. Good morning, everyone, I'm Dagen McDowell, in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Monday, June 3rd, your top stories at 6:00 a.m.Breaking news, President Trump arriving in London overnight, kicking off his state visit to the United Kingdom, but he's not receiving a warm welcome from everyone, and the President is already fighting back, guess where? Twitter.A possible thaw in trade tensions to report, both Canada and Mexico or China and Mexico, reportedly showing a willingness to negotiate, we will look at what is next as more economists warn of a recession.A major outage for Google, services from Gmail to YouTube, down for hours, details on that, plus the company getting ready for a legal fight with the U.S. government.And the end of an era, Apple gearing up for its developers' conference where it will likely say goodbye to iTunes, as we've know it. MORNINGS WITH MARIA starts right now.Global trade tensions rattling markets this morning, with Futures pointing to a lower open. You can take a look at the Futures there, 82-point loss on the Dow Futures, right now. It has been (INAUDIBLE) coming off beginning June, but coming off a rough month for stocks, again, for its monthly loses for the major markets.And all major market gauges were sharply lower in the month of May, with the Dow Transports down the most, down more than 10 percent.Breaking news, President Trump is in the United Kingdom, in London, for a state visit, and meeting with members of the Royal Family, next hour. Edward Lawrence is in London with the very latest. Good morning or good afternoon.EDWARD LAWRENCE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Good afternoon, good morning, Dagen. President Donald Trump is here now in London, in Winfield House, the U.S. Ambassador's residence here, the President tweeting even before he landed, talking about how nasty the Mayor of London has been to him.Now, the Mayor of London has allowed protesters to fly a larger blimp or balloon, mocking the President. Now, here is the actual tweet. The President tweeting out saying, the mayor of London has been nasty to a great ally of the United Kingdom.In a second tweet, then President compared him, the Mayor -- to the mayor of New York, who the President calls, incompetent, adding that the President looks forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom.Now, this is an ongoing feud with the mayor of London, just listen to this from yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I don't like him at all.(END VIDEO CLIP)LAWRENCE: There it is. I don't like him at all, the President is saying. There will be a lot of pomp and circumstance later on today. The President will have -- and the First Lady, will have lunch with the Queen of England. The President will then bring talk with members of the Royal Family.Now, he has brought over his kids, Ivanka Trump was actually on my flight, here to London. She, along with Tiffany, Eric and Don Junior, will have what the President is calling a next-generation meeting with Prince Harry and Prince William.Now, we are told the Royal Family will bring up climate change with the President. Also, a government spokesman says that Theresa May, the prime minister here, in London, will also talk about climate change. There will be a lot of pomp and circumstance later on.And protests tomorrow are expected to be much larger if any, today, but tomorrow, expecting a lot of protests as he talks with the Prime Minister, back to you, Dagen.MCDOWELL: Edward, thank you so much. We will see you all morning long, but much to report from London today. Thank you so much. Joining me now from London, the Wall Street Journal Editorial Page Editor for Europe, Joseph Sternberg, Joseph, so good to see you this morning.Put this visit in perspective because the Royal Family's Instagram account, I will point out, has been tweeting about this visit and the Queen did host President Trump and Melania last year, at Windsor Castle.But over the course of her reign, the Queen has met 12 U.S. presidents but only hosted two previous state visits for George W. Bush and President Obama in 2011, so put this in perspective for everybody.JOSEPH STERNBERG, EDITORIAL PAGE EDITOR, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL: Right. Well, I think one of the reasons that this is particularly important for the U.K. right now, is because it's happening against the backdrop of Brexit, Britain's plan to leave the European Union. And, of course, success for that is going to depend on certain extent on deepening the relationship with the U.S., particularly, trade ties.And so, that certainly is an aspect of President Trump's visit that a lot of people over here are focused on, you know, how do you continue to deepen and expand that economic relationship and also security cooperation against the backdrop of Brexit and the political uncertainty that's creating here?MCDOWELL: Are there any meeting scheduled that will do those things?STERNBERG: Well, unfortunately, it's going to be difficult to make a lot of progress because Prime Minister Theresa May with whom President Trump would ordinarily plan to discuss these things out. She's resigning at the end of this week, and certainly, there isn't any clarity on who the replacement is going to be.So, I think, that there is big symbolic value in President Trump being here, suggesting that these ties continue to be very important. I don't think that we can expect to see any real progress on any of these trade issues, especially, until there is a new prime minister in place here, in London, who can do those talks.MCDOWELL: And I heard Nigel Farage, big win for the, what, seven-week, all Brexit Party in the parliamentary elections most recently. Nigel Farage was on FOX News earlier, and he said that he apparently has reached out to the President, hoping to find time tomorrow, perhaps, if there's any time in his schedule, where they could -- the two of them could meet. Would that be meaningful?STERNBERG: Well, I think that, you know, it is good for the U.S. to be open to working with any of our partners from any political party here, in the U.K. But I do think that there's a bit of a problem when things are so much influx, right now, for the President to be seen, to put his finger on one scale or another.I think that it might be better, at this point, to wait -- to see how some of this political process, in Britain, will play out, figure out who the new prime minister is going to be. And then, you know, Washington should be eager to work with whoever that person is.MCDOWELL: Right. So, the British press is both brilliant and brutal. And I wonder how is this being portrayed, the state visit by President Trump, how is it being portrayed in the press. Because I did read the editorial that the mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, wrote that was in, I believe, The Guardian, and it was -- you only need to read the title. I read the entire thing.But it said it's un-British to roll out the red carpet for Donald Trump. But beyond this editorial, what's been -- how is this visit been portrayed?STERNBERG: Well, the reality is that the President Trump is about as controversial here, in Britain, as he is, back home, in America. So, this always was going to be more controversial than some other state visits might be. But remember that, you know, U.S. presidents have a way of being controversial everywhere around the world.I think that people across Europe always have an opinion where they either like or dislike strongly whoever happens to be in the White House. And sometimes, it's a little difficult for me to figure out how much of this is a Trump effect versus how much of this is the, sort of, conflict that you often might encounter if Europeans happen to dislike whoever is the president.MCDOWELL: That's very well put, Joseph. Just one more thing I want to bring up, because in some of the coverage here in the United States, they are making much out of the fact that President Trump will not be speaking before parliament.And that he's not actually staying at Buckingham Palace. That he's staying at the U.S. Ambassador's residence instead. But Buckingham Palace is under renovation. I think they're spending roughly half a billion dollars to renovate one of the wings there. Is there anything to be made out of those two things that I just mentioned?STERNBERG: Well, I think, certainly, they are speaking to parliament (INAUDIBLE) the more significant of the two things. And it is kind of an embarrassment, although, it's arguably an embarrassment for the British parliament too, they aren't able to put some of their specific objections to President Trump, aside, and understand that there needs to be a certain cultivating of this important relationship.But, you know, I think the reality is the U.S. and the U.K. are going to have to work together on a lot of issues moving forward and you know, hopefully, we see some signs that that can happen despite this controversy.MCDOWELL: Right. And especially given the fact that this week, and the reason for the President's state visit, is the 75th anniversary of the D- Day invasion, and he will be with members of the Royal Family at Portsmouth, I believe, on Wednesday. So, maybe everybody, on this side of the Atlantic and on your side of the Atlantic, can remember that.STERNBERG: Exactly. I think that the cooperation between the U.K. and the U.S. goes back many decades. Hopefully, it continues for many decades to come. And I think that the big thing that we all need to hope for is that it can withstand some of these pressures that come and go from time to time.MCDOWELL: Thank you so much, Joseph Sternberg. It was great to speak with you this morning. I'm sure you'll have a lot to talk about and write about in the coming days, and thank you for that.STERNBERG: Thanks.MCDOWELL: I want to bring up a spokesperson for the mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has said this, in response to, again, Sadiq Khan wrote an editorial, a scathing editorial about President Trump's visit. And then, President Trump responded on Twitter, a few hours ago.This is much more serious than childish insults, which would be beneath the President of the United States. Sadiq is representing the progressive values of London and our country, warning that Donald Trump is the most egregious example of a growing far-right threat around the globe, which is putting at risk the basic values that have defined our liberal democracies for more than 70 years.That's a spokesperson for the mayor of London. And I'll respond, using Piers Morgan, tweeted that there's been a rush of stabbings or knife attacks across London. So, you have a mayor that basically is not protecting his own people but instead, bashing, a head of state who's visiting London, visiting the United Kingdom.More potential trouble for Boeing 737 Max jets, Cheryl Casone has the details, Cheryl.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Dagen, good morning. Well, the FAA is warning, nearly 150 parts on Boeing 737 jets may be defective, and they need to be replaced. More than 300 jets can be affected worldwide, folks. The main parts, in question, used to guide these plane's wings.Boeing now working to fix the problems, adding that no issues have been reported still, though, shares of Boeing are lower in the premarket down almost one percent right now.Well, President Trump's top economist is leaving the job. Kevin Hassett will be stepping down as Chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers. President Trump announced the move on Twitter last night.Kevin Hassett, who has done such a great job for me and the administration, will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done. He is a true friend.Well, Apple, kicking off its annual conference for developers in San Jose today, the company laying out its plans for the next year. They are expected to announce they're going to close iTunes. Three separate apps from music, T.V. and podcast are going to replace the 18-year-old service.This is another step for Apple. They're positioning themselves as an entertainment service rather than just a harbor company. Apple is going to unveil the latest version of IOS. That's the software for the iPhone and the iPad. The stocks are slightly down, Dagen, in the premarket. No more iTunes.I've got to say, I was always a little overwhelmed by iTunes, a little complicated. I'm not sure I'm going to miss it.MCDOWELL: Thank you for that, Cheryl, we'll see you all morning.CASONE: All right.MCDOWELL: Meantime, President Trump just tweeting on China, writing this, China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking billions.While there has been a report from the Federal Reserve. We shall point out that U.S. consumers are bearing the burden of the tariffs, so far, and that's not including the potential of adding tariffs to every dollar of imports into the United States, so there is some increased costs for consumers here.Coming up, crisis at the border, detention centers said to be dangerously overcrowded, President Trump looking to curb immigration with new tariffs on Mexico. Plus, Google recovering after an outage and gearing up for potential antitrust investigation. Stay with us.MCDOWELL: A big show coming up this morning. We have the Director of the Heritage Foundation's, Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom and Former Foreign Policy Adviser under Margaret Thatcher, now Gardiner, can't wait to talk to him. He can see the world, and certainly, Britain.Texas Congressman and the House Appropriations Committee Member, Henry Cuellar, Former Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director, Tom Homan, and The Coming Collapse of China author, Gordon Chang. Plus, FOX News Senior Judicial Analyst, Judge Andrew Napolitano. You don't want to miss it, stay with us.And then, of course, the pomp and pageantry of the President's visit to Buckingham Palace. But first, let's focus on home. Google, under fire, the Justice Department laying the foundation for a potential antitrust investigation, largely focused on the company's search practices, this, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.House Minority leader, Kevin McCarthy, telling Maria Bartiromo on "SUNDAY MORNING FUTURES" why he thinks it is appropriate to investigate.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. KEVIN MCCARTHY (R-CA): They now have a monopoly where 90 percent of all searches go through Google. In 2013, the FTC actually looked at this. They found that their behavior, the way they treated other companies was wrong, the way they abused the monopoly power. And they were supposed to correct themselves even though staff wanted to go further.I think it is right to look at this because the power of that first placement of where you search something can influence what an individual does.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCDOWELL: The company is also recovering from an hours long outage yesterday, to YouTube, Gmail and other services. Joining the conversation all morning, FOX Business' Jackie DeAngelis is here, PWC Partner, Mitch Roschelle, along with Cleary Strategies President, Former White House Correspondent, Ronica Cleary, welcome one and all. Mitch, what do you make of this?MITCH ROSCHELLLE, PARTNER, PWC: Well, first of all, I'm having deja vu from when AT&T was broken up about 30 plus years ago, but the interesting thing is, I don't know who would end up regulating them, if they were regulated, because it's a business like, really no other if you look at it from a historical perspective. The other thing is, it's more than just search. You can't just say it's about search.They are the largest internet advertising agency. They are in the messaging business. They are in the streaming video business for the (INAUDIBLE) it's really a difficult enterprise to figure out how you regulate and maybe they're starting with search, but --MCDOWELL: Jackie?JACKIE DEANGELIS, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK FINANCIAL CORRESPONDENT: You know, it's interesting, as I think people on both sides of the aisle are going to agree with the fact that this is a good idea, and they've been calling for it for some time.But I also think it might be a little bit late, in the process, in the sense that Google has established itself as a first mover and the leader in this space. So, even if this plays out and anti-competitive practices are tamped down, you know, who is really going to start in this business and come forward and be able to be a leader at this point?MCDOWELL: Right. Even if you -- just really quickly, Ronica, even if you -- because you look across just their business lines and with Facebook, I would suspect that Facebook might face some of the same pressure, maybe not at a Justice Department anti-trust (INAUDIBLE) but where you could get them to spin off some of the businesses that they've acquired in recent years.It doesn't, with Google, remove the power that has in search and advertise, even if they got rid --ROSCHELLE: If you're 90 percent of search, you are still 90 percent of search.RONICA CLEARY, PRESIDENT, CLEARY STRATEGIES: Well, you know, we look at -- Microsoft was not split up, but the time when they were being investigated, took about a decade. It did hurt them because, you know, if you will, one of their (INAUDIBLE) they put it this way, said it airs the grievances of Google.And, right now, we live in a time where people are really happy to gang up on anything in Silicon Valley. And the fact that we've got Kevin McCarthy, saying that the investigation is warranted, and then, Elizabeth Warren, I mean, talk about unlikely bedfellows, both saying that this is a good to look into.But one thing to think about, though, and remember, everything is in the context of 2020, and suddenly, things like infrastructure and maybe exploring, you know, antitrust with Google, suddenly, it's not OK to be friends because everybody has to be opposed to each other on each side of the aisle, so maybe that will slow some of the happy friendship down.MCDOWELL: I don't think that -- I don't think that there had been any friendships at all. There had been no bipartisan friendships since President Trump was elected.CLEARY: Well, there is support from both sides to be anti-Silicon Valley. I think that's fair.MCDOWELL: No, but in terms of getting things done --CLEARY: Well, yes. That's fair.MCDOWELL: -- like infrastructure and coming together on legislative issues.ROSCHELLE: There's NAFTA.MCDOWELL: Yes, the NAFTA 2.0 that USMCA shoved in Nancy Pelosi's drawer somewhere. So, I just wanted to point out that the animosity is there because President Trump won.CLEARY: Right.ROSCHELLE: What's interesting, you mentioned Microsoft, is -- and that took 10 years and there were changes. But look what's happened right now. Right now, the P.C. business was all Microsoft, now you have a very relevant business with Apple.MCDOWELL: But with Microsoft, I'll point out that its strength was never diminished because of the installed base of its operating system --ROSCHELLE: Correct.MCDOWELL: -- and particularly, outlook.ROSCHELLE: Right.MCDOWELL: And the e-mail client that most corporations use, that that's why, again, it's still one of the strongest tech companies in the world.ROSCHELLE: No question.MCDOWELL: Right? The money just keeps rolling in. Coming up, trade tensions in focus, China and Mexico, now signaling a willingness to reach trade deals with the U.S. Plus, SoftBank's new challenges, the company struggling to raise money for its latest round of funding, the numbers, coming up.MCDOWELL: Let's take a look at Futures right now, an 82-point loss on the Dow Futures. This is coming off a rough month for stocks. Last month, all your major market gauges were sharply lower. The Dow, S&P and NASDAQ, off by nearly seven percent, eight percent for the NASDAQ. The Dow Transports, losing 10 percent of their value just in the month of May.And blame trade tensions, but good news on that front. China and Mexico, reportedly signaling they are now willing to talk with Washington, China, blaming the U.S. for the latest breakdown in negotiations with Beijing. Nevertheless, there was some good news, sort of, coming out from a government policy paper on trade, over the weekend, from China.Meantime, Mexico is sending a delegation to Washington after President Trump threatened tariffs on Mexican imports over immigration, Democratic presidential candidate, Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, criticizing the President during a FOX News Town Hall, last night.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND (D-NY), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I think this president has no plan and no ability to have a thoughtful approach towards trade, or the economy, because if he wanted to reduce the trade deficit, he's only grown it. He's harmed our farmers. He's harmed our manufacturers.If steel is your number one input, price of steel is way up here. You can't make the thing you make and sell it for a price people can afford. What this trade war now with Mexico, if he insists on these tariffs, it's going to come right back to the consumer. We are going to pay more money. It's not going to help our farmers.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCDOWELL: Joining us now, Federated Investors Chief Equity Market Strategist, Phil Orlando. She makes a point in terms of manufacturing, because manufacturing, this year, has becoming --looking pretty weak.The Journal story today, factories stalling on strong dollar and trade tensions, and then, tomorrow, we get the ISM report on manufacturing activity. What say you about the way the market has reacted to the trade tensions in May?PHILIP ORLANDO, CHIEF EQUITY MARKET STRATEGIST, FEDERATED INVESTORS: Well, I think the markets reacted exactly the way we expected it to. Remember, we're up 26 percent from that Christmas Eve bottom to the May Day record.We've pulled back, as you said, about seven percent of the month of May. That's the worst month we've seen last December, and the worst May, since May of 2012, so I think the market has responded well to the uncertainty of what's going on.Senator Gillibrand is completely wrong, though. She doesn't understand the math. The math is that we are running a $50 billion a month balance to trade deficit, $600 billion a year, in a $21-trillion economy. That's costing us three percentage points in GDP growth.Now, you look at China specifically, two-thirds of that global deficit, a little over $400 billion is related to China. What Trump is attempting to do, we believe, is engage the Chinese, narrow that deficit and potentially boost GDP growth.And I think that's the direction we are going until the Chinese -- I guess, it was early May, President Xi sent that middle of the night draft change, 150 pages, where the red-lined issues that we thought we had resolved over 11 bilateral negotiations over the course of the last year.So, I think it's interesting to say that it was the U.S. that blew this deal up. I think the Chinese have their fingerprints all over this too.MCDOWELL: Exactly. And in that government policy paper, adding communications over the weekend out of China, I will point this out. They were blaming the United States, America First program, for harming the global economy.But, throughout the document in a briefing, the Chinese government suggested a willingness, Mitch, to return to negotiations "we are willing to adopt a cooperative approach to find a solution." That's the vice commerce secretary who said that on Sunday, in Beijing.ROSCHELLE: Well, it certainly makes sense because look at the Chinese economy, Phil, right? (INAUDIBLE) some of that's them, and some of that some trade concerns, and their economy is just slowing. Their manufacturing numbers aren't what they had been. Their job creation isn't what they had been.So, is now the time to be doing this, when their economy is weak and our economy is strong? But the problem is, is this continues, our economy is going to slow down.ORLANDO: Well, I think, you're spot on. You look at the Chinese market last year, it was down 30 percent, the Shanghai Index. Their economic growth, the Chinese, they reported 6.6 percent. That was the weakest economic growth in 28 years.But we know they are lying about the growth numbers. They're only growing, really, at two to three percent. So, the Chinese need the deal. Now, we need the deal too, that the Trump --MCDOWELL: Yes. I was going to point out Morgan Stanley seized a recession within a year, if the trade negotiations, the tensions get worse. J.P. Morgan cut its year (INAUDIBLE) and 10-year yield to Target to one and three-quarter percent from 2.45 percent. So, there's a lot of, I mean, handwringing going on.ORLANDO: I think -- I think Morgan Stanley is making the heroic assumption that this thing does not get resolved and that it exacerbates from here. Our forecast for recession is early part of 2021, not 2018 or '19 or '20. And we do expect that there may be some resolution of this trade issue.Now, to your point, Mitch, this G20 meeting coming up on Osaka, Japan, at the end of June, we have every expectation that Xi and Trump might actually start to dialogue again. Now, if that doesn't happen, we may have to go back to the drawing board, but we'd like to see some progress made.We think that both sides are posturing. This is the way ugly negotiations look, and we are hoping that we are going to get some good news out of Japan.MCDOWELL: As your equity allocation, real quick, Phil, where is it based historically? Are you light equities?ORLANDO: No, no. We are overweight equities, but good point. Last week, we took that equity allocation down from an eight percent overweight to a five percent overweight, in part, because of a lot of the noise and uncertainties surrounding the trade situation.[02:45:00] So, we still think that the market will get back up to that 3,000 level by the end of the year. But we do expect that we could see a 26-50, another three or four percent lower before we start to move back higher.MCDOWELL: Yes, and a sell-off hike, we have seen a lower that equity allocation all on its own.ORLANDO: Absolutely.MCDOWELL: Right. Phil, thank you so much.ORLANDO: Thanks for having me.MCDOWELL: Good to see you, Phil Orlando. Breaking news, President Trump in the United Kingdom in London for a historic state visit. The very latest as the president and first lady head to Buckingham Palace. A lot of pomp and pageantry that we will show you.And crisis at the border here at home. Detention center is said to be dangerously overcrowded. President Trump, looking to curb immigration with tariffs, new tariffs on Mexico. Stay with us.MCDOWELL: Welcome back. I'm Dagen McDowell, in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Monday, June 3rd. Your top stories at 6:30 a.m. Eastern. "BREAKING NEWS", President Trump arriving in London today, kicking off his state visit to the United Kingdom.In the next half hour or so, he will be leaving the ambassador -- U.S. ambassador's residence, head for Buckingham Palace. He will be having lunch with the queen herself. There's going to be much pomp and pageantry beforehand with the -- basically, the guards there at Buckingham Palace. It will be something to see and we will take you there live.Meantime, fresh trade uncertainty. A new report, says that China and Mexico are open to negotiating but the concerns about a recession arising. Investors on edge. Futures are pointing to a lower open to start the month -- the month of June. 89 point loss on the Dow futures at the moment.We're off the lows of the morning, but this after the markets closed out the month of May deep in the red. The Dow and S&P 500 sliding more than 6- 1/2 percent. It was a much worse month for the Nasdaq. The Nasdaq shedding almost 8 percent in the month of May.In Europe, declines across the board to report this morning. We have a loss -- losses in England, France, and Germany as well, although slight. In Asia overnight, markets mostly lower as well. The sole gainer there, the KOSPI in South Korea up about one 1-1/4 percent.Capitalism versus socialism on the campaign trail. Democratic candidates speaking out on both sides of the debate there. But, you come out against socialism nowadays if you're a Democrat and you get booed.Plus, the future of health care in America. Bringing televisions most iconic rooms into your home. IKEA's new design offerings that is straight ahead.Meantime, President Trump touching down in Britain this morning for a three-day state visit. In about a half an hour, he will be departing the U.S. ambassador's residence in the Regent's Park for Buckingham Palace to meet with Queen Elizabeth. The Prince of Wales, Prince Charles will be there as well. And there is a report that maybe even Prince Harry will be at the lunch there without his wife, Meghan Markle, who's been critical in the past of President Trump.So, they're trying to avoid the optics or uncomfortable situation there at Buckingham Palace. Jackie, what do you say, what do you watching for?DEANGELIS: You know it's interesting because I'm not really sure that much is coming out of this visit per se with Theresa May's exit on Friday. I -- you know, I don't really see how far talks and conversations could go. I'm guessing it was on the books and it was something that they decided not to cancel. It's always good to try to foster relations with the U.K. But, I don't really know. I'm not expecting much.CLEARY: I'm looking forward to the joint press conference though with Theresa May on her way out. Maybe something interesting will come out of that. And boy, did Meghan Markle time that baby, right? Because she certainly avoided opportunity for some international spectacle there.MCDOWELL: Well, but there's also strain within that family between Prince and Prince William, and Kate, his wife the Duchess. Mitch, what are you watching for with this visit?MITCH ROSCHELLE, PARTNER, PWC CHARITABLE FOUNDATION: It would -- it would be great if we could do a trade deal with the U.K. because they are closest ally and we're all unfortunately because the Brexit uncertainty we can't.So, from a policy perspective, I don't think there is much. But I think it does reaffirm the strength of the relationship between the United States and the U.K. And I think right now that's very important with some of the tensions around the world.MCDOWELL: So, I want to point out that what we will be seeing in the next half hour or so, particularly, in the 7:00 hour East Coast time, it will be a full ceremonial welcome for the president of the United States and his wife the First Lady Melania Trump, with the Prince of Wales, the queen, of course, joined by the Prince of Wales Charles, and his wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, Camilla.A ceremonial welcome in the Buckingham Palace garden. The president accompanied by the Prince of Wales is going to inspect the guard of honor formed of the Nijmegen Company Grenadier Guards, these are the famous guards at Buckingham Palace. That when you go to watch the changing of the guard those are the guards that you are watching. But it is going to be pageantry at its best, and then there's a state dinner. There are a lot of things going on today.There's the lunch with the queen, there is also a trip to Westminster with the Duke of York Prince Andrew and then there's going to be a full state dinner this evening, which will be something to see if you're in attendance.Turning to the United States and our crisis at our southern border. President Trump speaking about it before heading to London.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: We want people to come into our country but they have to come in legally. We have a list of people, literally millions of people applying for membership for citizenship to our great country. These people walk in, nobody knows who they are, they don't know the problems. We have a lot of crime that's able to walk in.Our Border Patrol has apprehended record numbers of people they're doing an incredible job. We're starting as you know the process, we're getting them out. So, they may think they get in because the laws are no good, but they're getting out. And for that, the laws are very good.MCDOWELL: This is overcrowding as reportedly, a major issue in an immigration center -- the immigration center in El Paso, Texas. Joining me now, former acting director of U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, Tom Homan.Tom, good to see you. Do you think that this tariff threat against Mexico does any good at trying to lessen the crisis at our border?TOM HOMAN, FORMER ACTING DIRECTOR, UNITED STATES IMMIGRATIONS AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT: I think it will. Once again, the president's take it upon himself to do what he can to secure the border. I heard -- you know, prior to this interview, heard Senator Gillibrand take about the trade agreement in the tariffs.And she could be -- you know, she's so wrong on this issue because he wouldn't have to do this if she would have done her job as a congressman and senator to close the loopholes that are causing this surge at the border.So, she failed American people, and because she has failed American people along with most of the other 2020 Democratic presidential nominees. The president had to take action. Congress is helping them, the courts aren't helping them. So, he's got to do -- he's got to do secure the station, protect the American people.ROSCHELLE: Tom good, morning. Mitch Roschelle. One of the things that's not getting as much press as the humanitarian issues at the border is the commercial issues of the border where trucks can't get across the border because the customs agents are diverted dealing with the people issues. Is that still as big of a problem as it had been?HOMAN: Yes, there's a lot -- a lot of customs inspectors have been detailed away from the port of entry to deal with this crisis, the families and the children. And that's causing the slowdown in legal trade. And it's not only that, it's cost into slow down illegal immigration. Because people around the country -- around the world who really are escaping fear and persecution. It look like from countries in Africa and South America, they're being held up by -- you know, all this massive amnesty fraud, amnesty asylum fraud going on. Nine out of 10 people in the Central America will claim asylum at the border, do not get relief in the immigration courts because they present fraudulent claims.So, that's even some of the legal immigration process for people who really do need our protection.CLEARY: Tom, this is Ronica Cleary here. One of the things the president has been saying is that to introduce these tariffs it's because Mexico is not doing anything to -- in their part of the deal when it comes to stopping illegal immigration at the border. And we know that people coming across the border are not all from Mexico. So, that you would argue there's also should be an incentive along Mexico's borders to stop people from entering their country illegally.So, what other ways can we incentivize Mexico other than this threat of a tariff which does have people concerned about the impact on the United States? What other tools does the president have if you will to incentivize Mexico to do their part?HOMAN: Well, I think tariffs are huge. I mean, the Mexican economy needs us more than we need them. First of all, that's going -- that's going to hit him right there in a pocketbook. But what -- all that's we can do, we can actually look at remittance payments.Billions of dollars a year are sent from illegal aliens from Mexico, therein the United States back into Mexico. This is the money it leaves our economy. We don't --(CROSSTALK)MCDOWELL: But, Tom, I want to stop you. If Mexico goes into a recession, is economy contracted in the first quarter that deprives that nation of resources to keep immigrants out of the United States. Whether its Central American migrants are even people in Mexico who will try to flee Mexico because the economy stinks and try to cross our border.And, by the way, Mexico has done some things. They deported more Central American migrants in a period last year than the United States did.HOMAN: Look, that's a dog and pony show. You're talking about hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens enter the country of Mexico. And they remove a few thousand. It's never a sustained operation, it's only for a temporary period of time to try to show the United States is doing something.Look, trafficking on women and children in Mexico is a crime. It's a crime in Mexico. But what have they done to address the criminal cartels out of orchestrating this whole thing?MCDOWELL: Right.HOMAN: 31 percent of women being raped, children are dying, but Mexico and the cartels are operating with impunity. Look, just the other day, they got hundreds of people sitting on the train called the Beast. That would be easy to stop. Stop the train, take those hundreds of aliens off the train and set himself.MCDOWELL: Right.HOMAN: Mexico also issues transit visas to people entering the country legally, which makes it legal for them to transit through the country. They can stop issuing visas.MCDOWELL: But -- and I -- we can end it on this aisle. We will agree on the fact that the people in Congress that could have changed our immigration laws and tried to make sense of this patchwork that we're dealing with it is encouraging people to come in here asylum seekers, encouraging people to carry children who aren't their own across our border. They've done nothing to fix it. So, we agree on that Mr. Homan.HOMAN: Absolutely, absolutely.MCDOWELL: Thank you. Thank you for being here, Tom Homan, take care.President Trump just tweeting about CNN. Writing, "Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while, I turned it off. All negative and so much fake news, very bad for U.S. big ratings drop. Why doesn't owner at AT&T do something?"So, he's tweeting about CNN. He's upset about the coverage that he has to -- is forced to watch overseas. Coming up, capitalism versus socialism on the campaign trail. Democratic candidates speaking out on both sides of the debate. And on the future of healthcare in America that's straight ahead.MCDOWELL: Softbank facing challenges in raising money for a new 100 billion-dollar fund. Cheryl Casone has more. Hey, Cheryl.CASONE: Yes. Hey, Dagen, good morning again. Well, SoftBank is getting a chilly reception from some big money managers for its second fund for tech start-ups. This, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal, sources say several investors plan to make limited or no contributions at all. The journal writing many of the big funds don't want to pay fees for a piece of the action, while others are concerned about the vision fund -- lack of transparency. Shares of SoftBank, 140 percent so far this year.Flower delivery company, FTD, filing for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy protection. The company that was founded in 1910, has agreed to (INAUDIBLE) as it works to pay down its debt. FTD has been struggling with the competition.And there is this. The New Jersey home that was made famous by "The Sopranos", it's up for sale. It's located at North Caldwell. Part of the series is mob boss, Tony Soprano and the family. New York Times says the home's starting price 3.4 million.Then there is this life-imitating. IKEA, the home furnishing company, letting you re-create your favorite famous sitcom living room picture -- like "The Simpsons" for instance, or "Stranger Things" -- we're showing you that on your screen. They're at the side-by-sides. There's "The Simpsons" living room. You can buy things like "The Simpsons" sofa on the IKEA Web site. I know you're just going to sign up for it right now, Dagen. And those are your headlines.MCDOWELL: Assembling a sofa.CASONE: From "The Simpsons".MCDOWELL: That little weird, Swedish --(CROSSTALK)MCDOWELL: Thank you so much, Cheryl. Just really quickly before we move on. There are some headlines coming out of Britain about the meeting, which is tomorrow, between President Trump and Prime Minister Theresa May, who is exiting that job at the end of the week. It's a business breakfast meeting that May's spokesman says that you can't expect Teresa May to raise economic partnership and trade issues with the -- our president. The prime minister and President Trump has repeatedly expressed shared desire for a trade deal. There will be substantial bilateral discussion between the prime minister and our president during his visit. We'll have more on that coming up.Plus, the president and the first lady's visit to Buckingham Palace with all its pomp and pageantry.And also, but up here first, 2020 vision. Democrats speaking out on big issues like capitalism versus social and the future of health care. That is next. Stay with us.MCDOWELL: President Trump tweeting again from Britain this morning: "I believe that if people stopped using or subscribing to AT&T, they would be forced to make big changes at CNN, which is dying in the rating anyway. It is so unfair with such bad fake news. Why wouldn't they act when the world watches CNN and gets a false picture of USA. Sad!" Meantime, the president and the first lady will be making their way via Marine One, from the U.S. ambassador's resident, Winfield House in London to Buckingham Palace. There is a shot of -- we'll, that's a shot of Air Force One, but they will be taking the presidential helicopter to Buckingham Palace for an arrival, probably 7:00-10:00 a.m. Eastern Time ahead of a ceremony at Buckingham Palace and then lunch with the Queen, the Prince of Wales, his wife and also -- maybe Prince Harry will be at that lunch.Meantime, Capitalism versus Socialism on the campaign trail. Former Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper and John Delaney booed by the crowd at a California Democratic Party Convention for denouncing Socialism, and Medicare for all. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHN HICKENLOOPER, FORMER COLORADO GOVERNOR: If we want to beat Donald Trump and achieve big, progressive goals, Socialism is not the answer. I was re-elected.JOHN DELANEY, FORMER DEMOCRATIC REPRESENTATIVE: Medicare for All may sound good, but it's actually not good policy nor is it good politics. I'm telling you. I'm telling you --(END VIDEO CLIP)MCDOWELL: Joining me now Washington Examiner Commentary Writer, Tiana Lowe. Tiana, good to see you this morning. What do you make of that? I think Alexandra Ocasio Cortez who isn't running for the Democratic nomination, she has something to say about coming out against Medicare for all. I think she said that -- the tweet was "sashay away." She is a congressman. There you go: "Since there are some of people running for president and not enough for Senate. Instead of obsessing over who is a front runner, maybe we can start some general elections. As awful (INAUDIBLE) booed for a full minute. John Delaney, thank you but please sashay-away." She's very full of herself, isn't she, Tiana?TIANA LOWE, COMMENTARY WRITER, WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Yes, she is. I mean, the only accurate thing about that tweet is that Democrats don't have enough people running for Senate. Because no one really wants to go up against McConnell right now. It's not good policy, and it's not good politics. If you pull Medicare for All, nationally, including that the stipulation that it means that you must eliminate private health insurance -- which you must effectively. And that there will increase waiting times.The overwhelming majority the country opposes is some of the Kaiser Family fund pulled people and found that only three in ten Americans still support it when you know it. And you know, AOC and her ilk, they never are willing to make that material concessions about what Medicare for All really entail. We're 4.4 percent of the world's population, but we produce the majority of the world's medical patents. Where does that go without profit motivated system? That's a massive vacuum. But then we have to what, give it up to China? We'd have to rely on Chinese R&D? Good luck with that.MCDOWELL: Tiana Lowe, more time next time, I promise. But these Democrats are literally clapping for -- kicking 150 million people on their health insurance. Watch how that plays in 2020. Thank you so much Tiana. Still ahead, President Trump on his way to Buckingham Palace. We will bring you more next hour on MORNINGS WITH MARIA.Load-Date: June 3, 2019End of Document

BLINDFOLD BIG BROTHER: WE NEED A GLOBAL RIGHT TO PRIVACY IN PUBLIC SPACESStates News ServiceJune 16, 2019 SundayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 918 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: NEW YORK, N.Y. BodyThe following information was released by Human Rights Watch:Kenneth RothDoes privacy depend on secrecy? The question seems obvious until you think about it. Yes, much of the privacy we value takes place away from prying eyes, but not all of it. We also depend on a degree of privacy even in public. But increasingly invasive digital surveillance combined with artificial intelligence has put that "public" privacy in jeopardy.I live in New York City. When I walk the streets of Manhattan, anyone could follow me and watch what I am doing. But in-person surveillance is time-consuming and expensive. As a former federal prosecutor, I used to oversee such surveillance. It involved teams of agents, rotated to avoid detection, with sometimes round-the-clock shifts. A government could amass such resources for only the gravest threats.Most people know that when it comes to their daily lives, no one will bother. It's just not worth it. So when we see people or visit places that we'd like to keep private, we know for the most part we can.But that is changing. Most of us keep our mobile phones with us, and they provide a real-time digital record of our movements that the phone or internet company can access. Even if we leave our phone at home, ubiquitous and cheap video cameras increasingly track our movements. As facial-recognition software gains sophistication, the government will be able to follow us anyway.Artificial intelligence, in turn, has magnified the scale and invasiveness of public surveillance. Facial recognition software empowered by it enables governments and potentially others to identify us with increasing accuracy as we walk the streets. We can then be matched to such personal records as our immigration status, voter registration, financial information and social media posts.The modern ability to store large quantities of data means that these tools can be used to track us not only prospectively but also retroactively, recreating our past in a way that surveillance agents could never do. And unlike our fingerprints, facial-recognition technology can tell governments or companies not only whether we have been at a particular crime scene but also, potentially, many other places we have been. As police departments succumb to the inevitable temptation to intrude more, an all-knowing Big Brother looms. Fear of this possibility, and the dangers of mistaken identification, were behind San Francisco's recent decision to bar police and other city agencies from using this technology.In the United States, the Supreme Court has started to recognize the danger of public surveillance. In Carpenter v. United States (2018), the court held that "an individual maintains a legitimate expectation of privacy in the record of his physical movements as captured through" monitoring of a cellphone's location. Like other privacy rights, this right is conditional. If the government suspects wrongdoing, it can always seek judicial approval to monitor a particular person after demonstrating reasonable grounds to believe that he or she has committed or is planning a crime. But absent a judicial order, the government should not be allowed to produce a database of our movements.China's deployment of surveillance tools illustrates why we need a global right to privacy in public places. Surveillance cameras blanket the country, equipped with not only facial recognition capabilities but also the ability to recognize objects and license plates. Chinese police aspire to match that surveillance information with biometric data that they collect widely, including DNA and voice samples. The aim of this big-data analysis is to identify people deemed politically suspiciousa good illustration of how the right to privacy also implicates the right to freedom of expression. This dystopia is enabled by a complete lack of legal protections against state surveillance in China, not to mention the absence of an independent judiciary to enforce them or a free media to expose breaches.May 1, 2019 VideoChina's Mass Surveillance Phone App"Our research shows, for the first time, that Xinjiang police are using illegally gathered information about people's completely lawful behavior and using it against them."These technologies are most visible in China's repression of Turkic Muslims in the Xinjiang region of western China, where the government is detaining an estimated 1 million and subjecting them to forced indoctrination. Human Rights Watch has exposed police use of a big-data system to monitor the region's 22 million residents, selecting people for interrogation based on criteria such as whether they use "suspicious network tools" like WhatsApp or "too much" electricity.To make matters worse, the Chinese government is actively researching ways to use personal data for social control and behavioral engineering, including a "social credit system" that would reward and punish people based on what authorities consider good and bad behavior.The Chinese government is not alone. Companies based in Israel, Germany, Italy, and Britain are developing these technologies and selling them to governments that use them to monitor and repress their citizens. Stronger global controls on the export and sale of these tools are urgently needed. More fundamentally, we must establish a clear right to privacy in public.Kenneth Roth is executive director of Human Rights Watch. Before that, Roth was a federal prosecutor in New York and for the Iran-Contra investigation in Washington.Load-Date: June 16, 2019End of Document

REPORT: PHILIPPINE FOREIGN OFFICE WARNED OF USING CHINESE TECH GIANT HUAWEIStates News ServiceApril 30, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 702 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:The Philippine foreign ministry on Tuesday said it was "disturbed" that a news website published a "confidential" document warning other state agencies of espionage risks in partnering with Chinese telecoms giant Huawei.The warning comes a month after U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, during a visit in Manila, cautioned the Philippines against deploying Huawei technology, especially in matters involving sensitive information.The Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) said in a statement that the online news site Rappler had published a report claiming that it had obtained an internal DFA memorandum supposedly warning other agencies, including the National Security Council, of cyber-security concerns and steps taken by the Czech Republic and France to limit the use of Huawei products."This is regrettable as the published document clearly bears no such warning by the Department. More than anything, the Department is disturbed that a confidential document has been published, and it calls on relevant agencies to investigate the matter," it said.The brief statement, however, has raised more questions than answers. But department spokesmen refused to answer when asked if the carefully worded statement was a confirmation that the Philippines has been using technology from the Chinese firm.Rappler reported that the foreign ministry memo on Jan. 25 said that the Czech Republic had banned the use of Huawei and devices made by ZTE, another Chinese tech company, "due to possible cyber-security threats."According to the memo, the Philippine Embassy in Paris also reported in January that France supposedly had implemented operator restrictions on Huawei amid "concerns that China could spy on countries where it has a network presence."The Philippines has recently entered into an agreement with state-owned China International Telecommunication Construction Corporation for the "Safe Philippines" emergency response and monitoring system project, where Huawei will provide about 12,000 closed-circuit TV cameras.In a visit to the Philippines last month, Pompeo claimed the tech giant Huawei was not operating on a level playing field and countries such as the Philippines were risking their security if they wholly embraced the Chinese firm.Pompeo warned that any deals with Huawei, which makes 5G technology, risk handing over data to the Chinese government."Similarly, American companies are best partners in the priority areas of infrastructure, development and the digital economy because they operate with the highest standards of transparency and adherence to the rule of law," Pompeo had said. "The same cannot be said of Chinese state-run or state-backed enterprises."He singled out Huawei, and warned that it would make it more difficult for Washington to partner with Manila if its longtime defense ally readily agreed to the use of Huawei Technologies' apparatus.Pompeo said that the United States wants "to make sure that the world has their eyes wide open as to the risk of having that technology be part of the infrastructure, or backbone, or networks that are transiting communications inside of the country."Jiri Ovcacek, spokesman for Czech President Milos Zeman, who visited Beijing last week for China's One Belt, One Road infrastructure forum, told Chinese media that the West's "campaign against Huawei was not based on evidence," according to the South China Morning Post.Huawei's technology was not being used for espionage, Ovcacek said after a meeting between Zeman and Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei on Saturday.Police to probe 'espionage' claimsNational police chief Gen. Oscar Albayalde on Tuesday told reporters that law-enforcement investigators would look into allegations that Huawei was reportedly engaged in espionage for the Chinese government.Albayalde made the statement after local media questioned his police agency's decision to choose Huawei as a sponsor of last month's 6th National Anti-Cybercrime Summit in Manila."This was made without irregularity. We did not favor the company just because it's Huawei," Albayalde said. "We followed the bidding law here and they won because they did win the bidding."Load-Date: April 30, 2019End of Document

The Game of Thrones finale didn't air in China. Some fans are blaming the trade warCNN WireMay 20, 2019 Monday 11:02 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 557 wordsByline: By Steven Jiang, CNNDateline: BEIJING (CNN Business) BodyBEIJING (CNN Business) --  The burning question for millions of "Game of Thrones" fans in China on Monday: Is the US-China trade war now being fought in the battlefields of Westeros?Tencent, the Chinese internet juggernaut whose video platform owns the streaming rights to the HBO series in the country, shocked viewers Monday morning when it announced a delay in posting the American show's eagerly anticipated finale "due to a media transmission problem."The brief statement didn't give a new air date, and the company declined to provide further detail. HBO, which like CNN is owned by WarnerMedia, said in a statement that it "had no issue with content delivery.""You would have to get further clarification from Tencent," HBO added.Like "Thrones" enthusiasts elsewhere, Chinese fans religiously follow each episode and discuss plot twists in real time on social media. On Monday, their frustration and dismay abounded online, with many wondering aloud the connection between the escalating trade war and the missing last episode."What's next --- cutting off internet connections between China and the US?" wrote one user on Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter.Many users also slammed Tencent for the delay, demanding the company refund their subscription fees."Shame, shame, shame," some users posted a famous line from the show --- along with bell emojis --- on Weibo.The yearlong trade war between China and the United States has escalated in recent weeks, with President Donald Trump raising tariffs on Chinese goods worth $200 billion earlier this month. China has retaliated with plans for higher tariffs on about $60 billion worth of US products.The sudden rise in tensions has led to an apparent rise in anti-US propaganda in Chinese state media.One harshly worded editorial in the ruling Communist Party's mouthpiece last week called for a "people's war" against the United States, prompting analysts to predict the trade war's fallout spilling over into other areas --- including entertainment.On Sunday, a new Chinese TV drama series largely shot in the United States with American cast members appeared to become the first high-profile victim of new battle lines drawn by Beijing authorities.State media reported that TV stations and streaming platforms in China abruptly canceled the premiere of "Over the Sea I Come to You," which centers on a Chinese father sending his only child to study in America. Other Chinese productions with US links are said to be facing similar issues.The movie channel of state-run broadcaster CCTV has recently scrapped scheduled programming in favor of so-called "red classics" set during the Korean War, featuring the resounding defeat of American invaders at the hands of heroic Chinese soldiers."We are using the art form of film to echo the current time," the channel wrote on its official Weibo page.The Chinese government has targeted the entertainment industry in the past when relations with another country deteriorated. A little over two years ago, China imposed an unofficial ban on wildly popular South Korean shows and artists when Beijing was infuriated by Seoul's decision to deploy an advanced US missile defense system, which the Chinese government insisted was a threat to its national security.TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.NotesUpdates 7a ET: Adds comment from HBOLoad-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

CHINA BARS AUSTRALIAN COAL IN POLITICAL RIFTStates News ServiceApril 29, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 842 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:by Michael LelyveldAfter months of concern over China's curbs on coal from Australia, signs are growing that the imports have fallen victim to political disputes.Speculation over China's motives has been rising since November, when reports first surfaced that Chinese ports had stopped clearing inbound coal shipments until the end of 2018 due to high inventories built up ahead of winter.While China is the world's top producer and consumer of coal, it is also the biggest buyer with imports of 281.5 million metric tons last year, according to customs figures.But the import restrictions in November have extended well into 2019, focusing heavily on Australia.In early February, The Australian daily reported that customs clearance times for the country's exports of coking coal had doubled to 40 days at key Chinese ports. The paper cited speculation over "Sino-Australian relations" as a reason for the slowdown.The Australian pointed to the government's decision last August to ban Chinese telecom companies Huawei Technologies and ZTE Corp. from participating in the country's 5G network development due to cybersecurity concerns.Other issues included Australia's decision in November to block a bid by Hong Kong-based CK Asset Holdings Ltd. for the gas pipeline business of the country's APA Group on "national interest" grounds.Later in February, Reuters reported that Chinese traders had stopped ordering Australian coal because of long wait times for customs clearance at Chinese ports.The report indicated that only Australian shipments had been targeted for lengthy inspections at five import facilities controlled by the Dalian Port Group in northeastern China's Liaoning province."The traders and a broker said only cargoes from Australia, the biggest supplier of the fuel to the world's top consumer, were affected," Reuters said. The report noted that the ban applied to thermal coal used in power plants and industry, as well as coking coal for steel manufacturing.Reuters also cited differences with China over hacking allegations and freedom of navigation in the South China Sea.In January, Australian Defense Minister Christopher Pyne backed an increase in Japan's defense spending and voiced support for more operations within disputed South China Sea boundaries, Australia's ABC News reported at the time.In March, Chinese sources told The Australian that a second statement on the South China Sea issue during Pyne's January visit to Singapore had angered Beijing and led to the coal crackdown.As implications mounted and the Australian dollar came under pressure, Prime Minister Scott Morrison urged caution "about leaping to conclusions," AFP News reported. The government sought an "urgent" clarification from Beijing, the BBC said.Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Geng Shuang said China was conducting a "risk monitoring analysis ... to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of Chinese importers and to protect the environment."When asked whether Australian coal had been singled out, Geng simply repeated the statement, The Australian reported.'Using coal as a weapon'Australian suppliers argued against concluding that their exports had been targeted, but analysts saw a political message in China's curbs."The banning of those coal shipments is a form of coercion against Australia. It's punishment against states that resist China's pressure," said Dr. Malcolm Davis, senior analyst at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, according to the BBC."China is using coal as a weapon to fight back against Australia," an unnamed commodity analyst told The Australian Financial Review.On April 15, the business daily reported that fears of port delays had caused Chinese buyers to switch from Australian sources to other suppliers.In interviews, Chinese traders and customers agreed that Australian coal has been subjected to tougher environmental checks than exports from Indonesia, Russia, or Mongolia."China doesn't need to introduce a formal ban," the paper quoted one source as saying. "The real risk is that customers will just stop buying it because they think shipments won't get through."On April 12, The Sydney Morning Herald reported comments by a Chinese industry official that seemed to strip away any ambiguity over motivations behind the coal ban."You can't earn Chinese money and then politically make irresponsible comments about China and become unfriendly," said Cui Pijiang, director of the China Coking Industry Association, speaking at a conference in Beijing."I'm afraid ... this is something the Chinese government can't tolerate," Cui said.Although Chinese traders were unable to say which of the disagreements with Australia had prompted China's restrictions, they voiced support for retaliation on imports."The ban on Australian coal has created a lot of disturbance for coal traders, coal users, and related industries. But it is more important for China to give Australia a good lesson," one trader told The Financial Review.Load-Date: April 29, 2019End of Document

Global hacking of telecom operators shows links to ChinaCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 25, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 533 wordsBodyCyber attackers, apparently linked to the Chinese government, infiltrated at least 10 global telecom operators over several years and stole customer data, according to a Boston-based research firm.There is a "high degree of certainty" that a team acting on behalf of China participated and attempted to extract data from communications relatedto specific individuals, Cybereason revealed in a report on June 25. The security breach involved tools and techniques that match those used by a group identified as APT10, read in the report.In at least one case, the attackers gained access over the past seven years, intensified insertion and eventually entered all levels, Said Lior Div, Cybereason's CHIEF Executive Officer, in a telephone interview."They got to a point where they could manage the infrastructure as if it were theirs," he said. "They created a shadow IT department and could do whatever they wanted in the data environment."The alleged attack, codenamed Operation Soft Cell, occurs as the U.S. blacklists major Chinese technology companies based on suspicions that they help their government spy.Cybersecurity researchers accused hackers of being affiliated with Beijing in the past and Cybereason's report released Tuesday showed similarities to previous attacks by APT10, a unit that, according to the firm's report, operated on behalf of a Chinese government ministry.Div refused to identify specific companies and said Cybereason cares about people's lives, both those spied on by hackers and the general public. He said the company, founded by former members of Israel's military intelligence corps, "contacted the intelligence community," though it refused to describe reactions.45 companiesIn December, U.S. prosecutors accused two hackers of conspiring with the Chinese government to infiltrate 45 U.S. government companies and agencies, as well as companies in a dozen countries.Geng Shuang, a spokesman for China's Foreign Ministry, said Tuesday that he had not seen the Cybereason investigation. "China strongly opposes cyberattacks in any way," he said at a scheduled press conference in Beijing. He added that his country did not allow such activities on Chinese territory.This week, the Trump administration extended its campaign against China by blacklisting five entities considered key to the nation's effort to build the world's fastest computers. Washington expressed concern about national security issues as their computers were developed for military use or in cooperation with the Chinese military.Cybereason's Div said his firm contacted 12 telecom companies regarding the attacks and discussed the details of the vulnerability. The initial attack focused on a country and then expanded, Div said, without specifying which.Phone operators can intervene to drive out hackers within a month, but attackers will find new ways to get in, he said. To keep networks safe, operators should go from passive to proactive, he said."We've watched this over the past year," Div said.Cyberattacks "not only happened but have not only stopped them. They're still ongoing."The Global Hackeo ticket to telecom operators shows links with China was first published in The Third.Load-Date: June 25, 2019End of Document

The Achilles heel of the latest technologyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 31, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 914 wordsBody Despite all of China's efforts to become a high-tech global force that would rival the United States, in essence it has failed to produce top-notch contenders in one crucial area: the industry that gave Silicon Valley its name.  Last year, China imported more than $ 300,000 million in computer chips, the backbone of all digital products. It was a greater expense than it did in crude oil from abroad.  Now, Washington has managed to get China's dependence on US microchips to play against Huawei, the Chinese telecommunications giant that the Trump government has called a threat to national security. Recently, the Commerce Department restricted the sale of components and technology from American firms to the company: in essence, it takes Huawei away from Google software, Qualcomm chips and more.  A few days ago the Department said it was going to allow Huawei to continue doing business with US suppliers for 90 days to avoid a disruption in the mobile networks that use the company's equipment. However, the Washington maneuver is still a blow to a weak point that has been a burden on the shoulders of China's leaders for decades.  Desperate to reduce dependence on imports, Chinese authorities have pledged tens of billions of dollars to help promote local production of competitive chips. The country's dreams of achieving hegemony in the semiconductor industry have exacerbated trade tensions with the United States, as the Americans consider that the Chinese government gives unfair support to local firms and they want Beijing to reduce this support.  Washington has found enough reasons to directly punish one of the state-supported chip makers, Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Co. After Micron Technology, a US rival, blamed the Chinese company for stealing chip designs, the The Department of Commerce blocked it to stop buying US components.  At best, China's desire for the chips has yielded varied fruits. The market share of Chinese firms remains modest in most areas of semiconductor production. They still have to import almost all the most complex chips. Within the companies backed by the Chinese state, there are several manufacturers of memory chips (where data is stored) that have announced large production plans. However, the global market for such chips is saturated, a sign of gloomy expectations to generate profits.  In general, government support has helped Chinese industry, said Gu Wenjun, chief analyst at ICwise, a Shanghai-based semiconductor research firm.  "But now that the market has overheated and become fickle, the negative effects are becoming more evident," Gu said.  In China, local governments "do not understand the industry," Gu said. They simply exhaust the resources that private companies know how to spend more effectively, he added.  Fireproof  China's role as the world's leading assembler of electronic devices, and its huge consumer electronics market, have convinced some observers that, with enough time, it will be inevitable that the country will attract or house the knowledge to produce advanced chips. The hypothesis is the following: if China could catch up on the manufacture of toys and then on the production of cell phones, why could not it be achieved with semiconductors someday?  For now, survive without the chipsAmericans promise to be the litmus test for Huawei, despite the big steps the company had just taken in the development of its own processors.  In an interview he gave to Chinese media, Huawei founder and CEO Ren Zhengfei said that in "peacetime" half of Huawei's chips came from US companies, and the other half were developed by the same firm. . Huawei has accumulated chips for emergencies like this, said Ren.  However, the company could never completely reject US technology. Even Ren's own relatives used iPhone phones, he said.  "We will not get rid of American chips in a reckless way," Ren said. "We must grow together."  By opening a mobile phone or a Huawei cellular land station, you can see to what extent advanced technology is truly a globalized effort, although Beijing and Washington have ended up distrusting each other's technology suppliers.  Surviving without the American chips promises to be the test of fire for Huawei.  For example, in Huawei's new flagship phone, the P30 Pro, there are a number of key components that were supplied by US firms, including parts that process the radio signals that carry calls and data over the air, according to an analysis by System Plus Consulting, a research firm based in France.  The memory chips of the P30 Pro are from Micron and from Toshiba, the Japanese company. The technology of the camera is from Sony of Japan. The processor, the brain of the phone, was developed by Huawei.  Huawei's semiconductor division, HiSilicon, has surprised industry observers with the progress it has made in the development of processors and baseband chips, which connect phones to data networks. However, the restrictions of the Department of Commerce could even affect HiSilicon. Many of the main software providers for the design of the chips are American.  For other types of components, Huawei will not have as much trouble finding substitutes that do not come from the United States, in case it is completely isolated from US suppliers. For example, Micron is one of the leading providers of memory chips in the world, but so are Samsung and SK Hynix of South Korea.  Copyright Grupo de Diarios America - GDA / La Nacion / Costa Rica Load-Date: May 31, 2019End of Document

Scientists with ties to China ousted from US cancer center amid fears of foreign influenceCNN.comApril 22, 2019 Monday 4:10 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: HEALTHLength: 1227 wordsByline: By Michael Nedelman, CNNBodyA leading cancer research center in Houston, Texas has taken action against a handful of faculty members for sharing confidential information and failing to disclose foreign ties, according to statements from the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center.According to documents and statements reviewed by CNN, five scientists at the institution were flagged by the US National Institutes of Health -- which funds biomedical research across the country -- "regarding a variety of threats, including data security and intellectual property loss," according to a statement by the cancer center.Internal investigations revealed a number of infractions of ethics policies and, in a few cases, possible grounds for criminal prosecution, according to compliance reports summarizing the probes carried out by officials within MD Anderson and the University of Texas system. The reports described cases of sharing confidential information surrounding research grants, as well as foreign interests, collaborators and payments the scientists had not disclosed. In many cases this was traced back to Chinese institutions. MD Anderson said the breaches did not include patient information.The cancer center has moved to terminate three of the scientists, two of whom resigned before that process could run its course. For the third, those proceedings are ongoing, according to an e-mailed statement from the cancer center's president, Dr. Peter W.T. Pisters.Of the other two researchers who were flagged, one investigation "indicated non-compliance yet did not meet a threshold to begin the termination process," Pisters said. The other investigation is still in progress.Issue broad in scopeThe NIH told CNN in an email that, while MD Anderson took immediate action, the issue is broader in scope: The agency has contacted 55 institutions with concerns about foreign influence as of April 11. Each of these institutions has at least one scientist identified in the concerns. However, the NIH is not commenting on specific cases."These incidents are not unique to MD Anderson," the agency said in a statement, "and we remind universities to look closely at their organizations to mitigate unscrupulous practices by foreign entities."The investigation at MD Anderson has been brewing for some time. According to Pisters, the FBI formally notified the institution of a "national security investigation" back in 2015.The FBI declined to comment. The investigations were first reported by the Houston Chronicle in collaboration with Science Magazine.'Foreign influence'Officials worry overseas influence could sway funding decisions and redirect American intellectual property into foreign hands.In August 2018, NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins sent a letter to more than 10,000 research institutions which had received or applied for NIH funding, warning that "some foreign entities have mounted systematic programs to influence NIH researchers."Days later, MD Anderson received a notice from the agency about one of its researchers. Others would follow."We are deeply concerned about the evidence, which has been growing over the course of more than a year, that there are egregious instances where our funding of grants in this country is being taken advantage of by individuals who are not following the appropriate rules," Collins told a Senate Appropriations subcommittee on April 11. "We have had multiple opportunities to interact with the FBI, who has been investigating this vigorously."It was as a result of what the FBI discovered that researchers at 55 institutions are now believed to be "double-dipping, receiving foreign government money without disclosing it, or in some instances, diverting intellectual property ... to China," Collins said. "Maybe most egregiously of all," he added, some researchers who peer-review grants have been accused of distributing those materials during the review process, "giving, therefore, an opportunity for somebody else's ideas to be stolen."While evidence of this occurring were outlined in MD Anderson's redacted compliance reports -- including unauthorized sharing of grant materials, receipt of foreign money and involvement in research overseas -- it is yet unclear how much this might have impacted the course of NIH funding decisions and to what extent it's reflective of the agency's "foreign influence" concerns when it comes to China as a whole.The reports, which were redacted and provided to CNN by MD Anderson, reveal multiple ties to China among the researchers in question, including Chinese research institutions and talent recruitment programs -- namely, China's Thousand Talents Program, which has come under scrutiny from US officials.The Chinese government describes the program as an effort to bring the top minds from overseas "who can make breakthroughs in key technologies or can enhance China's high-tech industries."However, in a statement to the US Senate Judiciary Committee in December, one FBI official blasted programs like Thousand Talents, describing how incentives such as "competitive salaries, state-of-the-art research facilities, and honorific titles" may come with an ulterior motive."The Chinese government is attempting to acquire or steal, not only the plans and intentions of the United States government, but also the ideas and innovations of the very people that make our economy so incredibly successful," Bill Priestap, assistant director of the FBI's Counterintelligence Division, told the committee.According to an NIH advisory committee report from December, "These kinds of information collection efforts are not unique to China, and NIH is not the only funding agency affected."The NIH funds biomedical research to the tune of tens of billions of dollars per year nationwide, making it the largest public funder in the world to do so.According to the NIH, concerns surrounding foreign influence highlight a delicate balance between forging productive partnerships with foreign scientists while safeguarding American innovation and property.Source of tensionIt may also come as a source of tension among Asian or Asian-American academics.In March, three professional groups for Chinese and Chinese American scientists wrote an open letter in Science Magazine to express "concerns about the recent political rhetoric and policies that single out students and scholars of Chinese descent working in the United States as threats to US national interests. These developments have led to confusion, fear, and frustration among these highly dedicated professionals, who are in danger of being singled out for scapegoating, stereotyping, and racial profiling."The groups cited "several high-profile cases in whichÂ Chinese-American scientists were wrongfully accused of spying" and warned that NIH policies surrounding collaboration, some not clearly defined, could be implemented with bias.In a response to the letter, NIH director Collins said that the agency had "carefully considered how to ensure fairness of the grant process and intellectual property principles, while seeking to minimize jeopardy to innocent foreign nationals and important international collaborations."In response to concerns about profiling, Pisters said that MD Anderson "acted without regard to race, ethnicity or nationality and solely based upon alleged malfeasance" raised by federal authorities.Load-Date: April 26, 2019End of Document

Scientists with ties to China ousted from US cancer center amid fears of foreign influenceCNN WireApril 25, 2019 Thursday 8:10 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1251 wordsByline: By Michael Nedelman, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  A leading cancer research center in Houston, Texas has taken action against a handful of faculty members for sharing confidential information and failing to disclose foreign ties, according to statements from the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center.According to documents and statements reviewed by CNN, five scientists at the institution were flagged by the US National Institutes of Health -- which funds biomedical research across the country -- "regarding a variety of threats, including data security and intellectual property loss," according to a statement by the cancer center.Internal investigations revealed a number of infractions of ethics policies and, in a few cases, possible grounds for criminal prosecution, according to compliance reports summarizing the probes carried out by officials within MD Anderson and the University of Texas system. The reports described cases of sharing confidential information surrounding research grants, as well as foreign interests, collaborators and payments the scientists had not disclosed. In many cases this was traced back to Chinese institutions. MD Anderson said the breaches did not include patient information.The cancer center has moved to terminate three of the scientists, two of whom resigned before that process could run its course. For the third, those proceedings are ongoing, according to an e-mailed statement from the cancer center's president, Dr. Peter W.T. Pisters.Of the other two researchers who were flagged, one investigation "indicated non-compliance yet did not meet a threshold to begin the termination process," Pisters said. The other investigation is still in progress.Issue broad in scopeThe NIH told CNN in an email that, while MD Anderson took immediate action, the issue is broader in scope: The agency has contacted 55 institutions with concerns about foreign influence as of April 11. Each of these institutions has at least one scientist identified in the concerns. However, the NIH is not commenting on specific cases."These incidents are not unique to MD Anderson," the agency said in a statement, "and we remind universities to look closely at their organizations to mitigate unscrupulous practices by foreign entities."The investigation at MD Anderson has been brewing for some time. According to Pisters, the FBI formally notified the institution of a "national security investigation" back in 2015.The FBI declined to comment. The investigations were first reported by the Houston Chronicle in collaboration with Science Magazine.'Foreign influence'Officials worry overseas influence could sway funding decisions and redirect American intellectual property into foreign hands. In August 2018, NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins sent a letter to more than 10,000 research institutions which had received or applied for NIH funding, warning that "some foreign entities have mounted systematic programs to influence NIH researchers." Days later, MD Anderson received a notice from the agency about one of its researchers. Others would follow."We are deeply concerned about the evidence, which has been growing over the course of more than a year, that there are egregious instances where our funding of grants in this country is being taken advantage of by individuals who are not following the appropriate rules," Collins told a Senate Appropriations subcommittee on April 11. "We have had multiple opportunities to interact with the FBI, who has been investigating this vigorously."It was as a result of what the FBI discovered that researchers at 55 institutions are now believed to be "double-dipping, receiving foreign government money without disclosing it, or in some instances, diverting intellectual property ... to China," Collins said. "Maybe most egregiously of all," he added, some researchers who peer-review grants have been accused of distributing those materials during the review process, "giving, therefore, an opportunity for somebody else's ideas to be stolen."While evidence of this occurring were outlined in MD Anderson's redacted compliance reports -- including unauthorized sharing of grant materials, receipt of foreign money and involvement in research overseas -- it is yet unclear how much this might have impacted the course of NIH funding decisions and to what extent it's reflective of the agency's "foreign influence" concerns when it comes to China as a whole.The reports, which were redacted and provided to CNN by MD Anderson, reveal multiple ties to China among the researchers in question, including Chinese research institutions and talent recruitment programs -- namely, China's Thousand Talents Program, which has come under scrutiny from US officials.The Chinese government describes the program as an effort to bring the top minds from overseas "who can make breakthroughs in key technologies or can enhance China's high-tech industries." However, in a statement to the US Senate Judiciary Committee in December, one FBI official blasted programs like Thousand Talents, describing how incentives such as "competitive salaries, state-of-the-art research facilities, and honorific titles" may come with an ulterior motive."The Chinese government is attempting to acquire or steal, not only the plans and intentions of the United States government, but also the ideas and innovations of the very people that make our economy so incredibly successful," Bill Priestap, assistant director of the FBI's Counterintelligence Division, told the committee.According to an NIH advisory committee report from December, "These kinds of information collection efforts are not unique to China, and NIH is not the only funding agency affected."The NIH funds biomedical research to the tune of tens of billions of dollars per year nationwide, making it the largest public funder in the world to do so.According to the NIH, concerns surrounding foreign influence highlight a delicate balance between forging productive partnerships with foreign scientists while safeguarding American innovation and property.Source of tensionIt may also come as a source of tension among Asian or Asian-American academics.In March, three professional groups for Chinese and Chinese American scientists wrote an open letter in Science Magazine to express "concerns about the recent political rhetoric and policies that single out students and scholars of Chinese descent working in the United States as threats to US national interests. These developments have led to confusion, fear, and frustration among these highly dedicated professionals, who are in danger of being singled out for scapegoating, stereotyping, and racial profiling."The groups cited "several high-profile cases in which Chinese-American scientists were wrongfully accused of spying" and warned that NIH policies surrounding collaboration, some not clearly defined, could be implemented with bias.In a response to the letter, NIH director Collins said that the agency had "carefully considered how to ensure fairness of the grant process and intellectual property principles, while seeking to minimize jeopardy to innocent foreign nationals and important international collaborations."In response to concerns about profiling, Pisters said that MD Anderson "acted without regard to race, ethnicity or nationality and solely based upon alleged malfeasance" raised by federal authorities.CNN's Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report. TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 26, 2019End of Document

CHINESE ARTIST MENTIONS TIANANMEN MASSACRE ANNIVERSARY IN AWARD SPEECHStates News ServiceMay 29, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1112 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:Comments by a top Chinese artist have been deleted from the country's internet after he mentioned the 30th anniversary of the Tiananmen massacre in his acceptance speech for a prestigious award, RFA has learned.Zhang Yue told the audience at the 13th AAC Young Artists award ceremony in Beijing's Forbidden City that he was "embarrassed" to be standing so close to the city's iconic Tiananmen Square, the focus of weeks of mass, student-led protests calling for greater freedom and democracy under the ruling Chinese Communist Party.He said that the tightening of controls on freedom of expression in recent years had forced him to make concessions to government censorship, as he didn't dare to make the themes of his work too obvious."I didn't oppose this with all of my energy, nor did I succeed in protecting freedom of expression," Zhang told the awards ceremony, in a speech that has since been deleted from China's tightly controlled internet."In particular, on the 30th anniversary of June 4, 1989, I feel even more embarrassed to be standing so very close to Tiananmen Square, accepting this award," he said.Former 1989 student leader Zhou Fengsuo said that nobody in China would have heard about Zhang's comments, however."Now this news is censored across the internet in China. No mention outside," Zhou wrote via his Twitter account after the speech.Fellow artist Wu Wenjian, who also took part in the 1989 pro-democracy movement, said Chinese artists have been deliberately avoiding the topic in the run-up to the 30th anniversary of the massacre, when the People's Liberation Army (PLA) imposed martial law in Beijing, using tanks and machine gun-fire to target unarmed civilians."He spoke very well, and at this particular time and place; I found it pretty moving," Wu said. "There are brave people in all generations, but not very many of them."Wu said Zhang could still face consequences for his speech, however."I'm very worried that ... it could affect his ability to get his work exhibited," he said.U.S.-based activist Cao Yaxue tweeted that six artists from Beijing's Songzhuang art colony who were on tour showing an art exhibit called "Conscience Movement in China" have disappeared in the eastern city of Nanjing since Tuesday afternoon.'Cause to be hopeful'Fellow artist Ji Feng, who also took part in the 1989 movement, said he was unable to comment, as he was under close surveillance by state security police in the run-up to the anniversary on Tuesday."The art world is pretty complicated, with some people totally surrendering to the authorities, and others collaborating," Ji said. "There are many different kinds of artist; some are pretty spineless and never oppose the government; they just avoid the issue.""Not many are willing to stand up and say something like Zhang Yue," he said. "Artists like Zhang Yue haven't totally lost their consciences."He said Zhang's statement was all the more remarkable, given that he must only have been a toddler at the time of the 1989 military crackdown."A lot of intellectuals in China right now don't even know about it, so at least Zhang Yue has given us some cause to be hopeful," Ji said.Zhou Fengsuo told RFA in an interview that Zhang's words had smashed through a number of political taboos in China."It'll make people realize that those things the Chinese Communist Party doesn't want them to think about are actually pretty meaningful," Zhou said. "His acceptance speech could actually be seen as a form of art installation.""The artist community in China tries to avoid crossing political red lines, so Zhang's use of such a venue has shone a spotlight on a lot of people's hypocrisy," he said.Beijing-based rights activist Hu Jia said he is also under police surveillance, after he laid a wreath on Tiananmen Square 15 years ago."[Zhang's] work is all about freedom and the games of resistance played out under an oppressive regime," Hu said. "It runs all the way through his work ... even though he had to lose some [elements] in order to be able to ... have it exhibited."Demand for justiceChinese police have detained, placed under house arrest or threatened dozens of activists who are seeking to mark the June 4 anniversary, as well as relatives of those killed, during recent weeks, London-based rights group Amnesty International said in a statement.It said hundreds, if not thousands, of unarmed protesters and civilians were killed when soldiers opened fire in and around Beijing's Tiananmen Square on 34 June 1989, as they sought to crush widespread protests calling for political reform."Thirty years on from the Tiananmen bloodshed the very least the victims and their families deserve is justice. However, President Xi continues to read from the same tired political playbook, cruelly persecuting those seeking the truth about the tragedy in a concerted effort to wipe the June 4 crackdown from memory," Amnesty International's East Asia research director Roseann Rife said in a statement."The Chinese government must accept that no amount of suppression will ever erase the horror of the wholesale slaughter that took place in and around Tiananmen Square," Rife said. "A first step towards justice would be to finally allow people in China, including elderly parents whose children were killed in the crackdown, to commemorate the victims of June 4."Last month, authorities sentenced activist Chen Bing to three and a half years in jail after he and three other activistsFu Hailu, Luo Fuyu and Zhang Junyongwere found guilty of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble" for commemorating the Tiananmen anniversary on special bottles of a Chinese liquor.Sichuan activist Deng Chuanbin was placed under criminal detention on suspicion of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble" on May 18. His detention is believed to relate to a tweet he posted commemorating the Tiananmen protests, Amnesty International said."Time is running out for the elderly parents whose children were murdered to see truth and justice. We urge the Chinese authorities to do the decent thing and launch an open and independent investigation into the violent crackdown of 1989," Rife said.It called on the Chinese Communist Party to publicly acknowledge the human rights violations which occurred in the Tiananmen crackdown of 1989, launch an open and independent inquiry and hold those responsible for human rights violations accountable, and provide compensation to the victims and their families.Reported by Ng Yik-tung and Sing Man for RFA's Cantonese Service, and by Lin Ping for the Mandarin Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: May 29, 2019End of Document

Rep. Spanberger Leads Introduction of Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect Telecommunications InfrastructureTargeted News ServiceMay 21, 2019 Tuesday 7:40 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1156 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Abigail Spanberger, D-Virginia, issued the following news release:* * *- According to a 2018 NATO Report, Huawei's Growing Role as a Supplier of 5G Could Be Exploited by China to Commit Espionage, Monitor Foreign Corporations and Governments, &#38; Support Chinese Military Operations* * *U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger today led the introduction of a bipartisan bill to protect next-generation telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in the United States. Spanberger introduced the legislation alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. To combat the potential cyber threats associated with a Huawei 5G monopoly, the report recommends that non-Chinese companies invest in 5G research and development--and it calls on U.S. and European companies to reconsider the integration of Huawei technology into their 5G infrastructure.The Spanberger-led Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. The strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains access for all Americans."The United States has long been responsible for the groundbreaking achievements of the digital age. However, the growing prominence of 5G telecommunications systems in China and abroad, particularly through Huawei, should concern all Americans," said Spanberger. "To protect our national security and maintain our economic strength, we must build a nationwide gameplan to strengthen our mobile networks and protect the privacy of American families. Today, I'm proud to lead the introduction of a bipartisan bill to require a smart strategy, because safeguarding Americans' access to the next generation of telecommunications should never be a partisan issue. As we work to achieve faster internet speeds and wider connectivity, our legislation would make sure we have a plan to deliver innovative technology to U.S. consumers, compete with China, and prevent foreign influence in 5G networks.""The next generation of mobile telecommunications, 5G, holds tremendous potential to revolutionize the way we communicate and work with one another. As the co-founder and co-chair of the 5G Caucus, I understand how important it is for our laws to support this kind of innovation. But with such innovation and technological advancements, the federal government must ensure our national security by protecting Hoosiers and Americans across the country from potential cyber threats," said Brooks. "The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is a bipartisan bill working to protect next-generation telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in the United States from dangerous foreign actors while continuing to allow the internet to transform the way we live for the better.""The next generation of telecommunication systems is going to revolutionize our economy, and it is important that every corner of our country has access to the latest technology, especially rural America," said O'Halleran. "With the rapid expansion of new technological infrastructure, it is critical that these systems be secure and the privacy of Americans be protected. I am proud to join my colleagues today to introduce this important bill to address the risks associated with the deployment of new technology and ensure we remain a world leader in technology.""The United States needs to be proactive in preventing any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by our adversaries. In our increasingly interconnected world, that means protecting our telecommunications and infrastructure, and those of our allies, from malign foreign interference," said Rooney. "I am proud to cosponsor the Secure 5G and Beyond Act to ensure the safety, security, and freedom of the United States and to safeguard our technology infrastructure.""Our economic competitiveness and our national security depend on a clear-eyed approach to China's influence in the 5G space," said Slotkin. "I'm proud to support this bipartisan bill that requires an inter-agency strategy to mitigate this threat, protect U.S. companies and consumers, and prevent foreign influence in future telecommunications systems.""Ensuring the United States remains a leading global competitor in both the economy and technology is critical to the future of our nation," said Stefanik. "This bipartisan legislation requires the President to implement a strategy to secure 5G telecommunications systems and infrastructure in our country and maximize the security of these systems. I'm proud to co-lead this effort to protect the competitiveness of American companies, as well as the privacy and security of American consumers."Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:* Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;* Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; and* Protect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).Click here (https://spanberger.house.gov/UploadedFiles/Secure_5G_and_Beyond_Act.pdf) to read the full bill text.BACKGROUNDThe 2018 report from the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence warned that integration of Huawei as a 5G provider could create long-term negative consequences.Currently, the Chinese government's Made in China 2025 plan calls 5G a "strategic emerging industry." Already, Chinese tech companies own 36 percent of all 5G standard-essential patents, whereas U.S.-based companies only possess 14 percent of critical 5G patents. Earlier this year, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford called the potential risks of a Chinese-built 5G network "a critical national security issue" for the United States.* * *VIDEO: On CBS News, Spanberger Announces Introduction of "Secure 5G and Beyond Act" (https://www.cbsnews.com/live/video/20190521211735-virginia-congresswoman-abigail-spanberger-on-how-shes-trying-to-strengthen-u-s-cyber-security/)Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6735956 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: May 22, 2019End of Document

SPANBERGER LEADS INTRODUCTION OF BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY THREATSStates News ServiceMay 21, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1097 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, D.C. BodyThe following information was released by the office of Virginia Rep. Abigail Spanberger:According to a 2018 NATO Report, Huawei's Growing Role as a Supplier of 5G Could Be Exploited by China to Commit Espionage, Monitor Foreign Corporations and Governments, and Support Chinese Military OperationsWASHINGTON, D.C. U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger today led the introduction of a bipartisan bill to protect next-generation telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in the United States. Spanberger introduced the legislation alongside U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. To combat the potential cyber threats associated with a Huawei 5G monopoly, the report recommends that non-Chinese companies invest in 5G research and developmentand it calls on U.S. and European companies to reconsider the integration of Huawei technology into their 5G infrastructure.The Spanberger-led Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. The strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains access for all Americans."The United States has long been responsible for the groundbreaking achievements of the digital age. However, the growing prominence of 5G telecommunications systems in China and abroad, particularly through Huawei, should concern all Americans," said Spanberger. "To protect our national security and maintain our economic strength, we must build a nationwide gameplan to strengthen our mobile networks and protect the privacy of American families. Today, I'm proud to lead the introduction of a bipartisan bill to require a smart strategy, because safeguarding Americans' access to the next generation of telecommunications should never be a partisan issue. As we work to achieve faster internet speeds and wider connectivity, our legislation would make sure we have a plan to deliver innovative technology to U.S. consumers, compete with China, and prevent foreign influence in 5G networks.""The next generation of mobile telecommunications, 5G, holds tremendous potential to revolutionize the way we communicate and work with one another. As the co-founder and co-chair of the 5G Caucus, I understand how important it is for our laws to support this kind of innovation. But with such innovation and technological advancements, the federal government must ensure our national security by protecting Hoosiers and Americans across the country from potential cyber threats," said Brooks. "The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is a bipartisan bill working to protect next-generation telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in the United States from dangerous foreign actors while continuing to allow the internet to transform the way we live for the better.""The next generation of telecommunication systems is going to revolutionize our economy, and it is important that every corner of our country has access to the latest technology, especially rural America," said O'Halleran. "With the rapid expansion of new technological infrastructure, it is critical that these systems be secure and the privacy of Americans be protected. I am proud to join my colleagues today to introduce this important bill to address the risks associated with the deployment of new technology and ensure we remain a world leader in technology.""The United States needs to be proactive in preventing any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by our adversaries. In our increasingly interconnected world, that means protecting our telecommunications and infrastructure, and those of our allies, from malign foreign interference," said Rooney. "I am proud to cosponsor the Secure 5G and Beyond Act to ensure the safety, security, and freedom of the United States and to safeguard our technology infrastructure.""Our economic competitiveness and our national security depend on a clear-eyed approach to China's influence in the 5G space," said Slotkin. "I'm proud to support this bipartisan bill that requires an inter-agency strategy to mitigate this threat, protect U.S. companies and consumers, and prevent foreign influence in future telecommunications systems.""Ensuring the United States remains a leading global competitor in both the economy and technology is critical to the future of our nation," said Stefanik. "This bipartisan legislation requires the President to implement a strategy to secure 5G telecommunications systems and infrastructure in our country and maximize the security of these systems. I'm proud to co-lead this effort to protect the competitiveness of American companies, as well as the privacy and security of American consumers."Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; andProtect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).Click here to read the full bill text.BACKGROUNDThe 2018 report from the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence warned that integration of Huawei as a 5G provider could create long-term negative consequences.Currently, the Chinese government's Made in China 2025 plan calls 5G a "strategic emerging industry." Already, Chinese tech companies own 36 percent of all 5G standard-essential patents, whereas U.S.-based companies only possess 14 percent of critical 5G patents. Earlier this year, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford called the potential risks of a Chinese-built 5G network "a critical national security issue" for the United States.Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

Tencent-Backed WeDoctor Scraps International Listing for ShanghaiRealMoneyJune 20, 2019 Thursday 12:00 PM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 492 wordsByline: Alex Frew McMillanHighlight: The healthcare app creator reportedly shelves a Hong Kong listing in favor of "China's Nasdaq" due to data privacy and transparency concerns.BodyWeDoctor, a healthcare app backed by Tencent Holdings  , reportedly has shelved plans for an international initial public offering (IPO) due to a trade-war-style battle over where its data is held.WeDoctor has been planning an overseas IPO in Hong Kong since 2017 with intentions to go public this year. The offering likely would go down very well with investors keen to access a Chinese healthcare market that is booming as China grows richer and older.But WeDoctor has ditched those plans,  , because investors would have mighty different ideas from the Chinese government as to where data on patients should be kept.Instead, the Financial Times says WeDoctor is looking to list in Shanghai on the STAR Market, intended to be China's answer to Nasdaq. The STAR Market launched on June 13. It has looser listing rules, such as allowing unprofitable companies to go public. It also gives companies more flexibility on the timing and pricing of offerings. WeDoctor, founded in 2010, is not yet turning a profit.China has strict Internet regulations that require all online information on Chinese clients to be held within China. The Beijing government says this is to ensure privacy and security. But China is also intent on patrolling the "Great Firewall of China," which heavily restricts the kind of information available within China. The government would likely require access to any data held within China if it required it for "national security" purposes, which has a very broad definition in the mainland.At the same time, WeDoctor would have been subject to greater scrutiny and transparency if it listed overseas. It may also have been more difficult for WeDoctor to receive financing and backing from the government healthcare system in China if it accepted financing from investors outside China.WeDoctor faces competition in a cutting-edge sector from Ping An Good Doctor HK:1833, which is backed by Ping An Insurance PNGAY, a company with a primary listing in Hong Kong. Ping An Good raised US$1.1 billion in a Hong Kong IPO last year, but its shares have lost one-third of their value since pricing aggressively.The healthcare industry in China is likely to hit US$1 trillion in 2020, according to McKinsey & Co., up from US$357 billion in 2011.WeDoctor runs an app with 160 million registered users that lets people make appointments with a network of 240,000 doctors across China. The platform can also help conduct basic diagnosis and provide prescriptions. It's likely to be popular with patients frustrated by long waits to use an overloaded Chinese healthcare system. WeDoctor has also been looking for partnerships overseas in order to route Chinese patients for international levels of care.Sequoia Capital, Goldman Sachs Group  , Fosun International  and the insurer AIA Group  are among the backers of WeDoctor. It raised US$500 million in a private financing round last year, helping it drive to a valuation of US$5.5 billion.Load-Date: June 21, 2019End of Document

China is ramping up trade-war tensions after Trump's tariff threat, saying it will 'fight to the end'Business Insider USJune 11, 2019 Tuesday 04:49 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 603 wordsByline: tmohamed@businessinsider.com,  (Theron Mohamed)Highlight: China said it would "resolutely respond" if the US continues to escalate the two countries' trade war.Body• China has pledged to "fight to the end" if the US continues to escalate the trade war.• President Donald Trump threatened to expand tariffs of 25% to virtually all Chinese goods if his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, failed to meet him at the G-20 meeting in Japan at the end of the month.• "If the United States only wants to escalate trade frictions, we will resolutely respond and fight to the end," China's Foreign Ministry told Reuters.• Visit Markets Insider's homepage for more stories.The Chinese government has pledged to "fight to the end" if the US continues to escalate the two countries' trade war."China does not want to fight a trade war, but we are not afraid of fighting a trade war," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told Reuters. "If the United States only wants to escalate trade frictions, we will resolutely respond and fight to the end."The comments came after President Donald Trump threatened to immediately expand tariffs to virtually all Chinese goods if his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, fails to meet him at the G-20 meeting in Japan at the end of the month."We're expected to meet and if we do that's fine, and if we don't -- look, from our standpoint the best deal we can have is 25% on $600 billion," Trump told CNBC on Monday.Trump has already slapped duties on $250 billion of imports from China, and said he could impose tariffs of 25% or "much higher" on a further $300 billion. Products in the firing line include smartphones, laptops, TVs, computer monitors, video-game consoles, and flash drives. Despite the looming threat of tariffs, Asian stocks rose on Tuesday following the Chinese government's latest attempt to boost the domestic economy. It said it would allow local governments to use special bonds to finance major public works such as highways, railways, and energy projects, according to Reuters.Stocks also benefited from Trump's decision to hold off on tariffs on all Mexican imports, and the prospect of US interest-rate cuts after the Federal Reserve            promised to take appropriate action to protect the US economy. "Equities are continuing their remarkable relief rally as investors put trade war concerns to one side and double down on bets the Fed will ride the rescue," said Neil Wilson, chief market analyst for Markets.com."But we caution not to rely on either playing out precisely how the bulls would like."Here's the market roundup as of 9.38 a.m. (4.38 a.m. ET):• Asian stocks jumped with the Shanghai Composite up 2.6%, the SZSE Component up 3.7%, and Hong Kong's Hang Seng up 0.7%.• European equities climbed in morning trading with Germany's DAX up 1.2%, Britain's FTSE 100 up 0.5%, and the Euro Stoxx 50 up 0.9%.• US markets are set to open higher with futures underlying the Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 up 0.4%, and Nasdaq futures up 0.6%.• Crude oil inched upward with West Texas Intermediate crude up 1.1% at $53.80, and Brent crude up 0.4% at $62.50.NOW WATCH: I've used iPhones for nearly a decade and switched to the Samsung Galaxy S10. Now I understand Android loyalty in a way I never understood before.See Also:• These are the 10 best-performing stocks of this century• Investing legend Stanley Druckenmiller reveals why the 'best economic predictor' has him worried about the next crisis - and breaks down where you should be putting your money• Stock-market trends that have slid under the radar are confirming a recession signal that's been 100% accurate for the past 50 yearsSEE ALSO: It's been more than a year since the US-China trade war started. Here's a timeline of everything that's happened so far.Load-Date: June 14, 2019End of Document

Human Rights Watch: Blindfold Big Brother - We Need a Global Right to Privacy in Public SpacesTargeted News ServiceJune 16, 2019 Sunday 1:17 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 859 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyHuman Rights Watch issued the following news release:Does privacy depend on secrecy? The question seems obvious until you think about it. Yes, much of the privacy we value takes place away from prying eyes, but not all of it. We also depend on a degree of privacy even in public. But increasingly invasive digital surveillance combined with artificial intelligence has put that "public" privacy in jeopardy.I live in New York City. When I walk the streets of Manhattan, anyone could follow me and watch what I am doing. But in-person surveillance is time-consuming and expensive. As a former federal prosecutor, I used to oversee such surveillance. It involved teams of agents, rotated to avoid detection, with sometimes round-the-clock shifts. A government could amass such resources for only the gravest threats.Most people know that when it comes to their daily lives, no one will bother. It's just not worth it. So when we see people or visit places that we'd like to keep private, we know for the most part we can.But that is changing. Most of us keep our mobile phones with us, and they provide a real-time digital record of our movements that the phone or internet company can access. Even if we leave our phone at home, ubiquitous and cheap video cameras increasingly track our movements. As facial-recognition software gains sophistication, the government will be able to follow us anyway.Artificial intelligence, in turn, has magnified the scale and invasiveness of public surveillance. Facial recognition software empowered by it enables governments and potentially others to identify us with increasing accuracy as we walk the streets. We can then be matched to such personal records as our immigration status, voter registration, financial information and social media posts.The modern ability to store large quantities of data means that these tools can be used to track us not only prospectively but also retroactively, recreating our past in a way that surveillance agents could never do. And unlike our fingerprints, facial-recognition technology can tell governments or companies not only whether we have been at a particular crime scene but also, potentially, many other places we have been. As police departments succumb to the inevitable temptation to intrude more, an all-knowing Big Brother looms. Fear of this possibility, and the dangers of mistaken identification, were behind San Francisco's recent decision to bar police and other city agencies from using this technology.In the United States, the Supreme Court has started to recognize the danger of public surveillance. In Carpenter v. United States (2018), the court held that "an individual maintains a legitimate expectation of privacy in the record of his physical movements as captured through" monitoring of a cellphone's location. Like other privacy rights, this right is conditional. If the government suspects wrongdoing, it can always seek judicial approval to monitor a particular person after demonstrating reasonable grounds to believe that he or she has committed or is planning a crime. But absent a judicial order, the government should not be allowed to produce a database of our movements.China's deployment of surveillance tools illustrates why we need a global right to privacy in public places. Surveillance cameras blanket the country, equipped with not only facial recognition capabilities but also the ability to recognize objects and license plates. Chinese police aspire to match that surveillance information with biometric data that they collect widely, including DNA and voice samples. The aim of this big-data analysis is to identify people deemed politically suspicious--a good illustration of how the right to privacy also implicates the right to freedom of expression. This dystopia is enabled by a complete lack of legal protections against state surveillance in China, not to mention the absence of an independent judiciary to enforce them or a free media to expose breaches.These technologies are most visible in China's repression of Turkic Muslims in the Xinjiang region of western China, where the government is detaining an estimated 1 million and subjecting them to forced indoctrination. Human Rights Watch has exposed police use of a big-data system to monitor the region's 22 million residents, selecting people for interrogation based on criteria such as whether they use "suspicious network tools" like WhatsApp or "too much" electricity.To make matters worse, the Chinese government is actively researching ways to use personal data for social control and behavioral engineering, including a "social credit system" that would reward and punish people based on what authorities consider good and bad behavior.The Chinese government is not alone. Companies based in Israel, Germany, Italy, and Britain are developing these technologies and selling them to governments that use them to monitor and repress their citizens. Stronger global controls on the export and sale of these tools are urgently needed. More fundamentally, we must establish a clear right to privacy in public.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6761097 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: June 23, 2019End of Document

Microsoft collaborated with Chinese military university. Experts warn of risksCE Noticias Financieras EnglishApril 10, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 461 wordsBody       The technology collaborated with a university controlled by the main Chinese military body in investigations on artificial intelligence. US officials admit to tightening rules.  Microsoft has collaborated with a Chinese military university on an artificial intelligence-driven investigation that several experts fear could be used to develop surveillance and censorship systems by the Chinese government. The information is advanced, this Wednesday, April 9, by the Financial Times.  The same newspaper reports that the investigation was conducted between March and November last year by academics from Microsoft Research Asia and researchers linked to the National Defense Technology University of China, an institution controlled by the Central Military Commission, of the country.  At stake are three scientific papers, which raise concerns because of the nature of the technology being investigated and the institutional links of the authors. "The Chinese government is using these technologies to build surveillance systems and to hold minorities," Samm Sacks, a technology policy expert, tells the Financial Times referring to the Xinjiang Autonomous Region, where "re-education camps" exist. the Uighurs, members of the Chinese ethnic minority of Muslim origin.  Another cyber-policy expert, Adam Segal, points out that academic partnerships between the United States and China are "increasingly under the radar of the FBI, which is alert to the threats of espionage of students and scientists."  Microsoft, for its part, argues that its researchers "conduct fundamental projects with leading academics and experts from around the world," adding that in each case "research is guided by company principles and fully complies with local laws and the United States. " It further emphasizes that all investigations are published "to ensure transparency and for everyone to benefit from them".  However, the US authorities are even considering establishing stricter rules for international academic collaborations involving US institutions, particularly in sensitive areas such as artificial intelligence or augmented reality.  "American companies have to realize that doing business in China carries a significant and profound risk. In addition to being accused of espionage by the Communist Party of China, American corporations are at risk of spreading the atrocities against human rights by the Communist Party of China, "said Ted Cruz, quoted by the Financial Times.  The Republican senator from Texas stressed that the United States and China should not stop marketing products among themselves, but stresses that "there is a minimum that has to be ensured that American companies will not allow the oppression of the Communist Party of China."       Load-Date: April 10, 2019End of Document

Why is the United States concerned about 5G?CE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 5, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 484 wordsBody Next year, fifth generation (5G) wireless technology will begin to form the backbone of future public services and economies. It will touch all aspects of our lives, from cell phones to autonomous automobiles, through critical services such as power grids and water systems.  "With all these services that depend on 5G networks, what is at stake to safeguard these vital networks could not be greater," said Robert Strayer, a diplomat specializing in cybernetic issues at the US Department of State.  Unfortunately, the new infrastructure needed to support 5G can make countries subject to threats to their national security. A major concern is that the equipment can be installed by a company that can be controlled or influenced by a foreign government.  (Dept. of State / Mr. Gemeny Wilkinson)  That is why President Trump signed an executive order (in English) on May 15 that prohibits US companies from using telecommunications equipment or services of any company that poses a risk to national security.  In particular, Chinese telecommunications providers are required by law to serve the interests of the Chinese government and its intelligence services. If Huawei or other Chinese equipment manufacturers build the underlying infrastructure of a country for 5G, then the Chinese government would have the potential to exercise control over those networks.  "In reality, there is no differentiation between private sector companies and those of the government in China," Strayer told the PBS NewsHour news network. The Chinese government "can force companies to act. ... They are completely subject to the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party. "  Electronic eavesdropping and worse  An unreliable provider could look at the data traveling through the 5G network in another country, either to degrade the services that depend on the data or to access confidential information. Speaking about Chinese companies, Strayer said that "they could receive orders to undermine the security of the network, steal personal information or intellectual property, carry out espionage,interrupt critical services or carry out cyber attacks. "  But the problem goes beyond governments that can force a seller to spy. The 5G technologies will constitute the backbone of the infrastructure that will govern future economies: electricity grids, water pipes, autonomous vehicles and telemedicine. This infrastructure will be vulnerable to catastrophic alterations or interruptions if it is controlled by unreliable suppliers.  The way forward  "As countries around the world upgrade their communications systems to 5G technology, we are urging them to adopt a risk-based security framework," said Strayer. "An important element of this risk-based approach to security is a careful assessment of software and systems vendors and ... the degree to which vendors are subject to the control of a foreign government." Load-Date: June 6, 2019End of Document

TRUMP IS RIGHT TO BATTLE CHINA ON TRADE, BUT NOW COMES THE HARD PARTStates News ServiceMay 13, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1165 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the Center for the National Interest (former the Nixon Center):For many different reasons, now is the time for Washington to use certain advantages to level off the playing field.by Salvatore BabonesOn November 10, 2001, after fifteen years of tortuous negotiations, China joined the World Trade Organization. The WTO describes itself as a rules-based club whose "overriding purpose is to help trade flow as freely as possible." If only that were true when it comes to China, then the Trump administration's so-called "trade war" would have been over before it started.China was only allowed to join the WTO after making several commitments to free trade, the most important of which was to "provide non-discriminatory treatment to all WTO Members." Specifically, China promised that foreign companies would "be accorded treatment no less favorable than that accorded to enterprises in China" when doing business in the country.Tell that to Google, Facebook, Uber, and all the other American companies that have been forced out of the Chinese market.Eighteen years after joining the WTO and China still has not honored the most basic commitment it made upon joining. In fact, it has slid backward. Yet for all that time, China has reaped the benefits of WTO membership: low tariffs on its exports, access to WTO dispute resolution mechanisms, a voice on future global trade rules, and a free pass for its companies to operate in the United States.Now is the time to set things right. It may be the only time. China's economy is slowing and its leaders are worried. After forty years of growth, the party is over. A country only makes the transition from quick catch-up to mature growth once in its economic development trajectory. China's transition is now. It's not going to come around again.Once China gets used to the kinds of pedestrian growth rates that prevail in other middle income countries, the window of opportunity will close. Attitudes will harden. People will come to expect mediocre results and a cycle of boom and bust. Slow growth will become the new normal.But right now, China's population is restive, and its leaders are scared. There's blood in the water. Now is the time to strike on trade with China. If China isn't persuaded to meet its 2001 WTO commitments now, then it never will be.The Trump administration's decision to raise tariffs effective May 10while exempting goods already in transit to the United Stateshas set the clock ticking. Some Chinese exporters will take a chance and ship anyway, hoping that the dispute will be resolved in the four to six weeks it takes their goods to reach West Coast ports. Others will hold back to wait and see. Both groups will be pressuring the Chinese government to come to a deal as quickly as possible.Americans have a bad habit of thinking that China lacks internal politics, but that is completely incorrect. China's ruling Communist Party forbids public expressions of dissent, but you can be sure that China's major exporters are on the phone to their comrades in government and the Party. There's big money at stake, and in China more than in most places, cash is king. The lack of democratic accountability makes China's politics even more dependent on money, not less. In public, everything is quiet, but in private, the pressure is mounting.Opening DoorsYet there is no such thing as a U.S.-China "trade war." A trade war happens when two countries compete to secure advantages for their own exports over those of another country. But US and Chinese exporters rarely compete head-to-head in the same sector. Trump is not seeking advantages for American cars or refrigerators over Chinese ones.The current U.S.-China negotiations are all about market access, and Trump's tariffs are focused on opening markets, not closing them. Open markets have been at the heart of America's Asia policy since before the Civil War. In 1899, Secretary of State John Hay gave the policy a name: the open door policy. But the United States has been pushing for a free and equal Pacific trading regime ever since it signed its first "most favored nation" agreement with China in 1844.China's doors closed when the Communist Party took power in 1949, and these days they only open for companies that China thinks it can turn to its own advantage. That is nothing like the situation in the United States, and nothing like it should be under WTO rules.Subject to genuine national-security considerations, any Chinese company can come to the United States, set up shop, and take its chances in the U.S. market. It can freely repatriate any profits back to China. And if it feels aggrieved by anyone or anything, then it can pursue its case in U.S. courts without prejudice.None of that is true for U.S. companies in China, but it should be. In 2001, China promised that it would open all of its markets to foreign competition, reserving only a small number of highly regulated industries. Specifically, China committed to open its banking and telecommunications sectors by the end of 2006. More than twelve years later, these sectors are still completely closed.Stay the Course to Change the CourseChina has outright refused to live up to its 2001 WTO commitments, but the full picture is much worse than that. Over the last two decades, China has initiated a large-scale campaign of government-sponsored industrial espionage. It forces foreign companies to transfer mission-critical technologies to local partners as the price of doing business in China. And it continues to impede the repatriation of profits made by foreign companies operating in China.None of this is consistent with the rules-based multilateral system so resolutely endorsed by Chinese President Xi Jinping in his much-lauded 2017 speech to the World Economic Forum. At the time, Xi's internationalist commitment to liberal principles was widely praised as an antidote to Trump's nationalist backpedaling on the global rule of law. But actions speak louder than words.Trump's America remains committed to the rule of law, and Trump's tariffs are the means to enforce it. China has amply demonstrated that it will not respect its commitments unless it is forced to. Now is the best time to exert maximum force to persuade China to change its course.Last week's deal fell apart precisely over enforcement provisions. China is as willing as ever to make commitments on market access. It is not (yet) willing to see them enforced.The Trump administration should stay the course on enforcement. It shouldn't have to wait long. China is in trouble, and major Chinese exporters have already started moving to Vietnam. Once they go, they won't come back, even when tariffs return to normal.The clock is ticking, and China's Communist Party leadership knows that better than anyone. America can afford to wait. China can't.Salvatore Babones is the author of The New Authoritarianism: Trump, Populism, and the Tyranny of Experts.Load-Date: May 14, 2019End of Document

Interview with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin; Interview with President. Donald J. Trump about the Border Crisis; Kids II Recalls Rocking Sleepers after Five Infant Deaths; Mark Zuckerberg's Sleep Box; Marriott's Home Rental PushMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 7:00 AM ESTApril 29, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 7520 wordsByline: Maria Bartiromo, Cheryl Casone, Lauren Simonetti, Judge Andrew NapolitanoGuests: Curtis Chin, Jonathan Goldstein, Mitch Roschelle, Steven Mnuchin, Donald TrumpBodyMARIA BARTIROMO, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Welcome back. Good Monday morning everybody. Thanks so much for joining us. I'm Maria Bartiromo. And it is Monday, April 29th.We're coming to you live from California this morning at the Milken Institute Conference.Your top stories right now at 7:00 a.m. on the East Coast.Trade is in focus today.My exclusive interview coming up with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)STEVEN MNUCHIN, U.S. TREASURY SECRETARY: We made a lot of progress. We couldn't be more pleased with USMCA. We hope to see the Speaker bring that to the floor so we can get it passed.You know we signed an agreement with South Korea. We're having conversations with Europe about trade issues. We're having conversations with China. And yes, we are having conversations with Japan.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: New information on Japan coming up. More on trade, the GDP, the recent attacks on capitalism -- all right here with the Treasury Secretary.Meanwhile, the battle at the border continues. My exclusive interview with President Trump coming up about the growing crisis that I witnessed firsthand this weekend at the border between the U.S. and Mexico in El Paso, Texas. The President says that people are illegally pouring in partly because the U.S. economy is so good. They are looking for opportunity.There is trouble for Boeing to report. The "Wall Street Journal" is reporting this morning that the aircraft maker did not advise airlines or the FAA that it shut the warning system off on the 737 Max. What it could mean as the shareholder meeting kicks off today at Boeing.We are also watching earnings. This is probably the biggest week so far for the first quarter reporting. Big tech companies are reporting this week, including Google parent company, Alphabet. That's today. Tomorrow it's all about Apple. We've got a preview. And then we've got the big jobs report at the end of the week.But look at that week -- not only earnings, we've got the Federal Reserve meeting. We'll get the FOMC decision on Wednesday and, of course, trade talks as Mnuchin heads to Beijing. Full analysis on what is one of the most important weeks this week for investorsAhead of it all, investors are looking at a market that is trading down fractionally. The Dow Industrials right now down 19 points, S&P futures down 2 and the Nasdaq futures lower by 6.Last week the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 closed at record highs after the GDP came in better than expected. The economic growth clocking in at 3.2 percent for the first quarter. It was much better than most expectations. That's why you had a rally in the Dow of 81 points at the close on Friday, 27 points higher on the Nasdaq.This morning in Europe, the indices are lower. FT 100 is down 9 points, the CAC 40 in Paris is lower by 15. And the Dax in Germany down by 35 points -- one quarter of 1 percent.In Asia overnight, there's a holiday in Japan. That market is closed. But as you can see, the best performer was Korea, up 1.75 percent.Well, the upcoming U.S.-China trade talks are on. The Nikkei average closed for Japan's Golden Week Holiday as you can see with the holiday there.Joining me to break it all down, coming up: Fox Business Network's Lauren Simonetti is in New York this morning. PWC partner Mitch Roschelle also in New York and the Milken Institute Asia Fellow, Curtis Chin. Great to see you this morning.CURTIS CHIN, ASIA FELLOW, MILKEN INSTITUTE: Good to see you.LAUREN SIMONETTI, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Good morning.MITCH ROSCHELLE, PWC PARTNER: Good morning.BARTIROMO: We really have to get your insights on all of the above.Busy week this week. So we've got a lot to talk about. We are on it.Our top story however, my exclusive sit-down with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. We talked about a wide range of topics including trade negotiations across the globe and now fears of a potential recession have certainly moved off of the front page. Policy moves at the Federal Reserve though still a focus.We began with President Trump's economic policies and the growth that they've spurred.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: Great first quarter, 3.2 percent growth. To what do you attribute such vibrancy?MNUCHIN: It was very impressive. And it's a result of the President's economic program. So this was tax cuts, tax reform, regulatory relief, and trade deals.And, you know, not only was it a great number, but the first quarter is normally 1 percent lower than usual. And the government shutdown probably cost 30 basis points. This is really like a 4.5 percent unadjusted quarter.BARTIROMO: That was incredible. So how do you keep this going? How much of a runway do all of those policies have in terms of providing a boost in the future.MNUCHIN: Well Maria -- as you know, last year there were a lot of people who said we would never get to 3 percent. We did. Then there were people who said the economy was going to slow down.I think the President's economic program will continue to show strength throughout this year. And the U.S. is really the bright spot of the world. We really see -- we see Europe's falling. We see China is falling. We still see tremendous amounts of money coming into the U.S. economy and I think it looks very clear for the next year.BARTIROMO: What about Europe's slowdown? Because a lot of people feel like that has to hit the U.S. at some point. How significant is that slowdown in Europe?MNUCHIN: Well, there's no question that the slowdown in Europe and China has already had some impact. But it just goes to show you how strong the U.S. economy is doing.So again, I think we would be even stronger if it weren't for that. But I expect that's a modest impact.BARTIROMO: Do you think the corporate sector is really showing the strength more so than the consumer? Is the consumer shaky? How would you characterize each sector? Consumer versus corporate.MNUCHIN: I think as you look at each quarter, we've seen a little bit of a variation. But I think as you look it over the time period, we've seen both the consumer as well as the business sector perform extremely well. We continue to see a lot of investments in the U.S. We see more jobs. We see the participation rate going up. We see wages increasing. So this is really an across-the-board expansion.BARTIROMO: Wages are increasing. Better than 3 percent year over year. And yet the Fed can't even get the inflation that it's targeting of 2 percent. What's your take on inflation right now?MNUCHIN: Well, Maria -- that's good news for the U.S. economy to have this environment where we have low inflation and good growth. That's really the perfect condition we want to continue the expansion.BARTIROMO: Is that why LARRY KUDLOW is asking for a cut in interest rates by 50 basis points? I mean if things are going so well, why is Kudlow asking for the fed to lower rates?MNUCHIN: Maria -- you know in my position as secretary of the Treasury, I have to respect the fed independence. I'm not going to comment on interest rates.BARTIROMO: Well, how about commenting on Kudlow?MNUCHIN: I'm not going to comment on Kudlow commenting on interest rates either.BARTIROMO: All right.Well, the Federal Reserve is obviously right now saying it's out of the way, it's not going to be doing anything. But at some point with all of this strength in the economy, you would expect rates are going to go up and yet they're going down.MNUCHIN: Well, Maria -- if you look at, you know, at the end of last year, the market expected rates to go up another 100 basis points. The markets now adjusted those expectations.Matter of fact, at certain points there's been expectations in the market of a rate cut. I think the Fed has said they're going to be data dependent. We'll see how the data comes in and how they react.BARTIROMO: So did it matter that we saw that inversion, the 2-year versus the 10-year yield? Usually an inversion like that indicates a recession is at hand.MNUCHIN: No, I said at the time I wasn't concerned about the inverted yield curve and I continue not to be -- have concerns about any of that.I think first of all, the yield curve just reflects markets. Sometimes markets are efficient and sometimes markets aren't efficient. But I don't think that was ever predicting a recession. I think it was just predicting what people expected future interest rates to be.But, you know, there's a lot of talk about recession at the end of last year. There's no talk about recession now with people seeing these numbers.BARTIROMO: Well, these numbers certainly indicate a much different story. You're leaving for China tomorrow. I want to ask you about China. What would be the most ideal situation in this next round of talks?MNUCHIN: Well, Maria -- I think the good news is we've made a lot of progress. I think we've been talking about this for two years, starting with President Trump and President Xi at Mar-A-Lago talking about a desire to have a rebalanced trading relationship. And that's something President Xi agreed to.Over the last four months, Ambassador Lighthizer and a large inter-agency team has done an extraordinary job great job. I think we've made more progress than ever before. This is a real agreement. If we get to a completed agreement it will have real enforcement provisions.There's still some important issues. So we still have more work to do. I think we spent a lot of time, we expect to have the meetings this week. The vice premier will come back with his team the following week. I think there's a strong desire from both sides to see if we can wrap this up or move on.BARTIROMO: Wrap this up by when?MNUCHIN: Again, I think kind of we hope within the next two rounds of -- in China and in D.C. -- to be at the point where we can either recommend to the President we have a deal or make a recommendation that we don't.BARTIROMO: What's most important to you? Is it most important that China opens up its markets to American companies? Is it more important that they not steal IP, forced transfer of technology? Or that they buy more stuff from the United States or that they stop espionage?MNUCHIN: Well Maria -- I think the most important issue is that we have a rebalanced economic relationship. The U.S. has been completely open to them for investment and for goods. We want to have a reciprocal trading relationship.And if we can do that, that's a tremendous opportunity for U.S. workers, for U.S. companies to sell into a large, growing China middle class. So if we can get this right, this will completely rebalance the economic relationship and be a great opportunity for the U.S. economy.And there's seven different chapters. So it's not one or two issues. We have talked about forced technology transfer, intellectual property, those are very important issues. But agriculture is very important to the President, making sure that farmers are treated fairly. Financial services, currency enforcement, there are major provisions in this agreement.BARTIROMO: Are they going to stop stealing IP from America?MNUCHIN: We would absolutely expect them to.BARTIROMO: So have you gotten the enforcement mechanism done? Is that agreed upon?MNUCHIN: The enforcement mechanism is close to done. So I would say that's one of the areas we've made a lot of progress. It needs a little bit of fine-tuning. But I would say, we have a fundamental understanding in that area.BARTIROMO: What can you say about China's economy and its impact on the U.S.?MNUCHIN: Well, there's no question that China is slowing. But again, I think that an opening of their economy and these reforms is a very important thing for their own growth and is not only good for the U.S., but will be good for them from a domestic standpoint as well.BARTIROMO: Is the President willing to remove all tariffs?MNUCHIN: Again, I'm not going to comment on the specifics of our negotiations and what the President may or may not be willing to do at a specific time.BARTIROMO: What about the espionage issue -- Secretary? Because there was a story in the "Journal" just the other day that basically says China is growing increasingly aggressive in spying on the United States and the "Journal" says "It has become Washington's single most important counter espionage priority. Is this part of the talks?MNUCHIN: Maria -- I sit on the National Security Council, so I have access to information I can't talk about. But I would just say those issues are separate from the trade and economic issues so those are not part of the discussions we're having over the next two weeks. But there are discussions going on between us and the Chinese government on many important issues.BARTIROMO: Well look, Huawei has been a big issue. The President has not been shy about telling us that if the Europeans, if Africa is using Huawei Telecom, then the U.S. will not share as much information with them. So clearly there has been he's espionage and trade secrets stolen.MNUCHIN: Well, the President is absolutely determined to make sure that our communication system is secure, and whether that's China or anyone else, you know, the President is going to make sure we build out the most advanced communication infrastructure in a very secure way.BARTIROMO: Let me ask you about Japan. The President was with Japanese Prime Minister Abe last week. Is he willing to consider putting tariffs on autos coming out of Japan?MNUCHIN: Well, Maria -- as you know, the President has us focused on trade issues across the board. So we made a lot of progress. We couldn't be more pleased with USMCA. We hope to see the Speaker bring that to the floor so we can get that passed.You know, we signed an agreement with South Korea. We're having conversations with Europe about trade issues. We're having conversations with China and yes, we are having conversations with Japan.So I met with the deputy prime minister on Thursday. We had a good discussion on trade and economic issues. Ambassador Lighthizer has a team that's leading these discussions and we want to make sure that our farmers are being treated fairly and that their markets are open for our agriculture and other issues.BARTIROMO: And the President was very clear, he doesn't want those tariffs or levies on U.S. agriculture and if they are remaining there, he would consider putting tariffs on autos coming out of Japan, right?MNUCHIN: I think the President's going to look at all his options. But he fundamentally wants to make sure we have balanced and reciprocal trading relationships. So as you know, we have a deficit with Japan as we do in other areas. And the President is just looking for fair and reciprocal access.BARTIROMO: So once China is completed, should we expect the President next attacks the Europeans in terms of a trade relationship and Japan? You said you're working on it right now.MNUCHIN: Well, Ambassador Lighthizer and his team, we have a big interagency team working on all these issues. And the President has us working on all of these simultaneously.BARTIROMO: That's incredible that you're working on all of these things together. You're in the middle of working on a deal with Japan and Europe as well as you also do China.MNUCHIN: That's true. The economic team meets with the President weekly to update him on the trade issues. He's briefed on all these issues. He gives us input and direction. And as you know, the President is determined to make sure we have fair and balanced trade and wants to see that across the board.BARTIROMO: The only thing is that even people who agree with all of your policies -- and it's hard not to agree. You've obviously moved the needle on economic growth. But the one thing that people say could actually change the momentum, reverse the vibrancy, are issues around trade. Do you worry that all of this conversation about the potential for tariffs on Japan, potential for increased tariffs on Europe in the face of China and all the other issues, is that going to slow down economic growth, reverse this?MNUCHIN: Well Maria -- as you know, for a long time many of these countries didn't want to have conversations about changing the trade relationship because as the President said, we were the piggy bank and the deals were fair -- not fair to us, they were advantageous to them.So the President is determined -- and tariffs have been a big part of getting people to the negotiating table. But the President's objective is to make sure we have fair and balanced trade.(END VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: More of that exclusive interview coming up. We'll be right back.BARTIROMO: Welcome back.Earnings season is shifting into high gear this week -- huge week.Cheryl Casone with the details and headlines now -- Cheryl.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: I'm glad you said it like that -- Maria, huge. It is huge. We are waiting results from five Dow components this week -- Apple, Merck, Pfizer, McDonald's. And then Dow also going to post all of their results all this week. And we're going to hear from nearly one-third of S&P 500 companies, including Google's parent Alphabet, we've got General Electric and General Motors.Now, Alphabet's results are going to be out after the bell today -- the parent of Google. That's going to be interesting. And then there's more, key economic news coming out this week. You've got the Case-Shiller Home Prices report that's out tomorrow. The Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates, that's Wednesday with a press conference and the April jobs report which you'll be covering of course, will be on Friday. Get ready.Ok. Now, let's talk about Boeing. They're bracing for a pretty stormy annual meeting today. The company's CEO is facing shareholders for the first time since two deadly crashes of the 737 max Jet. Now Boeing reportedly did not tell airlines it had deactivated a safety feature that warns the pilots about faulty sensors until after the Lion Air crash in October. Then they started to share the information.That safety feature was used on earlier models of the popular plane, so some of the manuals the airlines were using were actually wrong. Boeing also apparently failed to notify the FAA about the change.Big day for Boeing today. The stock down about half a percent in the premarket.Staying with airlines. United Airlines reportedly covering built-in cameras on certain seatback in-flight entertainment screens. A United spokesperson telling BuzzFeed the cameras that were on some premium seats were never activated. The company has no plans to use them. The decision coming after passengers began to notice the built-in cameras and they raised privacy concerns to United as well as notifying Singapore Airlines about those cameras.Finally there is this. Massachusetts' last coal-fired power plant is now rubble.There it went. The plant had burned coal since 1963. It closed in 2017. They new owners of the property plan to replace it with a facility that supports, Maria -- offshore wind farms. So, you know, things are changing. There you go. Back to you.BARTIROMO: wow. Yes. That is amazing. What a picture. And that is really a sign of the times.Thank you so much -- Cheryl.Backlash from William Barr. The attorney general threatening not to testify this upcoming week before House and Senate Committees. This week is planned that he will testify but now there's some pushback.Then the battle at the border. I spoke exclusively with the President on immigration -- next.BARTIROMO: Welcome back.President Trump defending himself against allegations of obstruction of justice from Judge Andrew Napolitano. The judge questioning the President's action before and after the Mueller report release.The President wrote in a pair of tweets over the weekend about Judge Napolitano, saying this, "Thank you to brilliant and highly-respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of Judge Andrew Napolitano. Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court and I said no, he has been very hostile. Also asked for a pardon for his friend, a good pal of low ratings Shepard Smith."Joining us right now is Fox News senior judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano to respond to all of this. Judge -- good to see you this morning.JUDGE ANDREW NAPOLITANO, FOX NEWS SENIOR JUDICIAL ANALYST: Good morning.If this is the way you treat your friends, how do you treat your enemies? Oh boy.BARTIROMO: What happened? Did you ask him to put you on Supreme Court?NAPOLITANO: No.BARTIROMO: Did you ask him to pardon a friend?NAPOLITANO: He and I spoke for about three hours in two 90-minute meetings. This is when he was the President-elect, about the type of person that should replace Justice Scalia. And in the process of my describing that person and the person I was describing was then Judge Neil Gorsuch, he looked to me and said sounds like you're describing yourself. I said no, no, I'm not describing myself. I'm describing Neil Gorsuch because you have this list of people from which you want to choose and Judge Gorsuch is the person that I think most of your advisers are going to point to.This is early on in the process. He said all right, give me a spiel as to why I should put you on. Now who would turn that down I gave him the spiel, so-to-speak. And somebody else in the room said, you know, that's pretty interesting. The judge is a little long in the tooth to which the President said "blank you" to the person who said the judge is long in the tooth. I'm four years older than the judge and I'm about to become president.It was that kind of conversation. So I thought the President --BARTIROMO: And you don't expect the President -- you don't expect the President to reveal it all. But that seems like that's what he was doing, even with the pardon situations as well.NAPOLITANO: Yes. You know, the pardon that he and I discussed is of a mutual friend of his and mine and he asked me to tell me what the person was convicted of and if I thought that the conviction was just. I described what the person was convicted of. I described that it was just. The President used a very strong term to condemn the conviction. And he said you know this person as well as I do. Call this person up and tell this person he's going to be on the list of pardons that I will seriously consider. That was the extent of that conversation.BARTIROMO: Unbelievable.NAPOLITANO: Look, I thought the President's comments were brilliant. He wanted to divert attention from what Mueller had said about him and what I had commented about Mueller to his relationship with me. His relationship with me is not the story. He and I have been friends for 30 years and probably will be for the next 30 years.BARTIROMO: So let me ask about the Mueller story because Attorney General William Barr seems to be threatening that he's going to skip this hearing on the Justice Department's handling of the Russia investigation if lawmakers go through with a plan to let staff lawyers question him. Democrats are threatening a subpoena if Barr does not appear.But you know, he's going willingly. He doesn't have to go and now they're saying that they're not even going to be there. They're going to have staff question him. What do you think?NAPOLITANO: Well, I think they would be there. But it would be kind of demeaning to have staff questioning the attorney general.So there's two arguments here. One is, this is the Congress' hearing and he can't tell them how to run it. The other is it's highly unusual and even improper to have persons other than elected public officials interrogating the attorney general.Prediction? They'll work something out. The interest in this testimony is so great, they will find a way to make it happen and we'll be watching on Thursday.BARTIROMO: Yes. All right -- Judge. Thank you so much.NAPOLITANO: Pleasure.BARTIROMO: Judge Andrew Napolitano. Great to see you sir. Appreciate that.Quick break and then the border crisis. More on my visit to the southern border in El Paso, Texas yesterday. I got an up close look at how agents are working to secure the border. I spoke exclusively with President Trump during the day. His take -- coming up.Then there's this, Mark Zuckerberg's newest invention made for his wife. We'll take a look.Stay with us.ANNOUNCER: Here again is Maria Bartiromo with a special edition of MORNINGS WITH MARIA live from Los Angeles at the Milken Institute Global Conference .BARTIROMO: Welcome back. We are covering the battle at the border, part two of my exclusive interview coming up with President Trump about the growing crisis that I had a chance to witness firsthand yesterday at the border in El Paso. The president also spoke about the potential upcoming testimony of Attorney General William Barr and the pending USMCA deal. We begin with the border.(BEGIN VIDEO TAPE)DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (via telephone): Now what's happening though is the economy is so good, you know, it's probably the best economy. You report it's one of the best economies that we've ever had. Would you say that's right?BARTIROMO: Yes, absolutely. That 3.2 percent number obviously showed strength in the consumer as well as strength in the corporate sector because CapEx was so strong. But Beto O'Rourke, the strongest town where I am right now Mr. President helped El Paso.TRUMP: Right. And because of that -- but Maria, because of that people see that, they're very smart. And it's the cartels, the coyotes, you wouldn't believe these people, they're tough and they're vicious, and they're smart, and they're street smart and cunning and they know the system better than the people that wrote it. They know the system a hell of a lot better than the people in Congress that wrote it. The people in Congress have no clue.And you know, look, we have some great Republicans that are dying to get this done. They'll do anything to get it done. It's so simple. I mean, we change four or five rules and we have to change the asylum rules.You know, the people come up asylum -- these rough gang members come up and they stand there like little innocent lambs next to a lawyer that they have who they pick up. I don't know, I guess these lawyers get paid by the -- by the dozen. And they stand there and they read a statement that the lawyer hands them. This is great danger, I am afraid for my life, I am afraid for my country and being in my country and they say oh, that's wonderful.Then you look at the guy and you wouldn't want to fight him. OK, this guy is not afraid of anything. And you see pictures of him coming up that he's carrying a flag from Honduras or Guatemala or El Salvador.BARTIROMO: That's right. Yes, we run into a lot of people --TRUMP: You know, it's crazy. So you see them waving the flag proudly and then they say they're afraid to be in their country. It's just a con game.BARTIROMO: Yes. Well, let me tell you Mr. President, I know you have to run, but you know, all of the 2020 contenders who want to run against you in 2020, you haven't heard a peep out of them about this. Beto O'Rourke is from El Paso. I don't know what he's done about this problem. And then of course, you've got Bernie and now you've got Joe Biden. They're not characterizing this as a crisis, sir.TRUMP: So Beto O'Rourke wants to take down the walls. That means he's finished. I mean, he was finished two weeks ago when he started saying certain very stupid things. Beto O'Rourke has been exposed. I think Biden has been exposed. I don't know what the hell happened to Biden. I never saw that before. I don't know. It just doesn't look like the same Biden. I said is that really Joe Biden? He doesn't look the same to me. I've known him for a long time. I've seen him for a long time. I said what happened to him. So he's been exposed because he's very weak, he doesn't want to talk about this. No, but they don't want to talk about this.I don't -- I don't get what their plan is. Do they they want to let people in that shouldn't be here? Because we have people that are trying to get in that shouldn't be here. Think of the word apprehend. The border security is apprehending 100,000 people a month. Do you know how many people that is? It's incredible, the job they do.The problem is with the laws, we should be able to take them right out. We can't. We have to bring them into a court. Who ever heard of that?BARTIROMO: I know, yes.TRUMP: We're the only country in the world, not that I know of that has a court system and it's a -- it's a mobile court system. I mean, it is on the border and with all of these cases, 900,000 cases, you'd need to do 900 -- you'd need 100,000 lawyers. I mean, it's the craziest thing you've ever seen. So, we are doing a job.BARTIROMO: It really is and the border patrol --TRUMP: What we're really focused on is the bad ones. We won't let the bad ones in under any circumstances. We're keeping track of everybody. So when the laws change, we can move them back out and bring them back to their countries. So we have a very good system of keeping track. When the law is change.Because right now, we move them out, the border patrol people would get arrested. I don't know where these people come from, Maria.BARTIROMO: Mr. President, I know you have to go.TRUMP: But I'll tell you, it wasn't my neighborhood. These have no common sense.BARTIROMO: Final question Mr. President.TRUMP: Unless -- honestly, unless they hate the country. The only thing I can say is, they hate our country. That's how stupid these laws are. There's only a person that hates our country could have approve this stuff.BARTIROMO: Oh my God. And the whole -- the whole world loves it. They're trying to get in, in record numbers. Mr. President, before you go, real quick, William Barr testifying next week --TRUMP: You know, people see this and they say hey, maybe -- they start learning and then they get -- you know, they get educated very quickly and you know who educates them? The cartels. And then the cartels say we want $5,000 and we'll bring you up and then the women are getting raped on the trip.BARTIROMO: That's right.TRUMP: The trip is brutal. The trip through Mexico.BARTIROMO: It's very dangerous.TRUMP: And they should do much better by the way, in stopping the people. They're not doing anything, they're doing very little for us. They should do much more. They've done more for us under me than they ever have before. But they should do much more.They took 15,000 people out recently. But that's nothing compared to the number of people that walk. And I said, I'm going to close the border if you don't start shaping up. But Mexico is doing a terrible job.BARTIROMO: I mean, you can't close the border though right before USMCA gets ratified though, right? I mean, you're waiting on its ratification of USMCA.TRUMP: I'll do anything I have to, because this to me is more important than USMCA.BARTIROMO: Mr. President, I know you have to run. Real quick, William Barr testifies next week. What's the most important question you think he should be asked, if he - if he shows up for the testimony next week, this upcoming week?TRUMP: I think the most important question for our great new attorney general -- he's done a great job in a short period of time. I think it's just to -- how did this start, how could a thing like this happen to our country. It was a big con job. How could -- you know, top people at the FBI be so corrupt and be so rotten and why did everybody let it start?Now, It was very interesting. I watched different people this week and everybody wants to know not about -- you know, where it came from, how did this start? Why did we come up with Bruce Ohr?BARTIROMO: Yes, what was the predicate?TRUMP: Why did we come up with a Comey who was corrupt? Why did McCabe and all of these people exist? I mean, McCabe whose wife got $700,000 from Hillary Clinton's PAC and she's under investigation by the -- by the FBI. No wonder she -- now wonder they let her go for so many -- so many violations. So many crimes committed. Hard to believe, actually. I mean, it's shocking.BARTIROMO: Yes, it's all -- it's all quite extraordinary. It's all quite extraordinary.TRUMP: And this was really a coup attempt, it didn't worked, we caught them. But now, everybody wants people to go out and find out what the hell happened, where did all of this corruption start, when you have Strzok and Page?BARTIROMO: Well, certainly our viewers want to know.TRUMP: The lovers we call them.BARTIROMO: Yes, our viewers want to know that.TRUMP: Say we wanted insurance policy --BARTIROMO: Mr. President, thank you so much.TRUMP: -- just in case Hillary Clinton loses, we want an insurance policy, well, we can get Trump out. Well, it didn't work so well. But I'll tell you what, it really hurt our country and it hurts our country and this is cleaning out the deep state. This is really cleaning the swamp and we've gotten rid of 22 people at the very top. These people are corrupt.And then you look at a guy like Brennan with his big mouth and you look at Clapper who is a dummy and yet he was in Intelligence. He's a dumb guy. They lied and they lied to Congress. Clapper lied so badly it's incredible, to Congress. And then they get paid by CNN.BARTIROMO: Yes, and we have that resume.TRUMP: Fake news CNN, they go and they make more money than they've ever seen before, although they probably may possibly they made a lot more than that. We just don't know about it. I mean, something had to go on, but it's a disgrace.Everyone wants to know, Maria, and you might be number one on the list, I watch your show, you're incredible. You may be number one on the list.BARTIROMO: Thank you.TRUMP: Everybody wants to know how did it start, why did it start, what about the dossier?BARTIROMO: Well, we want to know.TRUMP: How much did Hillary Clinton pay for the dossier? You know she paid for it. And the DNC paid for it.BARTIROMO: I think it was a million dollars.TRUMP: This guy Steele is a total fraud.BARTIROMO: I think it was a million dollars.TRUMP: So, you know, everybody wants to know about it. And that's really -- hopefully they'll being going there.BARTIROMO: Mr. President, thank you so much for calling in this morning, I so appreciate it. I know you have a busy day. Thank you, sir.TRUMP: Thank you very much, Maria.(END VIDEO TAPE)BARTIROMO: Coming up right here next up, booming real estate, how Marriott is now gearing up to become the first major hotel chain to create a home rental platform, they're going right after Airbnb.And then Mark Zuckerberg's new invention, the Facebook head creates a device to help his wife get a better night sleep. We're taking a look at that. We all need it. Back in a minute.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. We're watching earnings this morning, also want to point out that J.P. Morgan is upgrading the banks this morning. We'll check the bank stocks coming up.Then there's this, a major recall affecting rocking baby sleepers, Cheryl Casone with those details in headlines now, Cheryl.CASONE: That's right, Maria. Kids II is recalling nearly 700,000 rocking sleepers after five infants died over the past seven years. The affected products have been sold since 2012 at Wal-Mart, Target and other stores. The Consumer Products Safety Commission says anyone who has the Kids II sleeper should stop using it. The recall comes two weeks after Fisher Price recalled about five million of its sleepers after more than 30 deaths over a decade.All right, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg showing off an invention that he made to help his wife sleep. It's a glowing device called the sleep box. It emits a faint light between 06:00 a.m. and 07:00 a.m., so Mrs. Zuckerberg knows the couples, two toddlers, two daughters are about to wake up without having to check her phone. Zuckerberg says if anybody wants to develop his invention further, go for it.All right, if you like your cup of Joe with a kick, Skyy Vodka is introducing a Cold Brew Coffee flavored vodka, it's made with real coffee beans. But it's still 70 proof, folks. A liter will set you back $17.00 bottles are only available for a limited time.And finally, I'm going to go from vodka to slime. Nickelodeon turning its signature green goo into something sweet. Wal-Mart is exclusively carrying Nickelodeon Slime Ice Cream, Maria. It's available in other vanilla ice cream cups roll with green frosting or orange, lemon lime frozen bars. I'll work on getting some for us on set.BARTIROMO: Oh, good. Well, we'll have to -- we'll have to see that one. When I'm back in New York, I've got to see those slime -- those slime bars. Thank you, Cheryl.CASONE: You bet.BARTIROMO: We want to talk China and trade with Canada and Mexico. There is some question this morning, an article in the Journal, about the pushback the Democrats are giving the president on his USMCA and of course Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury Secretary is on his way to China this morning to begin another round of trade talks.Curtis Chin is with us this morning from the Milken Institute. Tell us about the China Silk Road strategy and where China is going with this. How the U.S. gets impacted?CHIN: Sure. Terrifically, there's so much happening this week. But one thing that happened this weekend was China's second One Belt One Road or new Silk Road initiative. It's only their plan really to help with infrastructure investments throughout the region, very positive. But maybe the negative rr they're really trying to lock in perhaps unfair relationships with trading partners from Europe to Africa, to Asia. Recreating that old Silk Road.BARTIROMO: The president's not going to allow that. He's going to keep pushing back on China to get a deal. Do you expect a deal will in fact address some of the more important issues like the I.P. theft, like the transfer of technology?CHIN: That's a separate issue than the One Belt One Road conference. We're very clear -- you know, we're all hopeful for a trade deal. but I think as what happened -- as what happened between the U.S. and North Korea so far, if it's a bad deal, America will walk away.You know, the U.S. Economy, amazing, what, 3.2 percent. The U.S. is really -- economy is firing on all cylinders. And that works to Secretary Mnuchin's advantage as they try and rebalance this relationship with China.BARTIROMO: That's a really good point. Yes, the leverage is when you've got a strong economy.Mitch Roschelle, Lauren Simonetti in New York this morning. This article in the Journal about USMCA, we've been saying this for upwards of a year that the Democrats are pushing back on this but this would be a huge blow to markets, Lauren, if in fact the USMCA is not ratified.SIMONETTI: I know and Democrats want labor laws changed in Mexico, particularly, in order for them to ratify this. But in the same Wall Street Journal over the weekend, Chuck Grassley wrote an op-ed. And he said essentially, look, if you want this deal to go through, you've got to take the tariffs off because the tariffs are a tax. I'm a farmer, my family's a farmer, my constituents are farmers and it hurts us.BARTIROMO: Yes, that's absolutely right. Mitch, your reaction to that, he wants those steel and aluminum tariffs removed from Mexico and Canada.ROSCHELLE: You know, I think sort of bridging this stories together, the thing that's interesting is as Secretary Mnuchin goes to China is the Chinese could look at what's going on with USMCA and saying wow, we're negotiating in good faith but if the Congress is going to be obstreperous and not want to play ball here, why should we bother right now? So, I wonder if they're very focused on our legislative process and going to say they've got an election coming up, they've got unfriendly Congress, maybe they don't want to be in a hurry to make a deal. So I don't know if that's part of the calculus on their part.BARTIROMO: That's a great point. Yes, I don't think they're missing a lot, that's for sure.We'll take a short break. When we come back, the booming real estate market, Marriott is now gearing up to become the first major hotel chain to create a home rental platform. They're going targeting right to Airbnb. My next guest will be speak here at Milken later today about just that. Stay with us.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Real estate in focus, industry leaders set to speak here at the Milken Conference later today, weighing in on the global economy, the impact on the retail, commercial and industrial real estate industries, this as Marriott International is looking to get into the home rental business, setting up direct competition with Airbnb.Joining me right now is Cain International CEO, Jonathan Goldstein. Jonathan, it's great to see you. Thank you so much for joining us.JONATHAN GOLDSTEIN, CEO, CAIN INTERNATIONAL: Good morning.BARTIROMO: So, I guess some of these traditional hotel companies have seen the success that Airbnb has and they're saying I want a piece of that market share.GOLDSTEIN: Well, I think that's right. I think over the years the hotel companies have moved very much into asset light models and now they're looking for all alternative ways they can generate revenue. And what you're seeing around the world is you're seeing the modern traveler is looking for modern ways to solve their solutions and provide ways in which they can enjoy themselves in overseas cities. I think that's a global phenomenon. I think it's going to continue growing. We're seeing it in London, we're seeing it in New York, we're seeing it in Miami. So I think we're seeing growth across the sector in all areas.BARTIROMO: How would Marriott do it? I mean, you know, Marriott has hotels. Would they acquire homes and then rent them out? Do you know what the strategy is?GOLDSTEIN: I would think -- I would think they would go into the world of getting people to sign up on their website and therefore creating the income by creating an income stream rather than the assets. They've stayed -- they've stayed away from the asset heavy model for some -- for some years now. And I doubt they're going back there.BARTIROMO: Yes, this market is booming right now, isn't it?GOLDSTEIN: It is -- it is. And I think -- we have a service department offering in eastern to the north London delivering hundred units this week. We have an opportunity at Mayfair, we have opportunities in Miami. We're seeing opportunities across the space, where alternative uses for property to meet the needs of the consumer in the 21st century. We've got a co- working space for women opening in more else place, in L.A. And of course on this site here we own -- you know, (INAUDIBLE) Beverly Hilton South where we are fortunate to be this morning where we've got a million square feet we're developing for downtown Beverly Hills.BARTIROMO: But Jonathan, we know that the global economy is slowing. Europe is lucky to generate one percent growth this year. China has come off of the highs of the year. How is that impacting real estate right now? Are you expecting this market to slow down?GOLDSTEIN: No, I think the world is seeing a slowdown. I think it's very important as well that people recalibrate their expectations for returns. We live in a very low interest rate environment, we've enjoyed that for over 10 years now.So I think what was a 20 percent return, people now have to understand and expect that that's in the low teens. People have to understand their construction, they have to understand their offering. But most importantly, they have to understand the needs of the modern consumer. If they understand what people want, then they have an opportunity of meeting their needs.BARTIROMO: That's a great point.Let me switch gears, ask you about the U.K.'s potential exit from the European Union, being in London you have British and global real estate getting an impact there as well. Do you expect the U.K. to leave the E.U. number one, and number two, how will this impact real estate?GOLDSTEIN: My children will tell you, I've got every political prediction wrong in the last three years.BARTIROMO: Oh, no, OK.GOLDSTEIN: I'm not going to say it today and make a prediction.BARTIROMO: Not good.GOLDSTEIN: What I will tell you is that the short-term uncertainty in Britain is chaotic. It's a farce to upper cool class there have been unable to find the solution to move forward from the vote in 2016. And I don't really see in the short-term an opportunity for that happening unless in the most extreme and unlikely situation that a conservative party led by Theresa May finds a resolution with the most left-leaning labor party in a generation.So, I think that we've got a situation of chaos and farce. But I think we need to distinguish between the short-term and the long-term. In the long- term, you can bet on London, you can bet on the United Kingdom, we'll be OK. Thank you very much.BARTIROMO: All right, we will leave it there. Jonathan, it's great to have you. Thank you so much.GOLDSTEIN: Thank you.BARTIROMO: Jonathan Goldstein joining us there.Quick break and then more of my exclusive sit-down interview with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. That's next. We're talking USMCA, next.Load-Date: April 29, 2019End of Document

Americans teach English to Chinese kids, from homeUSA TODAYJune 11, 2019 TuesdayA CHASE EDITIONCopyright 2019 Gannett Company, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: MONEY; Pg. 1BLength: 950 wordsByline: Yan Zhang, USA TODAYBodyEvery morning at 5 a.m., Autmn Fletcher walks into her home office in Monmouth, Illinois, and switches on her laptop, just in time to teach English to Chinese children arriving home after school in Beijing."Elephant!" the child says through the computer screen, prompted by a hand puppet that Fletcher displays to a web camera."E-le-phan-t," Fletcher responds, correcting the pronunciation. Sometimes, she uses a whiteboard and flashcards to make her point.Fletcher, 31, a mother of three, has worked as an online English tutor for five months, teaching Chinese students who are mostly 5 to 11 years old. Using her laptop, headphones and web camera, she teaches basic English grammar, the idioms of daily conversation and songs. In March, she worked up to 30 hours a week, earning $2,100 in this small town in western Illinois.Tens of thousands of Americans are teaching English remotely, connecting to a massive Chinese population eager to learn the language, and aided by advances in global communication technology and huge investments in Chinese online education companies. Proponents say tutoring can offer meaningful work from home in rural communities far from major job markets. Many such towns have lost residents and jobs in recent years.The trend also is adding an international flavor to a U.S. gig economy that has seen a growing number of Americans juggling freelance and contract jobs, often from home.There are about 100 Chinese-based online education companies, estimates Quincy Smith, founder of ESL (English as Second Language) Authority, an online teaching job board. And the firms are always hiring English teachers, making online tutor among  the most common U.S. jobs workers can perform remotely, according to FlexJobs, a job search site specializing remote, part-time, freelance and flexible positions.VIPKid, which employs Fletcher, had just 10 teachers and a handful of students when it was founded in 2013. It's now one of the largest China-based online English tutoring platforms, with around 70,000 teachers in the U.S. and Canada, up from 20,000 in 2017, and 600,000 students online, mostly in China, up from 200,000.Teachers are required to be native English speakers, hold a bachelor's degree and live in the U.S. Working experience with children is a plus. Average pay is  $12 to $20 an hour, with most teachers starting at around $14 an hour, Smith says. Each tutoring session lasts 30 minutes.Most of the online teachers are independent contractors, which usually means they don't get health coverage or 401(k) plans."The online tutoring jobs are particularly well suited for college-educated Americans looking for jobs with lower barriers to entry," says Sara Sutton, founder and CEO of FlexJobs. It also is "a really compelling option for people who live in rural areas, have long commutes or places with less economic opportunity," Sutton adds.The number of remote job postings in the education field in FlexJobs' database jumped 37% between 2015 and 2018.Before she started tutoring, Fletcher worked in sales and marketing and endured more than an hour-long commute. "I spent countless hours away from my family, and my son was constantly getting sick from being in day care."Then she was in a bad car accident nine months ago. As she lay in a hospital bed with 13 shattered bones, wondering  if she'd ever walk again, Fletcher thought: What would she do for a living?She noticed on Facebook that a friend was tutoring Chinese kids in English online, and it piqued her interest. She applied for the job and, aided by a walker, went to an interview and training session last December in Chicago.Fletcher earns about $18 per hour and  can choose to be paid monthly or bimonthly through PayPal or a bank transfer. The job helps reduce or eliminate expenses related to commuting, buying work clothes, child care and other costs. Fletcher works until 9 a.m., then plays with her kids."I am now able to put my family first and still have a rewarding career," she says.She says the job has helped her  provide for her family and recover from the accident.The online tutoring companies, meanwhile, are highly profitable.  Chinese students pay what amounts to $49 to $80 an hour for the classes, significantly above the $12 to $20 tutor wages.VIPKid is valued at more than $3 billion, according to a Forbes report in March, and has well-known investors including Kobe Bryant.51Talk, another leading Chinese online education company, has  14,800 English teachers in North America and other English-speaking countries. Bling ABC, launched by New Oriental , a large private educational company in China, attracts over 1,000 American applicants a month for its online tutoring jobs.Countries such as South Korea, Japan and Russia also have strong demand for online English tutoring, but "China remains the biggest market," Smith says. His company, ESL Authority, lists 100 to 300 tutoring openings each month.Several trends are driving China's voracious  demand for tutors. More than 17 million babies have been born in China each year since the government began allowing two children per household in 2016, up from one child.  "Chinese parents remain enthusiastic about English language acquisition and the monotonous public education couldn't satisfy their diverse demands," says Jianglu Wang, a scholar of educational financing in Beijing.At the same time, the Chinese government has invested $182 billion since 2015 to boost internet speeds.  From 2015 to 2017, broadband subscriptions in China increased to 394.2 billion from 277 billion,according to the World Bank.Online tutoring also has been boosted by a 2016 law allowing private investment in the education industry. Load-Date: June 11, 2019End of Document

Microsoft accused of being 'complicit' in persecution of 1 million Muslims after helping China develop sinister AI capabilitiesBusiness Insider USApril 11, 2019 Thursday 06:21 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 863 wordsByline: ama@businessinsider.com,  (Alexandra Ma)Highlight: Microsoft researchers produced three research papers on AI and facial analysis with a Chinese military-run university last year.Body• Microsoft researchers produced three research papers on AI and facial analysis with a Chinese military-run university last year, the Financial Times reported on Wednesday.• US politicians have slammed the partnership with Sen. Marco Rubio describing it as "deeply disturbing" and "an act that makes them complicit" in China's human rights abuses• Critics say China can easily use the research to monitor and suppress citizens' rights.• Beijing has long touted its facial recognition technology around the country. In the western region of Xinjiang, authorities have used such technology to track and detain its Muslim minority.• Microsoft has defended its partnership with the Chinese military, saying its help "advance our understanding of technology."• Visit BusinessInsider.com for more stories.US politicians slammed Microsoft for partnering with a Chinese military university on AI research that experts say could be used in Beijing's unprecedented persecution of its Muslim minority, with one prominent senator calling the partnership "deeply disturbing," and accusing Microsoft of being "complicit" in Chinese human rights abuses.Microsoft Research Asia, the tech company's Beijing-based research arm, and researchers linked to the Chinese military-run National University of Defense Technology co-wrote three papers between March and November last year, the Financial Times reported on Wednesday.One of the papers detailed new methods to recreate environmental maps - a way to approximate the appearance of an object using reflections, also known as reflection mapping - by analyzing human faces, the FT reported.Experts and politicians have slammed Microsoft's collaboration with China, saying that Beijing can easily use the research to monitor and suppress citizens' rights.Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, one of the US government's most vocal China critics, described Microsoft's partnership with the Chinese military as "deeply disturbing" and "an act that makes them complicit" in China's human rights abuses.Jason Lee/ReutersBeijing has long touted its facial recognition technology, and has already installed millions of facial recognition cameras around the country to watch over its citizens.The country has also treated the western frontier region of Xinjiang, which is home to more than 11 million Uighurs - a majority-Muslim ethnic minority - as a sort of laboratory for its technology capabilities.Authorities believe the Uighurs pose a terrorist threat. They have plastered the region with tens of millions of facial recognition cameras, ordered tech companies to spy on the phones of Uighurs, and forbidden citizens from contacting their relatives outside the country.Read more: Relatives of China's oppressed Muslim minority are getting blocked online by their own family members, who are terrified to even tell them how bad their lives areAnyone found acting or speaking in ways considered unsavory to the Communist Party is punished and detained. China is accused of detaining at least 1 million Uighurs in prison-like camps.AP Photo/Ng Han Guan'An act that makes them complicit'Rubio told the FT: "It is deeply disturbing that an American company would be actively working with the Chinese military to further build up the government's surveillance network against its own people - an act that makes them complicit in aiding the Communist Chinese government's totalitarian censorship apparatus and egregious human rights abuses."Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas on Wednesday also told the FT: "American companies must recognise this threat and rethink their role in aiding China."Rubio and other bipartisan members of Congress have for months           pressed President Donald Trump's administration to impose sanctions on China and its use of US technology in Xinjiang.Read more: US residents are reportedly detained in China's prison-like detention camps for Muslims, where people have to pledge allegiance to Xi Jinping to get foodPablo Martinez Monsivais/AP; Fred Dufour/ReutersMicrosoft defends its work with ChinaMicrosoft defended its partnership with China's military, saying that its research projects "advance our understanding of technology.""Microsoft's researchers, who are often academics, conduct fundamental research with leading scholars and experts from around the world to advance our understanding of technology," a spokeswoman for the company told Business Insider in a statement."In each case, the research is guided by our principles, fully complies with US and local laws, and the research is published to ensure transparency so that everyone can benefit from our work."NOW WATCH: The US won't let Huawei, China's biggest smartphone maker, enter the US marketSee Also:• The 34 hottest video games you shouldn't miss in 2019• Dozens of female Microsoft employees claim they deal with shocking behavior at work: requests to sit on a coworker's lap, being called a 'b*tch'• One man with more than 20,000 video games was just declared the world record holder by Guinness - see his full collection right hereSEE ALSO: A wave of Islamic countries started to stand up to China over its persecution of its Muslim minority. But then they all got spooked.Load-Date: April 11, 2019End of Document

DHS warns of 'strong concerns' that Chinese-made drones are stealing dataCNN.comMay 20, 2019 Monday 1:28 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICSLength: 844 wordsByline: By David Shortell, CNNDateline: Washington BodyChinese-made drones may be sending sensitive flight data to their manufacturers in China, where it can be accessed by the government there, the US Department of Homeland Security warned in an alert issued Monday obtained by CNN.The drones are a "potential risk to an organization's information," the alert from DHS's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency states. The products "contain components that can compromise your data and share your information on a server accessed beyond the company itself."The report does not name any specific manufacturers, but nearly 80% of the drones used in the US and Canada come from DJI, which is headquartered in Shenzhen, China, according to one industry analysis. US local law enforcement organizations and infrastructure operators have grown to rely on drones in recent years."The United States government has strong concerns about any technology product that takes American data into the territory of an authoritarian state that permits its intelligence services to have unfettered access to that data or otherwise abuses that access," the alert says."Those concerns apply with equal force to certain Chinese-made (unmanned aircraft systems)-connected devices capable of collecting and transferring potentially revealing data about their operations and the individuals and entities operating them, as China imposes unusually stringent obligations on its citizens to support national intelligence activities," the alert adds.The warning from DHS follows an executive order signed by President Donald Trump last week that effectively banned US firms from using telecommunications equipment made by the Chinese company Huawei, which has drawn similar national security concerns of government spying.The US and China are currently locked in a trade war that has frayed the two countries' relationship as it deteriorated in recent weeks.US officials have raised national security concerns about Chinese-made drones in the past. In 2017, the US Army issued a ban the use of DJI drones, alleging in a memo that the company shared critical infrastructure and law enforcement data with the Chinese government.Also that year, an internal report from an intelligence division of the Immigrations and Customs Enforcement agency in Los Angeles assessed that DJI was "selectively targeting government and privately owned entities within (the US. critical infrastructure and law enforcement sectors) to expand its ability to collect and exploit sensitive US data."Users are warned to "be cautious when purchasing" drones from China, and to take precautionary steps like turning off the device's internet connection and removing secure digital cards.The alert also warns users to "understand how to properly operate and limit your device's access to networks" to avoid "theft of information.""Organizations that conduct operations impacting national security or the Nation's critical functions must remain especially vigilant as they may be at greater risk of espionage and theft of proprietary information," the alert states.In a statement, DJI said that it gives customers "full and complete control over how their data is collected, stored, and transmitted," adding that "customers can enable all the precautions DHS recommends.""At DJI, safety is at the core of everything we do, and the security of our technology has been independently verified by the U.S. government and leading U.S. businesses," DJI said."For government and critical infrastructure customers that require additional assurances, we provide drones that do not transfer data to DJI or via the internet, and our customers can enable all the precautions DHS recommends. Every day, American businesses, first responders, and U.S. government agencies trust DJI drones to help save lives, promote worker safety, and support vital operations, and we take that responsibility very seriously," DJI said.DJI, which reported $2.7 billion in revenue in 2017, is best known for its popular Phantom drone. Introduced in 2013, the drone is the top-selling commercial drone on the market.Seventy-nine percent of drones operating in the US and Canada and 74% globally are made by DJI, according to a 2018 market sector report from Skylogic Research, an industry analyst.Industry experts say the drone's easy-to-use software combined with sophisticated cameras and advanced technology allowed DJI to take over sales in the US for hobbyists, as well as professional organizations."A lot of companies found out that using a drone to inspect a roof or to inspect industrial facilities is a really good way -- you save a lot of people climbing ladders," said Kay Wackwitz, the CEO of Drone Industry Insight, a market research and consultancy company focused on the commercial drone market.Agencies from local police departments to the Interior Department have used drones for sensitive work. According to the 2017 ICE memo, contractors in Kansas building a DHS bio-defense facility used a DJI drone "to assist with construction layout and provide security during construction."Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

DHS warns of 'strong concerns' that Chinese-made drones are stealing dataCNN WireMay 20, 2019 Monday 5:28 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 862 wordsByline: By David Shortell, CNNDateline: WASHINGTON (CNN) BodyWASHINGTON (CNN) --  Chinese-made drones may be sending sensitive flight data to their manufacturers in China, where it can be accessed by the government there, the US Department of Homeland Security warned in an alert issued Monday obtained by CNN. The drones are a "potential risk to an organization's information," the alert from DHS's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency states. The products "contain components that can compromise your data and share your information on a server accessed beyond the company itself."The report does not name any specific manufacturers, but nearly 80% of the drones used in the US and Canada come from DJI, which is headquartered in Shenzhen, China, according to one industry analysis. US local law enforcement organizations and infrastructure operators have grown to rely on drones in recent years. "The United States government has strong concerns about any technology product that takes American data into the territory of an authoritarian state that permits its intelligence services to have unfettered access to that data or otherwise abuses that access," the alert says."Those concerns apply with equal force to certain Chinese-made (unmanned aircraft systems)-connected devices capable of collecting and transferring potentially revealing data about their operations and the individuals and entities operating them, as China imposes unusually stringent obligations on its citizens to support national intelligence activities," the alert adds.The warning from DHS follows an executive order signed by President Donald Trump last week that effectively banned US firms from using telecommunications equipment made by the Chinese company Huawei, which has drawn similar national security concerns of government spying.The US and China are currently locked in a trade war that has frayed the two countries' relationship as it deteriorated in recent weeks. US officials have raised national security concerns about Chinese-made drones in the past. In 2017, the US Army issued a ban the use of DJI drones, alleging in a memo that the company shared critical infrastructure and law enforcement data with the Chinese government.Also that year, an internal report from an intelligence division of the Immigrations and Customs Enforcement agency in Los Angeles assessed that DJI was "selectively targeting government and privately owned entities within (the US. critical infrastructure and law enforcement sectors) to expand its ability to collect and exploit sensitive US data."Users are warned to "be cautious when purchasing" drones from China, and to take precautionary steps like turning off the device's internet connection and removing secure digital cards. The alert also warns users to "understand how to properly operate and limit your device's access to networks" to avoid "theft of information.""Organizations that conduct operations impacting national security or the Nation's critical functions must remain especially vigilant as they may be at greater risk of espionage and theft of proprietary information," the alert states.In a statement, DJI said that it gives customers "full and complete control over how their data is collected, stored, and transmitted," adding that "customers can enable all the precautions DHS recommends.""At DJI, safety is at the core of everything we do, and the security of our technology has been independently verified by the U.S. government and leading U.S. businesses," DJI said."For government and critical infrastructure customers that require additional assurances, we provide drones that do not transfer data to DJI or via the internet, and our customers can enable all the precautions DHS recommends. Every day, American businesses, first responders, and U.S. government agencies trust DJI drones to help save lives, promote worker safety, and support vital operations, and we take that responsibility very seriously," DJI said.DJI, which reported $2.7 billion in revenue in 2017, is best known for its popular Phantom drone. Introduced in 2013, the drone is the top-selling commercial drone on the market.Seventy-nine percent of drones operating in the US and Canada and 74% globally are made by DJI, according to a 2018 market sector report from Skylogic Research, an industry analyst. Industry experts say the drone's easy-to-use software combined with sophisticated cameras and advanced technology allowed DJI to take over sales in the US for hobbyists, as well as professional organizations. "A lot of companies found out that using a drone to inspect a roof or to inspect industrial facilities is a really good way -- you save a lot of people climbing ladders," said Kay Wackwitz, the CEO of Drone Industry Insight, a market research and consultancy company focused on the commercial drone market.Agencies from local police departments to the Interior Department have used drones for sensitive work. According to the 2017 ICE memo, contractors in Kansas building a DHS bio-defense facility used a DJI drone "to assist with construction layout and provide security during construction." TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

NEW PLATFORM TO CHANNEL LESSONS FROM CHINA'S NEW SILK ROADStates News ServiceApril 30, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1114 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: Geneva, Switzerland BodyThe following information was released by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development:China's economic rise is a model developing countries can adapt for local application, using shared policy lessons and experiences.UNCTAD has brought to life an innovative platform to promote peer learning and capacity-building for better policy formulation. It draws on the lessons of China's grand global economic and infrastructure plan, the Belt and Road Initiative.The UNCTAD Belt and Road Initiative platform, named after the mammoth Chinese infrastructure project to connect over 125 countries, was launched on 28 April an international conference on sharing policy experiences under China's ambitious Belt and Road Initiative in the country's capital, Beijing.The conference was co-hosted by UNCTAD and the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation (CAITEC).China's vice-minister of commerce, Qian Keming, said the Belt and Road Initiative provides new opportunities to partner countries and new space for China's development.He underlined the importance of UNCTAD's platform, saying "China's experience could facilitate the development of other developing countries."The new platform is both an online space and a forum for meeting. It will focus on highlighting lessons in trade, foreign direct investment, finance and the digital economy.These topics were discussed at the conference which was held back-to-back with the Second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, and gathered policy makers and researchers from China and several partner countries participating in the Belt and Road Initiative.Richard Kozul-Wright, the director of UNCTAD's division on globalization and development strategies, said: "The Belt and Road Initiative is all about connectivity, including through infrastructure, trade, investment, financing, technology and people. It is also about creating connections through sharing knowledge and experiences."Mr. Kozul-Wright introduced the components, functions and objectives of the platform and urged all stakeholders to help build and contribute to it.The deputy director-general in the Chinese ministry of commerce, Liang Hong, commended the cooperation between China and UNCTAD."I sincerely hope UNCTAD's involvement in the Belt and Road Initiative will assist to address other developing countries' development needs through China's development dynamism," she said.Tapping China's dynamismThe Belt and Road Initiative has drawn major investment from the Chinese government and driven growth and interconnectedness.But it has been underpinned by a long-at-play internal strategy for growth. The gathering discussed these approaches in the context of support for the developing world's own development ambitions.Mr. Kozul-Wright highlighted the importance of understanding the Chinese integration experience in the global trading system since 1978 and stressed how trade and investment flow could play their role more effectively when connected to industrial policies.CAITEC's Zhang Jianping said the essence of the Belt and Road Initiative is expanding global value chains through trade and investment to boost shared development among all partner countries.Another CAITEC trade policy expert, Liang Ming, said though China has successfully been involved in global value chains, the current ones might generate challenges for developing countries.To overcome those challenges, Mr. Liang called for enhanced support to developing countries and small and medium-sized enterprises. He also stressed that regional value chains are essential to developing countries.Sang Baichuan, from the University of International Business and Economics (UIBE), identified three elements behind China's strategy for opening its economy in recent decades: adopting a gradual approach, learning from others to climb the development ladder and following international economic rules and practices.Meanwhile, Susiri Kumararatne, the former ambassador of Sri Lanka to the World Trade Organization, called for the creation of a dedicated research institution to help developing countries to strengthen their capacity to address new economic issues and challenges.Mobilizing resources through reformThree Chinese experts, Liang Yanfen from CAITEC, Cui Fan from UIBE, and Jiang Xiheng from China Center for International Knowledge of Development, also shared their understanding of the history of China's financial sector reform and what other countries could learn from it.The executive director of the Pakistani Sustainable Development Policy Institute, Abid Qaiyum Suleri, proposed points around which to build a China-Pakistan development partnership.Those points included a multi-level cooperative mechanism, policy coordination, financial reform and opening up, market mechanism, and innovative financial products.Mr. Kozul-Wright said UNCTAD's work on debt management and sustainability could contribute to China's efforts in designing a debt sustainability framework for cooperation under the Belt and Road Initiative.He advised governments to devise policies to encourage financial flows that directly improve productive capacity, rather than those that just maximize returns to shareholders.An innovative digital economyChina's digital leadership and rapid transformation through digitalized production processes was also a hot topic.Experts discussed the country's experience in the digital economy.Tsinghua University's Chen Yubo used a study on searching big data on the website Baidu.com to show how the digital transformation in China has progressed rapidly, particularly since 2017, even in the country's less-developed mid-west region.The Chinese Academy of Social Science's Li Xiaohua said the factors that underpinned the rapid development of the Chinese digital economy included low labor costs, large economic scale, advantages in the manufacturing sector, sound infrastructure, the late-mover advantage and an enabling policy environment.CAITEC's Zhang Li noted that though China had achieved great progress in digital economy development, it still faced some challenges like data privacy issues.Ms. Zhang said proposed negotiations on e-commerce under the WTO were unlikely to progress smoothly as the development status and needs of participating countries differ a lot. She added that the negotiations should address the problem of development inequality.UNCTAD's Wang Dawei said the UNCTAD Belt and Road Initiative platform had listed digital economy policies as one of six priorities.He invited Chinese research institutes to share their experiences to help enhance the digital economy in other developing countries.Load-Date: April 30, 2019End of Document

DIRECTOR ADDRESSES COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONSStates News ServiceApril 26, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 502 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the FBI:Wray Says China is Stealing Its Way Up the Economic Ladder'FBI Director Christopher Wray discusses the national security threat landscape during an interview with Council on Foreign Relations President Richard Haass on April 26, 2019 in Washington, D.C.FBI Director Christopher Wray called China's sweeping spying and hacking efforts a threat to U.S. economic and national security and said the FBI is working diligently to stay ahead of the diverse and evolving threats our country faces.In remarks today at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington, D.C., Wray described a threat landscape ranging from terrorism to cybercrime to espionage. He specifically called out the Chinese government, which is considered a major counterintelligence threat to the U.S. and other countries. The Chinese intelligence services strategically use every tool at their disposalincluding state-owned businesses, students, researchers, and ostensibly private companiesto systematically steal information and intellectual propertyChina has pioneered a societal approach to stealing innovation any way it can, from a wide array of businesses, universities, and organizations, Wray said.Wray said the FBI has China-related economic espionage investigations in nearly all of its 56 field offices and in nearly every industry.Put plainly, China seems determined to steal its way up the economic ladder, at our expense, Wray said.In recent months, the U.S. government charged Chinese tech giant Huawei with theft of trade secrets and other offenses. Chinese government-affiliated hackers have also been subjected to indictments in the U.S.Put plainly, China seems determined to steal its way up the economic ladder, at our expense.FBI Director Christopher WrayWray described the variety of resources that the FBI uses to thwart terrorists, spies, and criminals, such as multi-agency task forces, international legal attach offices, and rapid response teams. Partnerships, whether with other government agencies or the private sector, are key to carrying out the FBI's mission and something the FBI continues to strengthen. Wray said he meets with law enforcement, private sector, academic, and other FBI partners during his travels throughout the U.S.In our country, the vast majority of our critical infrastructure and intellectual property is of course in the hands of the private sector, Wray said. You own it, you run it, you're on the front lines. That's why it's so important for these lines of communication to be open.Wray also said the recent terrorist attacks in Sri Lanka are a reminder that terrorism remains a persistent danger, although smaller plots from homegrown violent extremists are also a threatone that is more challenging for law enforcement to thwart ahead of time.These are people moving from radicalization to attack in weeks, or even days, not years, Wray said. And they're doing it online and in encrypted messaging platforms, not in some camp or cave.Load-Date: April 27, 2019End of Document

Xi Jinping is determined to end all poverty in China by 2020. Can he do it?CNN WireApril 20, 2019 Saturday 12:50 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1609 wordsByline: By Ben Westcott and Serenitie Wang, CNNDateline: HONG KONG (CNN) BodyHONG KONG (CNN) --  In the small village of Gaibao, locals are filming short videos of their unspoiled and idyllic countryside on the Kwai streaming app.One clip shows four young women laughing as they grab fat fish out of the rice fields with their hands. In anotherthey don traditional outfits and stand next to an ox plowing a paddy field. "Do you all have a farm such as this?" the caption asks.Their short videos are a small part of a massive nationwide attempt to lift all of China's 1.4 billion people out of poverty by 2020 -- a goal which President Xi Jinping set in a speech in 2015.The Chinese government defines poverty as earning less than $416 (2,800 yuan) a year or around $1.10 a day -- a lower benchmark than the World Bank poverty line of $1.90 a day, or just under $700 a year.Beijing has dispatched about 775,000 party officials to drive the anti-poverty campaign. Many are going door-to-door to work out what the government can do to help. Those who fail in their missions to alleviate poverty could face career oblivion, according to state media. The idea to stream videos of the village came from Gaibao's chief poverty alleviation official, Wu Yusheng, and has helped the town, in the province of Guizhou, sell its organic produce online. Residents also receive virtual gifts from fans via the app, which they can exchange for cash. Wu, who arrived in the village in 2018, said he had already achieved his goal -- but it is unclear whether Xi will do the same. At worst, some experts fear the ruling Communist Party might just announce poverty has been eradicated, regardless of the reality, to avoid embarrassing Xi. "Local leaders are taking it extremely seriously, almost in a panicky way. Part of the problem is that they don't know really what to do, so they're kind of grasping at different solutions," said John Donaldson, a poverty expert and associate professor at Singapore Management University. "They're throwing everything at it."The campaign against povertyThe dream of eradicating widespread poverty in China didn't begin with Xi. It dates back to the Communist Party's rise to power in 1949. "The reason for the existence of the Chinese Communist Party in the beginning is because of injustice and poverty among farmers," Donaldson said. Chairman Mao Zedong's economic experiments, however, actually set the country back, according to Steve Tsang, director of the China Institute at the University of London. "In 1949, Shanghai was still a richer city than Hong Kong. In 1949, any coastal province was richer and more developed than Taiwan. In 1979, Hong Kong and Taiwan were way, way ahead," Tsang said.Mao's disastrous Great Leap Forward, beginning in 1958, was ostensibly an attempt to transform a mainly agrarian society through industrialization and collectivization. Instead, it helped create a famine that cost tens of millions of lives and aggravated poverty across the country.Things began to change after Mao's death. In 1978, then-paramount leader Deng Xiaoping began liberalizing China's economy and one of his first reforms was to let struggling farmers sell excess produce to make a profit.China's efforts to combat poverty since then have been staggering. In 1990, there were more than 750 million people living in poverty across the nation, according to the World Bank -- over 60% of the population. Almost 30 years later in 2019, Beijing says that number has dropped to just 16.6 million.One of the Community Party's main claims to power in recent years has been that it has lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty. Perhaps for that reason, Xi still isn't satisfied. Despite the growing wealth of China's major cities such as Shanghai or Beijing, parts of rural China live without electricity, fresh water and adequate food or clothing.In his 2015 speech, Xi said he was inspired to make poverty a priority by his experience working in the countryside in the 1960s when his father, a prominent party official, fell from favor during Mao's Cultural Revolution. "I toiled with the villagers at the time, with the aim to make life a bit better, but it was harder than reaching the sky in that year," he said. Roads, internet and jobsThe government's plan is broadly divided into two strategies -- big national policies and small local interventions.At a national level, the policies revolve around infrastructure spending. Xi's administration is pouring billions of dollars into the problem, $19 billion in 2019 alone, which has been spent on a variety of projects and initiatives across the country.More than 200,000 kilometers (124,274 miles) of roads were built or renovated in 2018 and 94% of poor villages were connected to the internet, according to government figures. Dozens of state-owned enterprises have joined the campaign and poured more than $4 billion (30 billion yuan) into poverty relief programs as of early 2019, according to state media.Some of these big-ticket projects have sparked controversy. A number of provincial governments have been accused of trying to simply move millions of poor people to newly built urban accommodation to raise them out of poverty.Some older rural citizens have refused to go, while others have moved but then returned to their old homes. Maggie Lau, a professor at Hong Kong's Lingnan University, said such schemes aren't always pragmatic. "If they move to a higher-cost area, how can they afford those new living costs?" she asks.But to a large degree, the anti-poverty campaign is small-scale and has been left in the hands of local officials."Every local official on a township level (one above a village) goes down to every poor household and tries to find out what's going on and why people are poor and how to apply resources to that," Donaldson said, describing his observations in Chinese villages. The solutions proposed vary wildly but often focus on encouraging villagers to lift themselves out of poverty by developing local industries, engaging in e-commerce and boosting rural tourism.While Donaldson said the effort expended was "amazing," problems emerged with government officials spending too much time just knocking on doors talking about poverty rather than tackling local problems. "The danger is that it will be a confused mess," he said.There has also been a lack of patience with poor villagers who fail to get with the program.In a report in February, Wu Weihua, a vice chairman of the national legislature, complained that some people just don't want to "get rich.""Some poor people even have the mindset of, 'You don't help, I don't move'," the report said.Corruption and pollutionFailure is not tolerated -- and the government is watching where its money is being spent.In March 2018, a provincial governor was kicked out of the Communist Party, partly for his failure to address poverty in his jurisdiction. In October that year, inspections were carried out in provinces across central and western China to check that officials were following orders on poverty alleviation. The flood of government and company funds allocated to deal with the issue has also revived the ever-present threat of corruption. More than 170,000 individuals were disciplined in 2018 alone for misappropriation of poverty alleviation funds, according to the party's anti-graft agency Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. There have also been signs that the government's laser-like focus on poverty is impeding another of its main goals -- environmental conservation.A 2015 research paper found evidence that work by the government to eradicate poverty by boosting the economy was lowering air and water quality in affected regions.Heavily polluting industries were encouraged to set up shop, bringing jobs and prosperity at the expense of the environment. Or natural resources were exploited for financial gain."Economic growth, poverty alleviation and ecological degradation do not appear to have de-coupled as required for long-term sustainable use of the environment, especially with regards to food security and access to clean water," the joint British and Chinese study said.Some critics also note that the government has focused mainly on poverty in the countryside rather than in cities, ignoring less severe but still-pressing urban hardship.'Absolutely confident'Wu, the Guizhou village poverty alleviation chief, said he was "absolutely confident" the 2020 goal could be met."The government is doing everything to achieve that. And on the micro level, the targeting of poverty population is really precise. It's not a problem if the entire society is making an effort," he said.But experts and international observers say China's poverty goals achieve the bare minimum -- more work will be needed in the cities and the countryside to ensure everyone enjoys a high quality of life.Qin Gao, director of Columbia University's China Center for Social Policy, said in a 2018 report that broader government support for healthcare and employment would be more useful than initiatives on an individual basis or e-commerce measures."Only a combination of effective development measures and social policies and services can help China eradicate persisting rural poverty in the long run," she said.But Donaldson said that even if the target is met in 2020, he didn't believe the government would just abandon poverty as an issue."Any kind of responsible government would be focused on how you help improve the living standards of people who may not be poor but are still struggling," he said. "I expect that to be on the agenda of the party forever."TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 20, 2019End of Document

Xi Jinping is determined to end all poverty in China by 2020. Can he do it?CNN.comApril 8, 2019 Monday 3:22 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: ASIALength: 1590 wordsByline: By Ben Westcott and Serenitie Wang, CNNDateline: Hong Kong BodyIn the small village of Gaibao, locals are filming short videos of their unspoiled and idyllic countryside on the Kwai streaming app.One clip shows four young women laughing as they grab fat fish out of the rice fields with their hands. In another they don traditional outfits and stand next to an ox plowing a paddy field. "Do you all have a farm such as this?" the caption asks.Their short videos are a small part of a massive nationwide attempt to lift all of China's 1.4 billion people out of poverty by 2020 -- a goal which President Xi Jinping set in a speech in 2015.The Chinese government defines poverty as earning less than $416 (2,800 yuan) a year or around $1.10 a day -- a lower benchmark than the World Bank poverty line of $1.90 a day, or just under $700 a year.Beijing has dispatched about 775,000 party officials to drive the anti-poverty campaign. Many are going door-to-door to work out what the government can do to help. Those who fail in their missions to alleviate poverty could face career oblivion, according to state media.The idea to stream videos of the village came from Gaibao's chief poverty alleviation official, Wu Yusheng, and has helped the town, in the province of Guizhou, sell its organic produce online.Residents also receive virtual gifts from fans via the app, which they can exchange for cash.Wu, who arrived in the village in 2018, said he had already achieved his goal -- but it is unclear whether Xi will do the same.At worst, some experts fear the ruling Communist Party might just announce poverty has been eradicated, regardless of the reality, to avoid embarrassing Xi."Local leaders are taking it extremely seriously, almost in a panicky way. Part of the problem is that they don't know really what to do, so they're kind of grasping at different solutions," said John Donaldson, a poverty expert and associate professor at Singapore Management University. "They're throwing everything at it."The campaign against povertyThe dream of eradicating widespread poverty in China didn't begin with Xi. It dates back to the Communist Party's rise to power in 1949. "The reason for the existence of the Chinese Communist Party in the beginning is because of injustice and poverty among farmers," Donaldson said.Chairman Mao Zedong's economic experiments, however, actually set the country back, according to Steve Tsang, director of the China Institute at the University of London."In 1949, Shanghai was still a richer city than Hong Kong. In 1949, any coastal province was richer and more developed than Taiwan. In 1979, Hong Kong and Taiwan were way, way ahead," Tsang said.Mao's disastrous Great Leap Forward, beginning in 1958, was ostensibly an attempt to transform a mainly agrarian society through industrialization and collectivization. Instead, it helped create a famine that cost tens of millions of lives and aggravated poverty across the country.Things began to change after Mao's death. In 1978, then-paramount leader Deng Xiaoping began liberalizing China's economy and one of his first reforms was to let struggling farmers sell excess produce to make a profit.China's efforts to combat poverty since then have been staggering. In 1990, there were more than 750 million people living in poverty across the nation, according to the World Bank -- over 60% of the population. Almost 30 years later in 2019, Beijing says that number has dropped to just 16.6 million.One of the Communist Party's main claims to power in recent years has been that it has lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty.Perhaps for that reason, Xi still isn't satisfied. Despite the growing wealth of China's major cities such as Shanghai or Beijing, parts of rural China live without electricity, fresh water and adequate food or clothing.In his 2015 speech, Xi said he was inspired to make poverty a priority by his experience working in the countryside in the 1960s when his father, a prominent party official, fell from favor during Mao's Cultural Revolution."I toiled with the villagers at the time, with the aim to make life a bit better, but it was harder than reaching the sky in that year," he said.Roads, internet and jobsThe government's plan is broadly divided into two strategies -- big national policies and small local interventions.At a national level, the policies revolve around infrastructure spending. Xi's administration is pouring billions of dollars into the problem, $19 billion in 2019 alone, which has been spent on a variety of projects and initiatives across the country.More than 200,000 kilometers (124,274 miles) of roads were built or renovated in 2018 and 94% of poor villages were connected to the internet, according to government figures.Dozens of state-owned enterprises have joined the campaign and poured more than $4 billion (30 billion yuan) into poverty relief programs as of early 2019, according to state media.Some of these big-ticket projects have sparked controversy. A number of provincial governments have been accused of trying to simply move millions of poor people to newly built urban accommodation to raise them out of poverty.Some older rural citizens have refused to go, while others have moved but then returned to their old homes. Maggie Lau, a professor at Hong Kong's Lingnan University, said such schemes aren't always pragmatic. "If they move to a higher-cost area, how can they afford those new living costs?" she asks.But to a large degree, the anti-poverty campaign is small-scale and has been left in the hands of local officials."Every local official on a township level (one above a village) goes down to every poor household and tries to find out what's going on and why people are poor and how to apply resources to that," Donaldson said, describing his observations in Chinese villages.The solutions proposed vary wildly but often focus on encouraging villagers to lift themselves out of poverty by developing local industries, engaging in e-commerce and boosting rural tourism.While Donaldson said the effort expended was "amazing," problems emerged with government officials spending too much time just knocking on doors talking about poverty rather than tackling local problems. "The danger is that it will be a confused mess," he said.There has also been a lack of patience with poor villagers who fail to get with the program.In a report in February, Wu Weihua, a vice chairman of the national legislature, complained that some people just don't want to "get rich.""Some poor people even have the mindset of, 'You don't help, I don't move'," the report said.Corruption and pollutionFailure is not tolerated -- and the government is watching where its money is being spent.In March 2018, a provincial governor was kicked out of the Communist Party, partly for his failure to address poverty in his jurisdiction. In October that year, inspections were carried out in provinces across central and western China to check that officials were following orders on poverty alleviation.The flood of government and company funds allocated to deal with the issue has also revived the ever-present threat of corruption. More than 170,000 individuals were disciplined in 2018 alone for misappropriation of poverty alleviation funds, according to the party's anti-graft agency Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.There have also been signs that the government's laser-like focus on poverty is impeding another of its main goals -- environmental conservation.A 2015 research paper found evidence that work by the government to eradicate poverty by boosting the economy was lowering air and water quality in affected regions.Heavily polluting industries were encouraged to set up shop, bringing jobs and prosperity at the expense of the environment. Or natural resources were exploited for financial gain."Economic growth, poverty alleviation and ecological degradation do not appear to have de-coupled as required for long-term sustainable use of the environment, especially with regards to food security and access to clean water," the joint British and Chinese study said.Some critics also note that the government has focused mainly on poverty in the countryside rather than in cities, ignoring less severe but still-pressing urban hardship.'Absolutely confident'Wu, the Guizhou village poverty alleviation chief, said he was "absolutely confident" the 2020 goal could be met."The government is doing everything to achieve that. And on the micro level, the targeting of poverty population is really precise. It's not a problem if the entire society is making an effort," he said.But experts and international observers say China's poverty goals achieve the bare minimum -- more work will be needed in the cities and the countryside to ensure everyone enjoys a high quality of life.Qin Gao, director of Columbia University's China Center for Social Policy, said in a 2018 report that broader government support for healthcare and employment would be more useful than initiatives on an individual basis or e-commerce measures."Only a combination of effective development measures and social policies and services can help China eradicate persisting rural poverty in the long run," she said.But Donaldson said that even if the target is met in 2020, he didn't believe the government would just abandon poverty as an issue."Any kind of responsible government would be focused on how you help improve the living standards of people who may not be poor but are still struggling," he said. "I expect that to be on the agenda of the party forever."Load-Date: April 21, 2019End of Document

A grim preview of a trade war takes shapeAssociated Press Financial WireMay 6, 2019 Monday 7:22 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWSLength: 661 wordsByline: BY MATT OTT, The Associated PressBodyIn what could be a grim preview of how investors might react to a full-out trade war between the world's two largest economies, shares in multinational corporations sank Monday after President Donald Trump threatened new tariffs on China.Any damage from higher import taxes would almost certainly ripple outward and affect anyone who buys a refrigerator, a car, an iPhone, or anything else with a computer chip inside. Companies that import goods or parts from China may or may not pass on costs to consumers, but they usually act to offset rising costs somehow, including potential job cuts.Goldman Sachs doubled the odds of auto tariffs coming this year (to 20, and lessened the odds it gives to a free trade agreement between the U.S., Canada and Mexico."The President's willingness to risk a market disruption by threatening an unexpected tariff hike suggests that he might also be willing to risk the disruption that formally proposing auto tariffs or announcing the intent to withdraw from NAFTA might cause," Goldman Sachs said in research published over the weekend.The sector hit hardest by escalating trade tensions was technology, particularly companies that make computer chips. Micron Technology Inc., Advance Micro Devices Inc. and Applied Materials Inc. all slid more than 2% by early afternoon, recovering a bit from larger losses. Other chipmakers were not far behind.According to data provider FactSet, 64.7% of Qualcomm's revenue comes from China. Broadcom's Chinese revenue is 48% of its total.Heavy hitters in the tech sector like Apple Inc., Amazon.com and Alphabet all lost ground. Apple gets nearly one-fifth of its revenue from world's second largest economy.But every sector was under pressure Monday, from industrial to retail, and shares that were in retreat Monday tracked closely with its exposure to China.Wynn Resorts, with a host of casinos and hotels in Macau, gets about 75% of its revenue from China, according to FactSet. Wynn shares tumbled 4.1%.Chinese companies were not immune to the damage.Alibaba shares skidded more than 3% and shares in Weibo -- China's version of Twitter -- fell more than 5%.On Sunday, President Trump tweeted that he would raise import taxes on $200 billion in Chinese products to 25% from 10% as of Friday. That's on top of a 25% duty on another $50 billion of Chinese imports. Beijing has imposed penalties on $110 billion of American goods.Trump's announcement caused financial markets to plunge early, starting in Asia. The Shanghai Composite index closed 5.6% lower and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index sank 2.9% on Monday.The Dow fell 300 points at the open of trading, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sliding 1% each, and while stocks made a comeback, both were still down in the afternoon.In a note to clients, an analyst for Raymond James said that although Trump has in the past used the threat of more tariffs as negotiating leverage, that doesn't appear to be the case this time. The analyst wrote that based on the firm's discussions with trade sources, there is "universal belief" that any potential agreement fell apart in recent days, despite an agreement being close to finished last week.A spokesman for the Chinese government said its envoys continue to prepare for a trip to the United States for trade talks, although there were concerns in the aftermath of Trump's tweet that Beijing might back out to avoid looking weak in the face of American pressure."The most important near-term indicator to watch will be whether the large delegation of Chinese officials comes to Washington on May 8, as scheduled," wrote Goldman Sachs analysts. "If they do, this would indicate that they believe a deal is still reasonably likely. In this case, the tariff rate would rise only if the two sides are unable to come to an agreement by Thursday, before the increase takes effect on Friday. Alternatively, if the upcoming visit is canceled, an agreement in the coming week would then seem very unlikely."Load-Date: May 7, 2019End of Document

A grim preview of a trade war takes shapeAssociated Press InternationalMay 6, 2019 Monday 7:22 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 661 wordsByline: BY MATT OTT, The Associated PressBodyIn what could be a grim preview of how investors might react to a full-out trade war between the world's two largest economies, shares in multinational corporations sank Monday after President Donald Trump threatened new tariffs on China.Any damage from higher import taxes would almost certainly ripple outward and affect anyone who buys a refrigerator, a car, an iPhone, or anything else with a computer chip inside. Companies that import goods or parts from China may or may not pass on costs to consumers, but they usually act to offset rising costs somehow, including potential job cuts.Goldman Sachs doubled the odds of auto tariffs coming this year (to 20, and lessened the odds it gives to a free trade agreement between the U.S., Canada and Mexico."The President's willingness to risk a market disruption by threatening an unexpected tariff hike suggests that he might also be willing to risk the disruption that formally proposing auto tariffs or announcing the intent to withdraw from NAFTA might cause," Goldman Sachs said in research published over the weekend.The sector hit hardest by escalating trade tensions was technology, particularly companies that make computer chips. Micron Technology Inc., Advance Micro Devices Inc. and Applied Materials Inc. all slid more than 2% by early afternoon, recovering a bit from larger losses. Other chipmakers were not far behind.According to data provider FactSet, 64.7% of Qualcomm's revenue comes from China. Broadcom's Chinese revenue is 48% of its total.Heavy hitters in the tech sector like Apple Inc., Amazon.com and Alphabet all lost ground. Apple gets nearly one-fifth of its revenue from world's second largest economy.But every sector was under pressure Monday, from industrial to retail, and shares that were in retreat Monday tracked closely with its exposure to China.Wynn Resorts, with a host of casinos and hotels in Macau, gets about 75% of its revenue from China, according to FactSet. Wynn shares tumbled 4.1%.Chinese companies were not immune to the damage.Alibaba shares skidded more than 3% and shares in Weibo -- China's version of Twitter -- fell more than 5%.On Sunday, President Trump tweeted that he would raise import taxes on $200 billion in Chinese products to 25% from 10% as of Friday. That's on top of a 25% duty on another $50 billion of Chinese imports. Beijing has imposed penalties on $110 billion of American goods.Trump's announcement caused financial markets to plunge early, starting in Asia. The Shanghai Composite index closed 5.6% lower and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index sank 2.9% on Monday.The Dow fell 300 points at the open of trading, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sliding 1% each, and while stocks made a comeback, both were still down in the afternoon.In a note to clients, an analyst for Raymond James said that although Trump has in the past used the threat of more tariffs as negotiating leverage, that doesn't appear to be the case this time. The analyst wrote that based on the firm's discussions with trade sources, there is "universal belief" that any potential agreement fell apart in recent days, despite an agreement being close to finished last week.A spokesman for the Chinese government said its envoys continue to prepare for a trip to the United States for trade talks, although there were concerns in the aftermath of Trump's tweet that Beijing might back out to avoid looking weak in the face of American pressure."The most important near-term indicator to watch will be whether the large delegation of Chinese officials comes to Washington on May 8, as scheduled," wrote Goldman Sachs analysts. "If they do, this would indicate that they believe a deal is still reasonably likely. In this case, the tariff rate would rise only if the two sides are unable to come to an agreement by Thursday, before the increase takes effect on Friday. Alternatively, if the upcoming visit is canceled, an agreement in the coming week would then seem very unlikely."Load-Date: May 7, 2019End of Document

PENTAGON WARNS OF CHINESE MILITARY SPYINGStates News ServiceMay 3, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 560 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the Voice of America (VOA):Carla BabbPENTAGONChina's two decades of military modernization has paid off big in missile development and domains like cyber and space, but the Pentagon says China is still relying on spying on others to steal the latest military technology."China uses a variety of methods to acquire foreign military and dual-use technologies, including targeted foreign direct investment, cyber theft, and exploitation of private Chinese nationals' access to these technologies, as well as ... computer intrusions and other illicit approaches," according to a congressionally mandated Pentagon report released Thursday.Randall Schriver, the assistant secretary of defense for Indo-Pacific security affairs, told reporters Friday at the Pentagon that China frequently uses tactics that fall just short of armed conflict to reach its goal of becoming a "world-class military by 2049," from threats and coercion against media and academia to jamming systems against ships in international waters in the South China Sea.FILE - The Chinese navy's guided missile destroyer Guiyang takes part in a naval parade off the eastern port city of Qingdao, April 23, 2019.The report said China has used these illicit approaches to acquire military-grade technologies from the United States that ranged from antisubmarine to aviation equipment.He said the Chinese were "very aggressive" with modernization and had made "significant progress" in their ballistic and cruise missile development, but he stopped short of calling Beijing an adversary."We certainly don't see conflict with China, and it doesn't preclude cooperation where interests align," Schriver told reporters.ArcticThe report also shows increased Chinese activities in the Arctic region.Arctic states have expressed concerns that Beijing could use its presence there to strengthen China's military reach, mirroring worries about Chinese military presence in Africa and Latin America following its Belt and Road economic initiative."Civilian research could support a strengthened Chinese military presence in the Arctic Ocean, which could include deploying submarines to the region as a deterrent against nuclear attacks," the report notes.FILE - The Chinese navy's 055-class guided missile destroyer Nanchang takes part in a naval parade off the eastern port city of Qingdao, April 23, 2019.The Pentagon report noted that European allies like Denmark have expressed concern about Chinese proposals to establish a research station and a satellite ground station in Greenland.Concentration campsSchriver also noted the U.S. military's concern that the Chinese Communist Party's Central Military Commission has taken sole authority of the People's Armed Police, China's primary force for internal security.He accused China of imprisoning close to 3 million Chinese Muslims in "concentration camps" that "erode the rules-based order." He later defended his description, which harks back to the Jewish concentration camps in Nazi Germany, as appropriate, given the magnitude of the Chinese detentions and the goals of the camps based on public comments from the Chinese government.Carla BabbCarla is VOA's Pentagon correspondent covering defense and international security issues. Her datelines include Ukraine, Turkey, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq and Korea.Load-Date: May 3, 2019End of Document

Former top US generals issue 'grave' warning to ban Chinese techCNN.comApril 3, 2019 Wednesday 2:26 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: ASIALength: 588 wordsByline: By Ben Westcott, CNNBodySix retired US military leaders have issued a statement calling on America's allies to ban Chinese technology giants from outfitting their 5G networks, citing "grave concerns" over security.The statement, released Wednesday, was signed by six highly-respected, retired US military officials, including former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former NATO Supreme Allied Commander in Europe James Stavridis."As military leaders who have commanded US and allied troops around the world, we have grave concerns about a future where a Chinese-developed 5G network is widely adopted among our allies and partners," the statement began.The joint statement comes as New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern refuted suggestions that Chinese technology company Huawei had been banned in her country.Huawei is one of China's largest technology companies and in recent years has become one of the most widely-used providers of super-fast 5G network technology globally."I've seen some suggestion that Huawei products have been banned in New Zealand, that's simply not the case," she Ardern, during an interview broadcast on Chinese state media CGTN."We already have Huawei products in New Zealand and Huawei already operates in New Zealand," she added.The Trump administration has been pushing hard for diplomatic partners to remove Huawei technology from their networks, claiming the company is too close to the Chinese government. Huawei has strongly denied the accusations, saying they are not a tool of Beijing.New Zealand is a longtime ally of the United States and a member of their exclusive Five Eyes intelligence sharing community, along with Australia, the United Kingdom and Canada.A former US government analyst Peter Mattis said in 2018 that New Zealand's membership of the group should be reconsidered given its close relationship with Beijing.In their statement, Wednesday, the US military leaders highlighted three areas of concern over a growing presence of Chinese technology in international networks -- espionage, risks to future military operations and undermining democracy and human rights."The Chinese Cyber Security Law and other national strategies like 'military-civil fusion' mean that nothing Chinese firms do can be independent of the state. Firms must support the law enforcement, intelligence, and national security interests of the Chinese Communist Party," the statement said.They claimed calls for the US intelligence community to produce evidence, or a "smoking gun," to justify calls for a ban "misunderstand the challenge at hand.""The onus should instead be on Beijing to explain why it is prudent for countries to rely on Chinese telecommunications technology when Beijing's current practices threaten the integrity of personal data, government secrets, military operations, and liberal governance," the statement said.New Zealand's Ardern wrapped up a two-day visit to China at the beginning of this week, a visit which was intended to shore up somewhat-rocky relations between the two nominally friendly nations.Some analysts claimed it was a decision by New Zealand's security services to recommend against the use of Huawei technology which led to the reported rift.But when asked during her interview with Chinese state media if US objections to Huawei would influence New Zealand policy, Ardern said no."New Zealand has not been pressured in that regard but even, regardless, it would make no difference. We determine our policy and our position on these matters," she said.Load-Date: April 5, 2019End of Document

Former top US generals issue 'grave' warning to ban Chinese techCNN WireApril 4, 2019 Thursday 6:02 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 603 wordsByline: By Ben Westcott, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  Six retired US military leaders have issued a statement calling on America's allies to ban Chinese technology giants from outfitting their 5G networks, citing "grave concerns" over security.The statement, released Wednesday, was signed by six highly-respected, retired US military officials, including former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former NATO Supreme Allied Commander in Europe James Stavridis."As military leaders who have commanded US and allied troops around the world, we have grave concerns about a future where a Chinese-developed 5G network is widely adopted among our allies and partners," the statement began.The joint statement comes as New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern refuted suggestions that Chinese technology company Huawei had been banned in her country.Huawei is one of China's largest technology companies and in recent years has become one of the most widely-used providers of super-fast 5G network technology globally."I've seen some suggestion that Huawei products have been banned in New Zealand, that's simply not the case," she Ardern, during an interview broadcast on Chinese state media CGTN."We already have Huawei products in New Zealand and Huawei already operates in New Zealand," she added.The Trump administration has been pushing hard for diplomatic partners to remove Huawei technology from their networks, claiming the company is too close to the Chinese government. Huawei has strongly denied the accusations, saying they are not a tool of Beijing.New Zealand is a longtime ally of the United States and a member of their exclusive Five Eyes intelligence sharing community, along with Australia, the United Kingdom and Canada.A former US government analyst Peter Mattis said in 2018 that New Zealand's membership of the group should be reconsidered given its close relationship with Beijing.In their statement, Wednesday, the US military leaders highlighted three areas of concern over a growing presence of Chinese technology in international networks -- espionage, risks to future military operations and undermining democracy and human rights."The Chinese Cyber Security Law and other national strategies like 'military-civil fusion' mean that nothing Chinese firms do can be independent of the state. Firms must support the law enforcement, intelligence, and national security interests of the Chinese Communist Party," the statement said.They claimed calls for the US intelligence community to produce evidence, or a "smoking gun," to justify calls for a ban "misunderstand the challenge at hand.""The onus should instead be on Beijing to explain why it is prudent for countries to rely on Chinese telecommunications technology when Beijing's current practices threaten the integrity of personal data, government secrets, military operations, and liberal governance," the statement said.New Zealand's Ardern wrapped up a two-day visit to China at the beginning of this week, a visit which was intended to shore up somewhat-rocky relations between the two nominally friendly nations.Some analysts claimed it was a decision by New Zealand's security services to recommend against the use of Huawei technology which led to the reported rift.But when asked during her interview with Chinese state media if US objections to Huawei would influence New Zealand policy, Ardern said no."New Zealand has not been pressured in that regard but even, regardless, it would make no difference. We determine our policy and our position on these matters," she said.TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 5, 2019End of Document

China mum on Trump-Xi meeting as Huawei says sales slowingAssociated Press Financial WireJune 11, 2019 Tuesday 11:55 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 763 wordsByline: By WONG WAI BOR, Associated PressDateline: SHANGHAI BodySHANGHAI (AP) - Attention is turning to a possible meeting of President Donald Trump with Chinese leader Xi Jinping at a summit in Japan later this month as the next step in the vexing trade standoff between the two biggest economies.The Chinese government would not confirm Tuesday that such a meeting will take place."We note that for some time, the U.S. has made multiple public statements that it looks forward to a meeting between the two heads of state during the G-20 Osaka Summit," Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters in Beijing when asked about the issue. "We will release information on this when we have it."Trump has imposed 25% tariffs on $250 billion worth of Chinese exports and is preparing to expand them to cover another $300 billion. Beijing has hit back with its own retaliatory tariff increases.Trump wants China to commit to curbing its longstanding, huge trade surplus with the U.S. The conflict also reflects deeper concerns over China's ambitions to help its own industries gain a lead in key technologies such as robotics and artificial intelligence.Nearly a year after Trump began imposing the higher tariffs to ramp up pressure on Beijing, hopes are focused on a possible top-level compromise to break a stalemate in talks that were suspended last month.Trump said in an interview with CNBC's "Squawk Box" on Monday that if Xi doesn't meet with him at the Group of 20 major economies gathering in Osaka, more U.S. tariffs on Chinese exports may go into effect, though he expects Xi to attend.No talks are planned in Beijing or Washington before the Osaka event, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told reporters over the weekend.Each side is blaming the other for the logjam in negotiations."We do not want a trade war, but we are not afraid of fighting one," Geng said, reiterating earlier statements. "If the US is ready to have equal consultations, our door is wide open. But if it insists on escalating trade frictions, we will respond to it with resolution and perseverance."Meanwhile, at a consumer electronics show in the business hub of Shanghai, a top executive of telecom gear maker Huawei Technologies hinted that pressure from Washington on other countries to exclude it from next-generation, or 5G, telecom networks is taking a toll on its sales.Huawei vaulted past Apple to become the No. 2 global smartphone brand behind South Korea's Samsung last year, as its total sales surged almost 20% to exceed $100 billion."If we had not encountered anything unexpected, we would have become number one in the world by the fourth quarter," Huawei's chief strategist, Shao Yang, said Tuesday at the Consumer Electronics Show in Shanghai."But now we have to wait a little bit longer to achieve that," he said, without referring directly to President Donald Trump or the trade war.Washington last month put Huawei on a blacklist that effectively bars U.S. firms from selling to the company without government approval. U.S. officials have accused Chinese technology companies such as Huawei of stealing trade secrets and threatening cybersecurity - possibly at the behest of the ruling Communist Party.Chinese authorities say the United States is exaggerating security concerns to block a potential competitor.Huawei has denied it would share user secrets with the Chinese government and demanded that the U.S. provide evidence to show that such a risk exists. Earlier, it insisted that the trade friction with Washington was not taking much of a toll on its global business.But U.S. officials have made it their mission to persuade other governments to avoid working with Huawei, warning that Washington might not share sensitive information with allies if they are using Huawei equipment and networks that the Washington suspects could be compromised.Apart from the U.S. pressure, which has effectively shut Huawei out of the world's most lucrative market, growth in smartphone sales overall has been slowing.And some phone carriers, such as Japan's SoftBank Corp. and KDDI, have delayed sales of Huawei brand smartphones to assess their safety, potentially detracting from earlier forecasts.In his comments to the electronics show, Shao said the company will march on in its development of the technology."People see 5G, but we see beyond that," he said. "Those who are not brave will not progress, they will lag behind. So everything that we do is to define our direction in the new round of competition."___Associated Press writer Yanan Wang and researcher Liu Zheng in Beijing and Elaine Kurtenbach in Bangkok contributed.Load-Date: June 12, 2019End of Document

China mum on Trump-Xi meeting as Huawei says sales slowingAssociated Press InternationalJune 11, 2019 Tuesday 11:55 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 763 wordsByline: By WONG WAI BOR, Associated PressDateline: SHANGHAI BodySHANGHAI (AP) - Attention is turning to a possible meeting of President Donald Trump with Chinese leader Xi Jinping at a summit in Japan later this month as the next step in the vexing trade standoff between the two biggest economies.The Chinese government would not confirm Tuesday that such a meeting will take place."We note that for some time, the U.S. has made multiple public statements that it looks forward to a meeting between the two heads of state during the G-20 Osaka Summit," Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters in Beijing when asked about the issue. "We will release information on this when we have it."Trump has imposed 25% tariffs on $250 billion worth of Chinese exports and is preparing to expand them to cover another $300 billion. Beijing has hit back with its own retaliatory tariff increases.Trump wants China to commit to curbing its longstanding, huge trade surplus with the U.S. The conflict also reflects deeper concerns over China's ambitions to help its own industries gain a lead in key technologies such as robotics and artificial intelligence.Nearly a year after Trump began imposing the higher tariffs to ramp up pressure on Beijing, hopes are focused on a possible top-level compromise to break a stalemate in talks that were suspended last month.Trump said in an interview with CNBC's "Squawk Box" on Monday that if Xi doesn't meet with him at the Group of 20 major economies gathering in Osaka, more U.S. tariffs on Chinese exports may go into effect, though he expects Xi to attend.No talks are planned in Beijing or Washington before the Osaka event, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told reporters over the weekend.Each side is blaming the other for the logjam in negotiations."We do not want a trade war, but we are not afraid of fighting one," Geng said, reiterating earlier statements. "If the US is ready to have equal consultations, our door is wide open. But if it insists on escalating trade frictions, we will respond to it with resolution and perseverance."Meanwhile, at a consumer electronics show in the business hub of Shanghai, a top executive of telecom gear maker Huawei Technologies hinted that pressure from Washington on other countries to exclude it from next-generation, or 5G, telecom networks is taking a toll on its sales.Huawei vaulted past Apple to become the No. 2 global smartphone brand behind South Korea's Samsung last year, as its total sales surged almost 20% to exceed $100 billion."If we had not encountered anything unexpected, we would have become number one in the world by the fourth quarter," Huawei's chief strategist, Shao Yang, said Tuesday at the Consumer Electronics Show in Shanghai."But now we have to wait a little bit longer to achieve that," he said, without referring directly to President Donald Trump or the trade war.Washington last month put Huawei on a blacklist that effectively bars U.S. firms from selling to the company without government approval. U.S. officials have accused Chinese technology companies such as Huawei of stealing trade secrets and threatening cybersecurity - possibly at the behest of the ruling Communist Party.Chinese authorities say the United States is exaggerating security concerns to block a potential competitor.Huawei has denied it would share user secrets with the Chinese government and demanded that the U.S. provide evidence to show that such a risk exists. Earlier, it insisted that the trade friction with Washington was not taking much of a toll on its global business.But U.S. officials have made it their mission to persuade other governments to avoid working with Huawei, warning that Washington might not share sensitive information with allies if they are using Huawei equipment and networks that the Washington suspects could be compromised.Apart from the U.S. pressure, which has effectively shut Huawei out of the world's most lucrative market, growth in smartphone sales overall has been slowing.And some phone carriers, such as Japan's SoftBank Corp. and KDDI, have delayed sales of Huawei brand smartphones to assess their safety, potentially detracting from earlier forecasts.In his comments to the electronics show, Shao said the company will march on in its development of the technology."People see 5G, but we see beyond that," he said. "Those who are not brave will not progress, they will lag behind. So everything that we do is to define our direction in the new round of competition."___Associated Press writer Yanan Wang and researcher Liu Zheng in Beijing and Elaine Kurtenbach in Bangkok contributed.Load-Date: June 12, 2019End of Document

Sen. Hawley Introduces Bill to Stop the Chinese Military's Acquisition of Sensitive American TechnologyTargeted News ServiceMay 14, 2019 Tuesday 8:31 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 515 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodySen. Josh Hawley, R-Missouri, issued the following news release:Today Senator Josh Hawley introduced the China Technology Transfer Control Act of 2019 to stop the Chinese military's acquisition of sensitive American technology and formally admonish China for its predatory trade practices.In recent years, China has aggressively acquired sensitive U.S. technology through intellectual property theft and unfair trade practices. Once China has the technology, it invariably finds its way to the Chinese military."It's time to acknowledge that China acts more like an adversary than a friend," said Senator Hawley. "For too long, China has exploited American innovation to undermine our values and threaten our security. This legislation is an important step toward keeping American technology out of the hands of the Chinese government and its military."BackgroundIn recent years, China has aggressively acquired sensitive U.S. technology to advance its military capabilities through intellectual property theft and unfair trade practices. China seeks to surpass the U.S. in high tech manufacturing through its state-sponsored "Made in China 2025" initiative and has exploited American technology to advance its military capabilities in two major ways:- "Trade-Technology-for-Market:"o The "Trade-Technology-for-Market" policy requires American companies to form joint ventures Chinese state-owned partners and share strategic technology in order to gain access to the Chinese market. This strategic technology inevitably finds its way to the Chinese military.o A prominent example of this is Google attempting to gain access to the Chinese market by building a censored search engine in partnership with a Chinese company.- Working around U.S. laws designed to confront China's military buildup:o China has worked to find and exploit loopholes in American laws designed to protect sensitive American technology from falling into the hands of the Chinese military.o A prominent example of this is a Chinese state-controlled entity renting bandwidth on American satellites that it would be forbidden from purchasing under U.S. law. These satellites could be used to aid China in a military conflict.The China Technology Transfer Control Act of 2019:- Formally admonishes China for intellectual property theft and manipulation of lawful transfer and uses of technology in ways that directly support its military objectives and threaten the United States.- Places all "core technologies" from China's "Made in China 2025" strategy on the Department of Commerce's Export Control List.o Once a technology is placed on the Export Control List, companies must obtain licenses to export that technology to China.o "Core technologies" include nearly 15 different technologies such as artificial intelligence, robotics, semiconductors, advanced construction equipment and lithium battery manufacturing.- Imposes sanctions on foreign entities and individuals that violate these export controls through transfer of these "core technologies" to China.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6729315 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: May 15, 2019End of Document

SEN. HAWLEY INTRODUCES BILL TO STOP THE CHINESE MILITARY'S ACQUISITION OF SENSITIVE AMERICAN TECHNOLOGYStates News ServiceMay 14, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 503 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Missouri Senator Josh Hawley:Today Senator Josh Hawley introduced the China Technology Transfer Control Act of 2019 to stop the Chinese military's acquisition of sensitive American technology and formally admonish China for its predatory trade practices.In recent years, China has aggressively acquired sensitive U.S. technology through intellectual property theft and unfair trade practices. Once China has the technology, it invariably finds its way to the Chinese military."It's time to acknowledge that China acts more like an adversary than a friend," said Senator Hawley. "For too long, China has exploited American innovation to undermine our values and threaten our security. This legislation is an important step toward keeping American technology out of the hands of the Chinese government and its military."BackgroundIn recent years, China has aggressively acquired sensitive U.S. technology to advance its military capabilities through intellectual property theft and unfair trade practices. China seeks to surpass the U.S. in high tech manufacturing through its state-sponsored "Made in China 2025" initiative and has exploited American technology to advance its military capabilities in two major ways:"Trade-Technology-for-Market:"The "Trade-Technology-for-Market" policy requires American companies to form joint ventures Chinese state-owned partners and share strategic technology in order to gain access to the Chinese market. This strategic technology inevitably finds its way to the Chinese military.A prominent example of this is Google attempting to gain access to the Chinese market by building a censored search engine in partnership with a Chinese company.Working around U.S. laws designed to confront China's military buildup:China has worked to find and exploit loopholes in American laws designed to protect sensitive American technology from falling into the hands of the Chinese military.A prominent example of this is a Chinese state-controlled entity renting bandwidth on American satellites that it would be forbidden from purchasing under U.S. law. These satellites could be used to aid China in a military conflict.The China Technology Transfer Control Act of 2019:Formally admonishes China for intellectual property theft and manipulation of lawful transfer and uses of technology in ways that directly support its military objectives and threaten the United States.Places all "core technologies" from China's "Made in China 2025" strategy on the Department of Commerce's Export Control List.Once a technology is placed on the Export Control List, companies must obtain licenses to export that technology to China."Core technologies" include nearly 15 different technologies such as artificial intelligence, robotics, semiconductors, advanced construction equipment and lithium battery manufacturing.Imposes sanctions on foreign entities and individuals that violate these export controls through transfer of these "core technologies" to China.Load-Date: May 14, 2019End of Document

Alibaba Planning $20 Billion Hong Kong Listing Amid China US IPO Questions - RPTTheStreet.comMay 28, 2019 Tuesday 5:39 AM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 496 wordsByline: Martin BaccardaxHighlight: Alibaba is mulling a $20 billion follow-up listing in Hong Kong, according to media reports published Tuesday, a move that could raise questions over the fate of China-based companies raising cash through IPOs on U.S. exchanges.BodyAlibaba Group Holding  is mulling a $20 billion follow-up listing in Hong Kong, according to media reports published Tuesday, a move that could raise questions over the fate of China-based companies raising cash through IPOs on U.S. exchanges.Reuters reported Tuesday that Alibaba will look raise as much as $20 billion from a Hong Kong listing of the online retailing and tech giant's shares later this year. Alibaba floated on the New York Stock Exchange in 2014, raising $25 billion in what remains the world's biggest IPO some five years later, Since then, China-based firms have flocked to the U.S. market to raise equity capital, with 33 listings worth $9 billion last year and 2019 pace that could see over 40 companies debuting before the end of the year.Alibaba's reported move to list in Hong Kong, however, could reflect concern for the fate of Chinese companies doing business with, or having capital ties to, the United States as it presses hard for changes to its current trade agreement with Beijing.Last week, former White House adviser Steve Bannon, a noted hawk on U.S.-China relations but nonetheless an influential voice in certain Republican party circles, told the South China Morning Post that "the next move we make is to cut off all the IPOs, unwind all the pension funds and insurance companies in the U.S. that provide capital to the Chinese Communist Party." "We'll see a big move on Wall Street to restrict access to capital markets to Chinese companies until they agree to] this fundamental reform," he said.Around 160 Chinese companies are listed on U.S. exchanges, according to the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission -- including Alibaba, Baidu and JD.Com -- with around 11 of those having at least a 30% stake owned by the Chinese government. Earlier this month, Luckin Coffee Inc.  debuted on the Nasdaq stock exchange with an IPO that valued the China-based rival to Starbucks  at more than $4.2 billion, but chipmaker SMIC said it would de-list its U.S shares and place them on the Hong Kong market instead.Recent moves by the White House to restrict the ability of China-backed Huawei Technologies from doing business with the Untied States, while simultaneously pressuring its international allies to shut it out of 5G network construction contracts going forward, has created significant tension between Washington and Beijing.It's also raised the prospect of both reprisals from the Chinese government and a "tech cold war" that could add further uncertainty to companies attempting to lever production and exports between the world's two biggest economies."Our assumption is that the banning of Huawei will not be reversed; it has widespread political support in the U.S., and with very few Huawei phone users to complain about the ban -- unlike in Europe -- the pushback will be minimal," said Ian Shepherdson of Pantheon Macroeconomics. "China, we think, is just going to have to live with this if they want a trade deal."Load-Date: May 29, 2019End of Document

USTR Adds China's Third-Largest E-Commerce Platform To List Of "Notorious Markets."The FrontrunnerApril 26, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Bulletin News Network, Inc.Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 404 wordsBodyReuters (4/25) reports that the US Trade Representative's Office added Pinduoduo.com, "China's third-largest e-commerce platform to its list of 'notorious markets' for violations of intellectual property rights and kept China on its priority watch list for piracy and counterfeiting concerns." The USTR "also kept Alibaba Group's taobao.com, China's largest e-commerce platform, on the list." According to Reuters, USTR said that "while Alibaba has taken steps to address counterfeit products offered and sold on the Taobao marketplace, companies continue to see widespread infringement." Bloomberg (4/25, 4.05M) reports that the USTR also "added Saudi Arabia to the priority watch list, noting a deterioration in its protections on IP for pharmaceutical products, as well as 'longstanding concerns' regarding counterfeit and pirated goods."NYTimes Analysis: China Acting More Conciliatory Toward Infrastructure Partners.The New York Times (4/25, Perlez, 17.3M) reports in n analysis that the Chinese government, "broadly facing criticism about overpriced and superfluous projects...is reshaping and retooling its grand infrastructure plan, known as the Belt and Road Initiative." The Times says the Chinese efforts "are intended to present a friendlier face to global leaders, who are gathering this week in Beijing for a conference to mark the sixth year of the initiative." The Times adds, "To show it's a more responsible player, China is promising corruption-free, environmentally conscious ventures." In addition, Chinese officials are "seeking advice from major multinational banks, asking other countries, such as Japan, to collaborate, and in some cases scaling back its projects."Huawei's Ownership Structure Remains Opaque Amid Concerns About Chinese Government Ties.According to the New York Times (4/25, Zhong, 17.3M), as Huawei "battles the United States government over whether it should be allowed to build the world's mobile networks, the company has been going to great lengths to present itself as open, transparent and trustworthy." However, the Times says "Huawei's ownership is a murky matter," and although it "says it is entirely owned by its employees, and that no outside organizations, including any affiliated with the Chinese government, own shares," such "assurances have never quite dispelled American officials' suspicions that Beijing and the Communist Party are somehow pulling the strings."Load-Date: April 29, 2019End of Document

Rep. Rooney Cosponsors Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect U.S. Telecommunications Infrastructure From National Security ThreatsTargeted News ServiceMay 22, 2019 Wednesday 8:30 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 733 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Francis Rooney, R-Florida, issued the following news release:* * *- According to a 2018 NATO Report, Huawei's Growing Role as a Supplier of 5G Could Be Exploited by China to Commit Espionage, Monitor Foreign Corporations and Governments, &#38; Support Chinese Military Operations- Legislation Would Require the Administration to Develop a Strategy to Safeguard the Next Generation of Mobile Telecommunications from Foreign Influence* * *U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger introduced a bipartisan bill, cosponsored by Representative Francis Rooney, to protect next-generation telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in the United States.According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. To combat the potential cyber threats associated with a Huawei 5G monopoly, the report recommends that non-Chinese companies invest in 5G research and development--and it calls on U.S. and European companies to reconsider the integration of Huawei technology into their 5G infrastructure.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. The strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains access for all Americans."The United States has long been responsible for the groundbreaking achievements of the digital age. However, the growing prominence of 5G telecommunications systems in China and abroad, particularly through Huawei, should concern all Americans," said Spanberger. "To protect our national security and maintain our economic strength, we must build a nationwide game plan to strengthen our mobile networks and protect the privacy of American families. Today, I'm proud to lead the introduction of a bipartisan bill to require a smart strategy, because safeguarding Americans' access to the next generation of telecommunications should never be a partisan issue. As we work to achieve faster internet speeds and wider connectivity, our legislation would make sure we have a plan to deliver innovative technology to U.S. consumers, compete with China, and prevent foreign influence in 5G networks.""The United States needs to be proactive in preventing any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by our adversaries. In our increasingly interconnected world, that means protecting our telecommunications and infrastructure, and those of our allies, from malign foreign interference," said Rooney. "I am proud to cosponsor the Secure 5G and Beyond Act to ensure the safety, security, and freedom of the United States and to safeguard our technology infrastructure."Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:- Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;- Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; and- Protect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).BACKGROUNDA 2018 report from the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence warned that integration of Huawei as a 5G provider could create long-term negative consequences.Currently, the Chinese government's Made in China 2025 plan calls 5G a "strategic emerging industry." Already, Chinese tech companies own 36 percent of all 5G standard-essential patents, whereas U.S.-based companies only possess 14 percent of critical 5G patents. Earlier this year, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford called the potential risks of a Chinese-built 5G network "a critical national security issue" for the United States.Contact: Chris Berardi, 202/897-7700Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6737576 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: May 23, 2019End of Document

ROONEY COSPONSORS BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY THREATSStates News ServiceMay 22, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 716 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, D.C. BodyThe following information was released by the office of Florida Rep. Francis Rooney:According to a 2018 NATO Report, Huawei's Growing Role as a Supplier of 5G Could Be Exploited by China to Commit Espionage, Monitor Foreign Corporations and Governments, and Support Chinese Military OperationsLegislation Would Require the Administration to Develop a Strategy to Safeguard the Next Generation of Mobile Telecommunications from Foreign InfluenceU.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger introduced a bipartisan bill, cosponsored by Representative Francis Rooney, to protect next-generation telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in the United States.According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. To combat the potential cyber threats associated with a Huawei 5G monopoly, the report recommends that non-Chinese companies invest in 5G research and developmentand it calls on U.S. and European companies to reconsider the integration of Huawei technology into their 5G infrastructure.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. The strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains access for all Americans."The United States has long been responsible for the groundbreaking achievements of the digital age. However, the growing prominence of 5G telecommunications systems in China and abroad, particularly through Huawei, should concern all Americans," said Spanberger. "To protect our national security and maintain our economic strength, we must build a nationwide game plan to strengthen our mobile networks and protect the privacy of American families. Today, I'm proud to lead the introduction of a bipartisan bill to require a smart strategy, because safeguarding Americans' access to the next generation of telecommunications should never be a partisan issue. As we work to achieve faster internet speeds and wider connectivity, our legislation would make sure we have a plan to deliver innovative technology to U.S. consumers, compete with China, and prevent foreign influence in 5G networks.""The United States needs to be proactive in preventing any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by our adversaries. In our increasingly interconnected world, that means protecting our telecommunications and infrastructure, and those of our allies, from malign foreign interference," said Rooney. "I am proud to cosponsor the Secure 5G and Beyond Act to ensure the safety, security, and freedom of the United States and to safeguard our technology infrastructure."Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; andProtect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).BACKGROUNDA 2018 report from the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence warned that integration of Huawei as a 5G provider could create long-term negative consequences.Currently, the Chinese government's Made in China 2025 plan calls 5G a "strategic emerging industry." Already, Chinese tech companies own 36 percent of all 5G standard-essential patents, whereas U.S.-based companies only possess 14 percent of critical 5G patents. Earlier this year, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford called the potential risks of a Chinese-built 5G network "a critical national security issue" for the United States.Load-Date: May 22, 2019End of Document

United States fears growth of China's HuaweiThe Gulfordian: Guilford CollegeApril 5, 2019 FridayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: WORLDNATION; Pg. 1Length: 616 wordsBodyOn March 29, Huawei, a private Chinese technology company, criticized the United States for having a "loser's attitude" in light of the release of the Huawei P30 and P30 Pro product family.Equipped with 5G technology, the P30 series released on March 26 in France. The products will be available via Amazon and other service providers in the upcoming weeks. Despite American allegations that Huawei devices may be used for Chinese monitoring, the P30 smartphone has been praised in the market for its advanced camera and Google AI-optimized interface.Matching the United States, the United Kingdom has also responded harshly to new technology from the Chinese company. Huawei officials have spoken out about the backlash."We chose to have our voice heard at this moment because the U.S. government considers us a threat to national security," stated Zhengfei Ren, founder of Huawei. "Why is Huawei being singled out?"In late 2018, Meng Wanzhou, Ren's daughter and the CFO of Huawei, was arrested in Canada for violations of Iran sections. Ren degraded her arrest as a politically motivated attack on Huawei's innovation in the technological industry.Even with American warnings across North America and Europe about the possible usage of Huawei products for spying, the company was able to gross over 100 billion dollars of revenue in 2018. This remarkable feat places Huawei on top of both Apple and Samsung in terms of growth.Huawei was also able to slide past Apple as number two in phone sales. However, Huawei officials did recognize that the actions of the United States did have a short-term effect on Huawei's business.The conflict between Huawei and the United States gained mainstream media coverage in 2018 when Huawei lost the support of AT&T, a major mobile carrier. Huawei also lost the retail support of Best Buy in early 2018 and several major nations announced that they would not integrate or carry the 5G technology, including Japan and Australia.Although Huawei is a private enterprise, the United States has underscored the amiable relationship between the Chinese government and the company.Students at Guilford weighed in on the matter and expressed their perspectives on the international issues between China and the United States."Other countries besides the United States are forming a larger influence and impact in the global market," said first-year Rabia Kang. "I am not surprised to see Huawei rise as a top competitor. Globalization is another big factor to its successes. Some cynics could say we discourage foreign brands like Huawei to diminish economic competition and eliminate threats to internal security."Students also questioned the possible hypocrisy of actions taken by the Trump administration."I feel like Trump is trying to silence other companies to make the United States a super dominating country," said junior Kisha Jones. "It is ironic because the U.S. obviously has spyware, and that makes me question which phone companies in the U.S. are being used to spy."Although American actions against Huawei may seem excessive, the Chinese government adopted a similar method back in 2014 when Windows 8 was banned from all government systems.While the Chinese administration provided no explanation for that action, more attention has been placed on the current issue due to the ongoing negotiations for a trade deal between the United States and China.As trade deal discussions continue between American and Chinese diplomats, many analysts have noted that the success of Huawei products has not been largely affected.However, the emergence of Huawei as a dominating technology enterprise may impact the trade deal between the competing superpowers.Load-Date: April 5, 2019End of Document

China criticizes US measures against Huawei and warns that it will protect its companiesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 16, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 571 wordsBody The Chinese government warned the United States that it will "protect with determination" Chinese companies, after Washington labeled the technological giant Huawei as a security risk and imposed controls on US exports.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang called the measures an "abuse of export control measures" after the government of US President Donald Trump signed an order on Monday. that requires sellers to obtain an authorization to trade with Huawei.  Huawei Technologies Ltd., the world's largest manufacturer of switches for telephone and internet companies, has been fighting allegations that it facilitates Chinese espionage for a decade.  "We urge the United States to stop its wrong approach," said spokesman Kang. "China will take more measures necessary to protect with determination the legitimate rights and interests of Chinese companies," Lu added without offering further details.  Lu gave no details, but analysts cautioned that export controls threaten to worsen a US-China conflict over technology and trade.  The restriction is "a serious escalation with China that, at least, calls into question the prospect of continued trade negotiations," Eurasia Group analysts said in a report.  "Unless handled carefully, this situation is likely to put American and Chinese companies at new risk," the report added.  The decree issued on Wednesday by Trump declared a national economic emergency that empowers the government to prohibit the use of technology and services of "foreign adversaries" considered "unacceptable risks" to national security, including those that may serve cyber-espionage and sabotage.  It did not name countries or specific companies, and gave the Department of Commerce a period of 150 days to present regulations.  In a clear slap at Huawei, the Department also put the company and its subsidiaries on a list that requires them to request authorization from the US government when they intend to buy US technology.  Washington and Beijing are currently engaged in a trade war that reflects, in part, a dispute over economic and technological domination worldwide, and the measures adopted on Wednesday increase tensions.  The executive order addresses the US government's concerns that the team of Chinese suppliers could pose a threat of espionage to the US Internet and telecommunications infrastructure. Huawei, the world's largest provider of networking equipment, has been perceived as a danger among US national security circles for much of the last decade.  Judicial and intelligence services officials say that economic espionage and theft of trade secrets in China are common.  However, the US authorities have not presented evidence that any Huawei equipment in the United States or anywhere else in the world has been altered by the manufacturer to facilitate the spying of Beijing. Huawei firmly rejects any involvement with Chinese espionage.  A senior US government official, who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to make statements on the matter, told the press in a telephone call that the order "had no dedication to any company or country" and would not be retroactive. The authorities said they foresee "provisional controls" prior to the rulesdefinitive, although they were not clear at this point.  The China entry criticizes US measures against Huawei and warns that it will protect its companies was first published in La Tercera. Load-Date: May 16, 2019End of Document

Senators question how to roll out 5G without Chinese technologyCNN WireMay 14, 2019 Tuesday 6:50 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 707 wordsByline: By Ahiza Garcia and Brian Fung, CNN BusinessDateline: SAN FRANCISCO (CNN Business) BodySAN FRANCISCO (CNN Business) --  With the imminent arrival of 5G to more US cities, several United States senators expressed concern over how to roll out the new technology without the help of Chinese equipment makers.5G technology is the next generation of ultra-fast wireless connections. The four main carriers in the US ---- Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile and AT&T, which owns CNN's parent company WarnerMedia --- have vowed not to use components, such as chips, from Huawei or other Chinese companies. These larger US companies never relied on Chinese technology when deploying past networks, so it's a matter of continuing to avoid it going forward. Smaller and more rural US-based carriers do have Huawei in their networks and would need to work to phase them out.Huawei is the world's biggest maker of telecommunications equipment, but the US government has growing concerns that using its technology could pose a national security threat. Tensions between the US and China remain high. The US government is investigating Huawei for possible criminal behavior and is currently in the midst of a trade war with the country. During a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Tuesday, Senator Dianne Feinstein expressed concern over how China can gain sensitive information through companies like Huawei. "I begin to question the whole 5G thing because it creates a situation that can be used to do tremendous harm," Feinstein said. "This is a very big deal because it could make our country incredibly vulnerable and we cannot let China do this, it's that simple."US regulators have moved to limit federal funding for US carriers who use Huawei gear with their networks over fears the equipment could allow the Chinese government to eavesdrop on sensitive US communications. US officials embarked on an international campaign in February to discourage the use of Huawei components among its strategic partners.But many of the US' closest allies, including the UK with whom the US shares data, continue to use Chinese equipment, a practice that raises concerns about the security of US data.Many European officials have acknowledged the risk but differ with the United States over whether it can be managed. In April, the Daily Telegraph reported the UK's National Security Council --- a body led by Prime Minister Theresa May --- agreed to let Huawei help build the country's 5G network. According to the leaked decision, Huawei would have relatively limited access to all but the innermost parts of the 5G network.Robert Strayer, deputy assistant secretary for cyber and international communications and information policy, was one of two experts questioned during the hearing.Strayer noted that China's national intelligence law requires its citizens and organizations to cooperate with Chinese intelligence and security services."I think we should be very concerned and I think we should be concerned about the Chinese law that makes this permissible," Feinstein said. "I think it should become a major element of State Department policy to try to straighten this out before we proceed and have real problems because Huawei has been very assertive."Strayer added that "because of the essential role that vendors play in networks and their maintenance, they could be ordered to undermine network security, to steal personal information or intellectual property, conduct espionage, disrupt critical services or conduct cyberattacks." Christopher Krebs, director of the Department of Homeland Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), was also questioned during the hearing.The other cause for concern: China could beat the US and other countries in the race to roll out 5G networks and 5G-compatible devices.Proponents of 5G say getting a critical mass of consumers on board with the technology before other countries could help US businesses become leaders in the industries that will depend on 5G connectivity, such as self-driving cars or telemedicine."[It] seems to me that we need to up our 5G game because if there's nobody other than China we've got a problem," said Senator Lindsey Graham, chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee.TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: May 15, 2019End of Document

Wyclef Jean on Women in the Music Business and the Revolution of Music; President Donald Trump Suggests He Could Consider Demoting Federal Reserve Chairman Jay Powell; China Making Active Preparations for a Successful MeetingMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 7:00 AM ESTJune 19, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 7238 wordsByline: Maria Bartiromo, Connell McShane, Cheryl Casone, Kristina Partsinevelos, Lauren SimonettiGuests: Wyclef Jean, Gerry Baker, Jon Hilsenrath, Anne McClain, Christina KochBodyMARIA BARTIROMO, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Welcome back. Good Wednesday morning, everybody. Thanks so much for joining us this morning.I'm Maria Bartiromo. And it is Wednesday, June 19th.Your top stories right now at 7:00 a.m. on the button on the East Coast. We are all waiting on the Federal Reserve this morning. Investors await the Fed's meeting and rate decision at 2:15 p.m. Eastern today, on whether or not Jay Powell will suggest or hint that a rate cut is on the way. President Trump reportedly was looking into demoting the chairman, Jay Powell. We've got that this morning as well.Fox Business will have full coverage of the decision at 2:00 Eastern and the chairman's news conference at 2:30 p.m. You'll want to tune in. It will likely be market moving. That's why markets are flat right now.Take a look at futures indicating little movement ahead of the Fed decision.A bit of a firmer tone with the Dow futures up 14 points and the S&P futures up almost a point and the Nasdaq futures up 4.5. This on top of a huge rally yesterday after the President announced that he had spoken with President Xi in China and that the two will, in fact, be meeting at the G- 20. Stocks took off after that.And they were already higher because Mario Draghi in Europe yesterday signaled that more stimulus is on the way and that stimulus could include a rate cut. That certainly got markets moving big-time in Europe yesterday, the U.S. followed suit.Take a look at European indices this morning. We're seeing a mixed story right now with the FT 100 down 17, but the CAC 40 in Paris squeaking out a gain of 2.5 and the DAX index in Germany also squeaking out a gain of 2.5 points right no right now.In Asia overnight, green across the boards pretty much on news that the talks between the U.S. and China are resuming. The Hong Kong market was the best performer, up 2.5 percent.The 2020 race is now officially on. President Trump officially kicked off his re-election bid before a packed arena last night in Orlando. He touted the strength of the U.S. Economy. He talked China and trade. Watch this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: We'll see what happens. But we're either going to have a good deal and a fair deal or we're not going to have a deal at all.BARTIROMO: What the President said about socialism and his new campaign slogan also, coming up.Facebook's new cryptocurrency facing some backlash. The social media giant facing pushback from lawmakers like Maxine Waters in the U.S. and abroad as well. They want Facebook to wait and stop. We'll tell you exactly what Maxine Waters wants from Facebook and that crypto currency coming up. We just heard from the head of that division yesterday right here.Then the hundred billion dollar club. Check this out-- a third person has just made the very exclusive list, $100 billion dollars. Find out who that is.All those stories coming up this Wednesday morning. And joining me to break it all down: Fox Business Network's Cheryl Casone in New York, along with THE "Wall Street Journal's" global economics editor Jon Hilsenrath.Great to see you guys this morning.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Good morning.JOHN HILSENRATH, GLOBAL EOCNOMICS EDITOR, "WALL STREET JOURNAL": Great to be here -- Maria.CASONE: The jealousy factor in New York has hit new all-time highs today over you being in France.HILSENRATH: Yes, you know, Maria -- I just want you to known Cheryl and I are having a lot of fun here on set, even though the weather looking at your weather, you know, it's kind of cloudy and wet and humid here. But we're still having fun.CASONE: Lots of scoop on the fed.BARTIROMO: Yes, exactly. I mean we've got a lot to -- big stories this morning, Jon. Because the fed is going to come out and say something. What do you think in terms of the language, what would you be focusing on? Is he going to take out the word patience? Is he going to signal that things are weakening? What's your best guess in terms of was we hear from Jay Powell at the news conference. HILSENRATH: Well, I mean think he's got one of two choices. They either go ahead and cut interest rates, and that's a possibility, the market isn't expecting it. But the market is expecting the fed to cut rates in July and I think one of the things that Jay Powell has to be asking himself right now is, well, if the market's expecting it in July, maybe I just take that uncertainty off the table and just get it done right now.If he doesn't go ahead and cut rates today, then I think they have to signal pretty strongly in their statement and also in the press conference the same way that Mario Draghi just did yesterday, that they're leaning towards a cut in the months ahead, if inflation doesn't pick up and if the economy looks like it's slowing down. I think it's very important that Draghi signaled what he signaled.He doesn't do that in a vacuum. He has some sense of where Jay Powell stands right now. And he wouldn't be sending as strong a signal as he did if he didn't think the fed was in fared a dovish position today.BARTIROMO: That's very interesting that you say that. I was really interested in hearing you say that earlier, that he doesn't do this in a vacuum and they know what the other one might be doing.Cheryl, if we were to get a rate cut today, if we would get a rate cut in July, that throws into question the strength of might be doing.Cheryl, if we were to get a rate cut today, if we would even get a rate cut in July, that throws into question the strength of the economy, doesn't it. Because we're already talking about a 51-year low on unemployment. We're talking about 3.1 percent growth in the first quarter. Things feel good still. If they were to cut rates, do they know something we don't?CASONE: Well that's -- you're making a great point because the fed always says we are data dependent. If they're seeing mixed data coming in or o negative data coming in, that is going to be a signal to the markets that the economy weakening.So you've got that side of the equation that we'll look for today within the statement and the press conference; but also he's going to be asked about tariffs. I mean the last time that they met we didn't quite have that tariff fight with China. We thought we were going to get a deal with the Chinese the last time the Fed met. Now that's kind of, you know, in question.And you also have the trade tariff issue with Mexico come up as well, plus, again, going back to some of the data we've gotten since then on the economy, not so much unemployment but on the economy -- if they do talk about that, then you're right, that could be a market negative.I still though think if you get a rate cut today, these markets are going to take off like a rocket. That would be crazy because we don't expect it.HILSENRATH: I'll give you three reasons --(CROSSTALKING)BARTIROMO: Well, you know, ever since yesterday -- go ahead, Jon.HILSENRATH: I'll give you three reasons why the fed would cut rates if not today but in July. One is 10 year treasury yields. Dagen and you and I and everyone here talks about that a lot. But long-term interest rates are now lower than short-term interest rates. That is a signal that the market sees no inflation and that it sees the risk of a recession and the fed might respond preemptively to how low long interest rates are, that's one.The other thing is in the real data, yes the economy has been pretty strong but inflation is consistently missing the Fed's 2 percent target and if the Fed is going to have any credibility on a 2 percent inflation target, they've got to act to get in front of that so they might -- they could move on that front. And the third reason is the global backdrop. Global growth is slowing and there's a lot of uncertainty about tariffs and the effects that tariffs are having on the global economy so they might want to get in front of that.Those are the three things that they're talking about yesterday and today about why they might want to move.BARTIROMO: Yes. And you know, it was pretty -- an incredible move. Once Draghi came out yesterday, you saw movement in the euro which went down. But you also saw the bond rally resume in a big way and you saw rates go even lower.HILSENRATH: Right.BARTIROMO: So I mean look at where the 10-year is right now, if we could pull up that 10 year, Nick --CASONE: It's a little bit higher.BARTIROMO: -- just to show that it's right at --(CROSSTALKING)CASONE: Yes. It was actually moving up a couple of basis points today. We had I think it was six or seven straight days of a lower yield on the Treasury. We actually saw it pump up today and I thought that was interesting as you got kind of a flat market going into the fed decision but we saw a little bit of a switch in the 10 year.It's slight, maybe I'm putting more emphasis on it than I need to, but I think it's interesting on the 10 year right now.BARTIROMO: Yes. Do we have a shot of that, Nick? Do we have a shot of that to show the 10-year, which is what we want to look at. And this is just the 10-year. But what about the European rates, Jon?HILSENRATH: Right.BARTIROMO: Yesterday we saw once again a negative situation there when Draghi made those comments and sparked the further rally in bonds.HILSENRATH: Right. And the problem for the ECB is that it has very little room to maneuver here because as you say, short-term rates are already negative and then, you know, there's this program of bond buying, QE, that they do. But they've had a problem with kind of running out of bonds to go out and buy, so for Draghi to say that he's looking to institute new easing measures in a situation where interest rates are already negative and they don't have a lot of room to be buying more bonds, you know, suggests that there really is a change of heart at the Central Bank there. And I just don't think that they do that without thinking about what's happening in the rest of the world, in particular the U.S.Look at that 10 year yield -- 2.08 percent. That's lower than the fed funds rate. We're talking about how strong the U.S. economy is. The bond market doesn't see it. The bond market does not see an economy that's so strong that is anywhere near causing inflation.CASONE: And Maria -- real quick, as I send it back, we're up another basis point from about two hours ago on the yield so there of a rise as we get ready for the markets to open. Back to you.BARTIROMO: Yes. But 2.08 percent, come on. I mean, we are talking about levels that some people might say a recession is at hand, even though the economic data that --HILSENRATH: Right.BOLTON: -- we looked at is all very strong. So I mean it's not always indicative of a recession and inversion or these low rates, and yet we have to watch this closely. We will do that.HILSENRATH: We have gotten a bit of a slowdown. You know, a lot of economists were predicting a slowdown in the first quarter, which didn't occur, and now it looks like we're getting it in the second quarter.BARTIROMO: All right. We will watch.The President didn't agree with that last night, that's for sure. He kicked off his re-election campaign in Florida with a huge rally in the battleground state.Kristina Partsinevolos is live in Orlando right now after the big night. Kristina -- good morning to you.KRISTINIA PARTSINEVELOS, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Good morning -- Maria. Before I get to Orlando, the President did speak to reporters at the White House before he boarded the Air Force One and of course he talked about what you guys have been talking about -- the fed and these rumors about whether he should be demoting the fed chair, Jay Powell.He answered that but he also made a comparison to what the President of the ECB has mentioned with recent stimulus and possibly cutting interest rates. Listen to how he made the comparison.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Let's see what he does. I can tell you that Draghi, the E.U., if you look at what's going on with the euro, they have a much different stance than our folks do. As you know, we did something today that was very dramatic and, frankly, it helped that part of the world. So we'll see what happens.(END VIDEO CLIP)PARTSINEVELOS: So there you have it. Let's see what he does. That's in reference to the Fed chair, Jay Powell. The President did board the train and then landed in Orlando. I was there throughout the entire day with the crowd. You had people that lined up as early as 2:30 a.m. in the morning. Those are the first two people in line that I was able to speak to.You had people that were willing to pretty much stand the torrential rain, standing in line. The entire stadium was filled to capacity. The President did come out just a little bit past 8:00 p.m. Eastern time.You had the entire Trump family there as well as Sarah Sanders. you had a bunch of people supporting him including in Florida, you had the Governor, Ron DeSantis and the Senator Rick Scott.But the President really did touch upon trade. He mentioned the success with getting a trade deal with South Korea. He talked about what you guys are talking about on the panel before, about China and how those are still in role or pretty much the conversation is still going on.And then last but not least, he focused on the trade deal with Mexico and Canada. He did bring up NAFTA and why it didn't work. Listen to what he had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: NAFTA was a beauty. It was really good if you want to see everybody leave our country. Thanks to our tariffs, American steel mills are roaring back to life. You know that.And we've taken historic action to confront China's chronic trading abuses.(END VIDEO CLIP)PARTTSINEVELOS: Over all the President touched a lot of topics including immigration, but I want to end on the importance of Florida, the fact that we're here right now. It is a swing state. The President won by 1.2 percent back in 2016. There's been a lot of talk about recent polls where he is falling behind compared to Joe Biden.However, Maria, you have, what, less than 503 days, 17 months until the elections so we know of course a lot can happen. Back to you.BARTIROMO: Yes, and I think that the polls were indicating a Hillary Clinton victory at this time last cycle.PARTSINEVELOS: Exactly. Yes. Yes.BARTIROMO: As well.PARTSINELOR: That's why it's so soon. It's so soon for us to focus on it.BARTIROMO: Kristina Partsinevelos, in Florida this morning. Be sure to tune to Fox Business at 2:00 p.m. Eastern today. We've got live coverage of the Central Bank's interest rate decision. You'll want to hear what Jay Powell says and suggests about rate cuts coming up. so join us.And then there is this -- Facebook's crypto currency now facing some backlash from Washington. Law makers are curious about the technology giant's new digital money. What they're saying they want Facebook to do now.And then the world's wealthiest -- Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and Microsoft founder Bill Gates part of this exclusive club. See who else just made the cut $100 billion cut.Back in a minute.BARTIROMO: Welcome back.We heard yesterday about Facebook's cryptocurrency. Now it is facing backlash here in Washington and abroad.Lauren is on that in headlines right now -- Lauren.LAUREN SIMONETTI, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Certainly is -- Maria. And it could be a record. Right after Facebook announced its new cryptocurrency, Libra, Congresswoman Maxine Waters asked the company to hit the brakes.The head of the house financial services committee releasing a statement saying "Given the company's troubled past I'm requesting that Facebook agree to a moratorium on any movement forward on developing a cryptocurrency until Congress and regulators have the opportunity to examine these issues and take action.Well, yesterday on the show, Maria -- Facebook's head of Calibra, David Marcus, explained to you how more than just Facebook is involved here.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Can you explain to us why Libra is better or might be better than what's on the market already, like for example, bitcoin.DAVID MARCUS, CALIBRA: Well, I think two differences. First of all, the companies -- the reason that we couldn't go alone here is because if you want to build an Internet of money or a protocol for value on the existing Internet, this is not something that should be controlled by one company. It should be controlled and governed as a public good, the same way the Internet is.So eventually we'll get there. But to start, we had to ensure that this was governed by a number of institutions and global organizations and not by Facebook.(END VIDEO CLIP)SIMONETTI: The criticisms don't stop at the U.S. border, however. Officials in France and England already promising a tough road ahead for Libra while the G-7 countries are reportedly setting up a forum to weigh the risks of digital currencies.Google spending $1 billion to ease the high priced housing problem in their backyard Silicon Valley. The pledge consists of a $250 million investment fund and $750 million of company-owned land. It will be used to build at least 15,000 homes that will included low and mid-income housing.Speaking of money, there's a new member of the $100 billion club -- Bernard Arnault -- that's Europe's richest person just joined Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates in the world's most exclusive wealth club. He's the chairman of the luxury company, LVMH. He entered the ranks yesterday as the company's stock rose about 3 percent, increasing his net worth by $32 billion this year. So all-in, his net worth is equal to 3 percent of the French economy. And of course, he contributes remember with the rebuilding of the Notre Dame Cathedral, Maria. He contributed to --(CROSSTALKING)BARTIROMO: Yes. It's amazing and his wealth and all their wealth -- I mean it is the size of certain countries.SIMONETTI: I know.BARTIROMO: It's pretty incredible, the numbers are mind boggling.SIMONETTI: $100 billion plus.BARTIROMO: All right. Yes. Thank you, Lauren.Coming up this morning, Georgia congressman and ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee, Doug Collins is here. Plus, the chairman of Blackstone, Steven Schwarzman joining us. The National Football League chief marketing officer Tim Ellis is here. And live from the International Space Station, astronaut, Lieutenant Colonel Anne McClain and Christina Koch. Don't miss a moment of it.We've got a big hour and-a-half coming up, stay with us, right now.BARTIROMO: Welcome back.Well we are headed out of this world -- literally. NASA opening the International Space Station to commercial business and private astronauts.For more on this, let's go live right now to the International Space Station and joining me right now are Lieutenant Colonel Anne McClain and Christina Cook. Good to see you both, ladies. It's just amazing that we're able to talk like this right now. Can you tell us first, Christina, what you're feeling and how the atmosphere is where you are right now?CHRISTINA KOCH, NASA ASTRONAUT: Absolutely. You know, it's just a standard day in space. Working on experiments, keeping the space station running at peak performance and going about our business as astronauts.We are currently orbiting the earth about 250 miles above the surface of the earth and traveling at about 17,500 per hour but inside it's just a standard work day.BARTIROMO: Amazing. Anne, let me get your take on what you've learned so far. Give us a sense of the time you've spent there, what you've seen and what your take-aways are.ANNE MCCLAIN, NASA ASTRONAUT: Sure. I launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrone in Kazakhstan on December 3rd so I'm about six-and-a-half months into my mission and only about five days shy of coming home, unfortunately.It's a really special experience to have the opportunity to represent humankind by living in lower earth orbit. That's what we're doing in space right now. We're living on the International Space Station in an environment that was never originally designed for humans or humans were not designed for this environment.And so we live in this -- the space station is about 3,500 square feet of livable space and contained inside of it are kind of two main themes for our day to day work. We do a lot of experiments, science experiments. We are a national laboratory.We also do a lot of maintenance on the space station. And both of those things inform our scientific communities about where we came from, where is our plan in the universe, where are we going and it helps us understand our place in the universe and some technologies that can benefit humankind.So My personal take-aways is this is what happens when humans are united to a goal of exploration and bettering our communities. This is what we're capable of internationally.BARTIROMO: It's just extraordinary, really, it is. And July 20th marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing. NASA plans to return to the moon by 2024 and have the first woman walk on the lunar surface.But earlier this month the President tweeted this. President Trump said, "For all of the money we're spending NASA should not be talking about going to the moon. We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we're doing, including Mars, of which the moon is a part, defense and science."Tell us about the importance of going back to the moon, why it's part of the ultimate mission to Mars.MCCLAIN: Yes, the answer to that is really two-fold. One is, what can we learn from the moon about our plan and about our solar system from going back to the surface of the moon. It holds so many keys to where we came from and where we're going.The other part of that is to enable deep space exploration. If you are going to go climb Mount Everest, you're probably going to set YOUR tent up in the backyard first. And so if you think about the astronomical scale of a Mars mission, the logical first step or next step is to test those technologies in a place like the moon, that is remote but if anything fails, you can come back to earth within a couple days.BARTIROMO: That is just extraordinary. Lieutenant Colonel, it is great to talk with you. Anne McClain and Christina Koch -- thank you so much. Be safe and we will see you soon. Thank you so much, ladies.Coming up, the Federal Reserve is in focus, President Trump sounding off on the Federal Reserve chair, Jay Powell, what he said about Powell coming up.And then the future of music. Wyclef Jean here in Cannes on what's next for the industry. Back in a moment.ANNOUNCER: Here again is Maria Bartiromo, with a special edition of MORNINGS WITH MARIA, live from France at the 2019 Cannes Lions.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Good Wednesday morning, live from Cannes this morning. Thanks for joining us, everybody. I'm Maria Bartiromo and it is Wednesday, June 19th. Your top stories right now 07:32 a.m. on the East Coast.We're all waiting on the Federal Reserve today, investors are waiting and watching to see what the Fed will say after the Fed meeting, two-day meeting ends today. A rate decision, Jon Hilsenrath earlier said yes, it could be that the Fed cuts rates today but probably not, possible in July. We'll see. And we want to see what he says about the current backdrop. Is the economy weakening, as many people have said?President Trump meanwhile, reportedly was looking into demoting Fed chair Jay Powell. We're going to get into that this morning as well.Fox Business will have full coverage of the decision at 02:00 p.m. Eastern today. We will cover Fed chair Powell's news conference at 02:30 p.m. Eastern today. So do joining us for that special coverage.Markets this morning, little moving, as you see, ahead of the Fed decision. Take a look at Futures, Dow Futures up four points, S&P Futures down 1-1/4, and the NASDAQ Futures up just a quarter point.This on top of a huge rally yesterday. After the president announced that he spoke with President Xi in China and that the two of them will in fact be meeting at the G20, that sent stocks soaring because the market thought, well, maybe we will get a deal with China after all. Dow Industrials up 335 points yesterday 04:00, 1-1/3 percent. S&P was up 28, almost one percent. And the NASDAQ was up 109 points that was 1-1/3 percent yesterday.The momentum continues in some parts of Europe this morning, although we've got weakness in the U.K. FT-100 down 20 points, the CAC Quarante in Paris is up 5-3/4 and the DAX Index is up 13. Don't forget about what Mario Draghi told us yesterday, that in fact more stimulus is coming for the Eurozone and it could include a rate cut. As soon as that comment came out yesterday, bonds continued their rally and interest rates continuing lower. Today the 10 year is at 2.08 percent.In Asia overnight, green across the board, news that the talks between the China and the U.S. are resuming, helping those markets as well. Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong up 2-1/2 percent.The 2020 race is on. President Trump officially kicked off his re-election bid last night before a packed arena in Orlando. He touted the strength of the U.S. economy, he talked about his opponents as well.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Our radical Democrat opponents are driven by hatred, prejudice and rage. They want to destroy you and they want to destroy our country as we know it.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: What the president said last night about socialism and his new campaign slogan, coming up right here this morning. But first, our top story this half an hour, revolutionizing the music industry, from vinyl records and cassettes to streaming music on the go, rapid advancements in technology are playing a pivotal role in transforming music genres and styles. The digital age of music fueled by artificial intelligence and machine learning, paving the way for new platforms like Spotify and Apple Music. Reports predict nearly 1.2 billion people will be paying for streaming by the year 2030. Apple find global music revenues to $131 billion.My next guest has been a driving force in the music industry for more than two decades. Joining me right now, musician, rapper, actor, entrepreneur, Wyclef Jean. Wyclef, it's great to see you. Thank you so much for joining us this morning.WYCLEF JEAN, MUSICIAN, RAPPER AND ACTOR: How are you doing? So I have some breaking news. So my catalog, when I wrote the song for Carlos Santana, Maria, Maria.BARTIROMO: I love that song.JEAN: She remind -- I was really talking about you.BARTIROMO: I love that song. Oh my goodness. Thank you so much for that.JEAN: How are you doing?BARTIROMO: Well, listen, the music business has changed so much. I want to hear it right from you, because you've actually lived through all this. Tell me how you've seen this evolution impact your business and how different things are today as opposed to let's just say five or 10 years ago?JEAN: It's definitely different. I would say if you do not have a lucrative catalog and you was actually writing material from the '90s, you're actually not in a good position, right. Because what happens is through streaming now you have -- starting with my daughter, everyone is streaming. So if you have a catalog, so just say me as someone who's a writer of Maria, Maria, Hips Don't Lie, 911, the catalog of over 400 songs. So what happens is when the streaming goes up, the value of the catalog goes up. So what I encourage more kids to do is to write more material and to make sure that they actually own their material.BARTIROMO: By the way, I love that song. I really love that.JEAN: Thank you -- thank you.BARTIROMO: That is such a great -- the rhythm is amazing.JEAN: Thank you.BARTIROMO: But this seems to be a good solution to what took place in the prior 10 years, because remember when iPhone and the iPad and everything first start -- you know, started coming out, where you had digital music, the actors and the -- and the writers, the producers were actually losing money.JEAN: Yes, definitely, they were losing money. But now what happens is you -- through streaming, I've watched a kid get one song get $100 million streaming and turn his brand into a $5 million brand. So once again, I think overall it's great for record companies, it's great for streaming service. It's great for artists. But what I encourage the artists to do is make sure that you take control of your content, very important.BARTIROMO: You have really used your celebrity to help better people and try to help improve people's lives. You say it's important for entertainers to also be entrepreneurs. First let's talk about that.JEAN: Well, I mean, it's very important that, you know, coming up in the '90s, as a Fuji, when you make millions of dollars, you know, we're in the year like 20 going into 2020, so it's very important that artists understands there's two sides of the business. Speaking of that, as we move towards the future, I feel that one of the labels that's has going to be ahead is all female, first distribution label in the world, let me announce it now, it's called Heads Music. I feel that we need more women in positions of power within the industry to push more narratives than what we see right now in the industry.BARTIROMO: You know, it's really interesting that you mention this. Because I have found, talking to all these chief marketing officers, it doesn't matter how established your brand is, how well you're doing, everybody's facing the same challenge and that is reaching women. And it's this virtual cycle that if you don't have women involved in the boardroom, you don't have women involved in the -- in the company at a -- at a leadership level, women are not necessarily going to be as attracted to the product. It sort of feeds on itself.JEAN: 100 percent. But I think that women come from a value where they actually care, right. Because you're from an industry where we watch even starting with myself a different people, it's a -- no one is giving you great advice. And I think the idea of the first distribution female company worldwide is going to send the right message out and I think more artists are going to want to upload their music actually on a platform like that. Because you know, we cool as men but nobody do it better than the women, period.BARTIROMO: Great.JEAN: You know that, so.BARTIROMO: And you think that's going to be one of the main selling points there?JEAN: I think that's going to be one, as we move towards the future because you're talking about Apple and different -- but where's the -- where's the billion dollar female companies? That is saying, OK, we'll work with all the streaming services but we want to curate content from a level of as -- you know -- you know, think about this, for me, a female platform will find the next Erykah Badu, they will find the next Lauryn Hill, they'll find the next Beyonce because their focus is not the -- is not going to be data-driven, it's actually going to be like, let's find talent and let's develop it to put it in data. And that's going to come before the A.I.BARTIROMO: You're talking about that in Cannes this week?JEAN: Yes, so I'm out here with Heads Music and we're promoting that heavy in Cannes this week.BARTIROMO: Tell me --tell me about the industry in terms of giving back, because you wanted to be president of Haiti. I like the story about you reaching out to people to try to get them opportunities. What happened in Haiti, you were disappointed that you couldn't run for president?JEAN: Yes, but there's a thing about politics, right. This is the rule. If you fail and you don't succeed, try and try again, right? So my thing was, in losing the bid for the election, I also learned a lot. When I noticed that the country went down 250,000 people in the rubble, I felt that to reconstruct the country we had a chance to do it through carbon credit.So one of my ideas that moving this country forward would be, you know, an environmental front which is actually there. I believe in job creation. So we was talking about the idea of Agri Banks, empowering farmers, you know what I mean. I have mixed emotion about micro loans because at the end of the day, if I don't have money, how do you expect me to pay you back.So we believe in moving forward in the future, whether if you're a third world island, third world country, let's strengthen private sector. Because if you -- when you look at it, the private sector, the stronger they are, the more the jobs that could be provided for the people.BARTIROMO: What do you want -- what do you want to do now, Wyclef ? I know you've got the women, you know, business and so I get that. Are there things that you're still want to touch?JEAN: Well, the next thing that I'm doing, I'm building the first hip hop guitar, which is a combination of A.I. and hardware. Where you can talk to the guitar and tell her play Maria, Maria and the guitar will actually teach you how to play it.BARTIROMO: I love that. A.I. has been working its way throughout music and the movie business in a big way. If you're not using A.I., you're probably going to be left behind.JEAN: That's right. You got to use A.I.BARTIROMO: Why (INAUDIBLE) --JEAN: But the human comes first.BARTIROMO: Yes.JEAN: All right.BARTIROMO: At some point we might be co-existing with robots.JEAN: Yes, but they'll never be able to write these songs. The robots won't write these songs.BARTIROMO: OK, good, I like that. Wyclef, it's great to have you on the show.JEAN: Thank you so much.BARTIROMO: Congratulations and thank you for that rap, and thank you for the song, Maria.JEAN: Thank you, Maria.BARTIROMO: I love that song. Wyclef Jean, joining us there.Quick break and then we are back to the Fed in focus, President Trump sounds off on the Federal Reserve Chairman, Jay Powell. What he said next when we come back.And then U.S.-China relations, the president announcing he will in fact meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping at next week's G20 Summit. Fox Business is live in Beijing coming up. Stay with us.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. The Federal Reserve is in focus today, of course, investors are awaiting the end of the two-day Fed meeting which happens at 02:00 p.m. this mo -- this afternoon. We're thinking will we see a rate cut? President Trump is also warning that he could consider demoting Fed Chair Jay Powell. Listen to this.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: Well, let's see what he does. I can tell you that Draghi in the -- in the E.U., if you look at what's going on with the euro, they have a much different stance than our folks do.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Powell set to hold a news conference at 02:00 p.m. Eastern today after the Central Bank announces its decision on interest rates, talks about the economy, most people do not expect a rate cut today but most people are expecting a rate cut fairly soon, this year.Joining me right now to talk more about that is the Wall Street Journal Editor at Large, Gerry Baker. Gerry, it's great to see you.GERRY BAKER, EDITOR AT LARGE, WALL STREET JOURNAL: thank you for having me.BARTIROMO: What do you think we're going to hear from the Fed today?BAKER: Well, you know, it's interesting, Maria, I think you're right. I don't think they are going to cut rates. The expectation is they will cut rates in July. But we will hear from Jay Powell the background and we expect him to prepare the ground for a rate cut next month.The slightly odd question then is well, if the situation is bad enough and if you're concerned about the economy, why aren't you cutting rates today? And I think this will add I think to some of the criticism.Look, it's not helpful for the president to criticizing the chairman of the Fed. But the substance of what he's saying maybe has some ground because it is strange if the Fed thinks the situation warrants a rate cut, why not do it right now?BARTIROMO: Not only that. But let's not forget it's only six months ago or seven months ago that we were talking about rate increases that the Fed had this, you know, plan on auto pilot, that it was going to raise rates three times, it was going to unwind the balance sheets. So how did things change so quickly?BAKER: Well, so, I mean, they would argue the economic environment changed rapidly. But it's hard to argue that because the big thing that's been going on and worrying people right now is the U.S.-China situation. Well, that was around back at the end of last year. That's been around since President Trump took office. So that hasn't really changed in the last six months.The economic outlook in the rest of the world has deteriorated in a bit in the last six months. It does look as though I think to be really candid the Fed is acknowledging that it kind of just go up. It was a little ahead of the curve six months, nine months ago and now it's getting back and it's going to be in a position that where actually may lower interest rates --BARTIROMO: But do you think that if we see and when we see a rate cut that people think, well, I thought things were going really well. Do you know something that I don't know, that you're cutting rates, meanwhile we just have 51 year low in unemployment and 3.1 percent growth in the economy early in the year?BAKER: Good point. I mean, look, I think we're in a new normal here which is at 2-1/2 percent Fed funds rate is the peak of the cycle. You know, we would -- we would never thought that even 10 years ago, even five years ago or three years ago. We're now in a situation where the Fed's got 2-1/2 percent and it does look as though the economy is not in trouble but it's slowing with growth this year is going to be a bit slower than last year and there are these doubts that are coming up. The key thing there Maria, of course is, there's no inflation.BARTIROMO: Right.BAKER: And so, when there's no inflation, there isn't a really strong case for the Fed to be tightening. Certainly must be tightening and in fact it may want to be getting rates back down to a kind of neutral level, which is probably somewhere below where they are now.BARTIROMO: Yes, good point. Meanwhile, the president officially kicked off his 2020 bid last night in Orlando. It was a jam-packed crowd in Florida. I want you to react to what he said. Here's what he said about socialism.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TRUMP: More than 120 Democrats in Congress have also signed up to support crazy Bernie Sanders' socialist government takeover of healthcare. He seems not to be doing too well lately.America will never be a socialist country. A vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of the American dream.You know, there's a new one that really works and that's called Keep America Great, right? Keep America Great.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: So I wonder what you think about that and is the 2020 election being set up now as a decision of capitalism versus socialism?BAKER: That's what the president would like. Look, the president's ratings are not great for an incumbent president with a strong economy, he's got approval ratings somewhere on the mid 40s, that's right on the cusp of not being reelected. You have to be up in the high 40s to be sure of being reelected.So, even though the economy's doing really, really, really pretty well right now, for whatever reason, the president's personality, some of the things he say, some of the way he behaves, he's turned off a lot of people particularly women in a lot of suburbs.So yes, he's trying to frame this as firstly the economy is good, with keeping America -- Making America Great Again and keeping it great. And secondly, the choice on the ballot next year is between capitalism and socialism. If he can make it convincingly a debate -- a content between capitalism and socialism, that's going to enormously improve his prospect.BARTIROMO: How important is China and the fact that they are going to meet at the G20, real quick?BAKER: I think that is important. Look, they've been playing down expectations of a deal. I'd be surprised if they get a deal. But I think the fact that they're talking, it can't be a bad thing.BARTIROMO: Wow, you'd be surprised if they get a deal?BAKER: I'd be surprised if they do a deal right at this event.BARTIROMO: Because --BAKER: Because there's a lot of -- look, there's a lot of -- a lot of detail to be done. The Chinese are not ready to make a deal. If anything, they're waiting to see how the U.S economy unfolds in the next six months because they think, if the economy weakens, they'll get a better deal out of the U.S.BARTIROMO: Yes, and they don't want to commit to not stealing I.P., let's be honest. Gerry, it's great to see you.BRENBERG: Thanks for having me.BARTIROMO: And we will see you Friday night.BAKER: Yes, thank you very much, thank you.BARTIROMO: At 09:30, right after Wall Street, Gerry Baker.Be sure to tune into Fox Business today, 02:00 p.m. Eastern for live coverage of the Central Bank's interest rate decision and Jay Powell's news conference.My interview with the chairman and CEO of Blackstone, Steven Schwarzman, is coming up next. Stay with us.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. President Trump announcing he will in fact be meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping at next week's G20 Summit. Connell McShane has been live in Beijing all week with how China is preparing for this meeting. Connell, good morning to you.CONNELL MCSHANE, FOX BUSINESS ANCHOR: Hi, good morning to you, Maria. Just back moments ago from an interview with a senior official at China's Ministry of Commerce who told me that the Chinese are making what he described as active preparations for that meeting. Wang Hejun going on to say that the headline as you see so to come out of next week's G20 will be that the two leaders had a good meeting, they reached some consensus and they will agree to meet again.However, in the interview, I did not get the idea that China sees a trade deal as being right around the corner. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MCSHANE: There are certain matters in which China will not give ground. What are those matters?WANG HEJUN, SENIOR OFFICIAL, CHINA'S MINISTRY OF COMMERCE (through translator): That refers to the red line issues that involve China's sovereignty, we will give no ground on that.MCSHANE: What about intellectual property, is that a red line issue?HEJUN: It's not. The Chinese government has established an innovation- driven strategy, strengthening I.P. and protection and law enforcement have always been our policies.(END VIDEO CLIP)MCSHANE: Now, I pressed him some more on intellectual property, Maria. He said American companies, Apple and Qualcomm, for example are always fighting to get out over I.P. and he said that a broad allegation that China is somehow wholesale stealing from America is, quote, groundless.Two other quick points to make, one, Mr. Wang did not rule out a change to Chinese laws part of the trade talks which will be important to people who are following the talks and he also did not deny that China backtracked the last time around. In fact, he says at an example to me that President Trump backed out of TPP, so the United States should be used to this kind of thing. Maria, back to you.BARTIROMO: All right. Connell, thanks so much. Great job from Connell McShane in Beijing all week.Still ahead, my interview with Blackstone chairman, CEO, and co-founder, Steven Schwarzman, next hour, MORNINGS WITH MARIA.Load-Date: June 19, 2019End of Document

State Department Issues Press Briefing With Deputy Assistant Secretary StrayerTargeted News ServiceApril 16, 2019 Tuesday 10:17 PM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 3931 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: BRUSSELS, Belgium BodyThe U.S. Department of State issued the transcript of the following special briefing by Robert Strayer, deputy assistant secretary of the Cyber and International Affairs and Information Policy Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs:Moderator: Greetings to everyone from the U.S. European Media Hub in Brussels. I would like to welcome our participants dialing in from around Europe and thank all of you for joining this discussion.Today we are pleased to be joined from Washington by Robert Strayer, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Cyber and InternationalCommunications and Information Policy in the U.S. State Department's Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs. DAS Strayer will discuss U.S. policies on 5G technology. We thank you, DAS Strayer, for taking the time to speak with us today.We will begin today's call with opening remarks from DAS Strayer and then we will turn to your questions. We will try to get to as many as we can during the time that we have. As a reminder, today's call is on the record.With that, I will turn it over to DAS Strayer.DAS Strayer: Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon everyone in Europe. I'm part of the team at the State Department that leads our international engagements on 5G security issues.I want to start with a little bit of discussion of what 5G will mean for all of society and then some specific concerns about security.Starting at the high end, 5G will be truly transformational relative to what we have our 4G networks. It will empower all the internet of things devices. Everything from telemedicine to autonomous transportation networks which would include autonomous vehicles to automated manufacturing. It will be able to do this because we're going to see in many cases throughput speeds of more than 100 times what we see currently in 4G networks. We're also going to see very low latency or very low delay, down to one millisecond, which is critical for things like autonomous vehicles. So 5G will really start touching all parts of our lives because it will be the underlying infrastructure for so much of the critical services that are provided to the public. So if a 5G network fails, there would be significant ramifications for all parts of society.We are urging countries around the world to carefully consider how they adopt a risk-based framework for security relative to the construction of 5G networks. That includes looking at the supply chain of the vendors that would be part of their 5G infrastructure.In particular, we think it's very important that countries deploying 5G networks consider the relationship between a foreign government where a vendor is headquartered and the companies themselves in that country.When we look at the Chinese laws relative to intelligence and national security, those allow the Chinese government to direct the actions of companies for their national interests of China, as well as require the companies to then maintain secrecy about the actions they've taken at the direction of the Chinese Community Party.It's very important to distinguish how Western democracies operate relative to their private sector companies and vendors and how the Chinese government operates with its companies. They don't have the ability to go to court. They're basically under direction, what we would call extrajudicial command of the Community Party of China from the Executive to take actions when requested by the government. There's not the same rule of law that we consider a part of our daily lives in all of our business dealings in Western democracies. That leads us to significant concerns about a Chinese-based vendor being the lead integrator for 5G networks.We also think one should carefully consider arguments about the pricing. There's the assertion that Chinese technology is cheaper. We think in the long run, because of the very significant number of vulnerabilities that have been exposed, for example in the United Kingdom, the Huawei Oversight Report which found hundreds of point vulnerabilities in Huawei networks, that the long term cost to have to patch those vulnerabilities and address what they consider in the UK to be very weak engineering practices, sort of even up the cost in some ways.Furthermore, there's been much assertion about the cost, but it's actually a lot about the financing of it. The Chinese government through state-owned banks and other sources have provided in some cases zero interest, 20-year loan offers which are not commercially reasonable. That kind of unfair playing field is not one that Western technologists should have to compete with. It should be a level playing field for technology vendors.Lastly, there's a cross subsidization that's probably occurring in the Chinese market. They can get large profits on what they sell to the Chinese market, which they largely have under their control through the government, and then use shot subsidies to then offer lower prices in our markets in the West.With that, I think I'll open it up to questions.Moderator: Thank you very much for those remarks. We will now begin the question and answer portion of today's call.Ur first question comes to us from Cassell Bryan-Low with Thomson-Reuters.Question: Hi, how are you doing? I've got a couple of questions, but I'll stick with one and if there's time later I'll come back with the other.There's been reports in recent days that U.S. officials are now happy with Germany's approach to Huawei of setting strict 5G standards but not banning Huawei. The U.S. end game had been, at least previously, to encourage countries to ban Huawei. Are the reports about U.S. approval of the German approach accurate? And just more generally, has there been a change in the U.S. stance on Huawei and 5G?DAS Strayer: Thanks for that question.Our international engagement has been very consistent. We have encouraged countries to adopt risk-based security frameworks. And we think that a rigorous application of those frameworks, because if they include supply chain security risk and the consideration of the relationship between a 5G vendor and their government will lead inevitably to the banning of Huawei and ZTE. But at this point we're looking for governments to adopt security standards like we're seeing in Germany. We think it was a very positive step forward in the Germany standards, which I'd note are still out for comment from what I understand. They're not finalized. But in particular they say that they will review for secrecy of telecommunications and for data protection. So we think when you look at that necessity, when it's lined up with the Chinese intelligence laws, it's hard to see how Chinese technology would meet that standard for protection of data.Moderator: Thank you.Our next question comes to us from Natasha [Bernall] with the Daily Telegraph in the UK.Question: Hi. This is a really quick one, just about the UK side of things. The UK Oversight Board, although it was quite stringent in its review of Huawei's progress and all the lack thereof that they were claiming in the security side of things, it did not recommend banning Huawei from critical infrastructure in the UK. Is that the aim of the U.S. at the moment? Because Huawei has been claiming that they've been unfairly targeted as a company by the U.S. authorities. What do you say to that?DAS Strayer: I would go back to the point that we're making about, we don't think that, based on risk-based security standards that Huawei or ZTE meet the standard of trust, being a trusted enough vendor that countries should put their equipment into their 5G networks because of all that will critically ride, including critical infrastructure services, on 5G networks.With the UK in particular, we're close partners with the United Kingdom, of course, and there's an ongoing dialogue about the policy implications of what was identified in that report regarding the vulnerabilities and the very weak engineering practices which I've seen in numerous sort of public statements.It's very important to note that the oversight report cannot be a policy document in itself because Huawei is on the board that approves the report. So that would be very odd, that can't be the government's policy document on this matter.Moderator: For our next question, we will turn to Elias Groll with Foreign Policy.Question: Thanks for doing this call.It seems like American allies are moving forward with 5G networks and in particular you see Thailand and South Korea moving forward. And you see American intelligence officials making statements about getting ready for a 5G world in which Huawei's a part of these networks, and trying to work with [dirty] networks.Is the risk-based approach that you're talking about here, is that your response to a world in which Huawei is inevitably going to be a part of this network, these kinds of networks?DAS Strayer: When I'm using the term risk-based I'm really referring to the way that we should assess even on the front end of the risk, not importing risk from untrusted vendors.To address the point about folks have been talking about how one could engage with, if you will, a less safe network, that's a separate ongoing process that would have to occur.We know that it would be very difficult for us to share information the way that we have in the past if there are unsecured networks that we're having to rely upon, and unsecure equipment in those networks. But we haven't made any policy decisions yet about actually how we would move forward. We just know it would be very difficult and it might interfere with our ability to collaborate in ways that we have in the past.I will say just to your point, kind of separate from what was kind of implied in your question. I think when you see some of these announcements about memorandums of understanding, many of those are just intents to cooperate or intents to do research and development. They're not actual contracts to do the full build-out of a network yet, or of networks.5G is going to evolve over a period of years based on the use cases. There will be some cases of handsets, more like the 4G network. But the really transformational things would be all these other applications that are going to occur perhaps first on a college campus or in a hospital or a manufacturing facility.So we shouldn't put too much weight on just raw numbers or people sort of throwing out oh, this contract, this terms of agreement was signed. It's important one, of course, for one to look at the terms of the agreement itself.Moderator: Thank you very much.For our next question we will go to one submitted in advance by Michele Pierri with Cyber Affairs in Italy, who asks:Question: Will there be consequences for the exchange of intelligence between Italy and the U.S. if Huawei and other Chinese companies are not kept out of the 5G development in the country? Do you consider Italy's response to this issue to be satisfactory after U.S. alarms?DAS Strayer: Thanks for that. We're continuing to talk to all of our partners in Europe as well as our NATO allies. We still are engaging in discussions with Italy and others. We think, as I said before, it could affect our ability to share intelligence information and it would, if the actual policies that would have to be put in place to address the security risks are ones that would still have to be developed, but we're hopeful that we can talk to Italy among other countries about not putting unsecure equipment into their 5G network.Moderator: Thank you.For our next question, we will go to Konrad Schuller who is with Frankfurter Allgemeine in Germany.Question: Hi. I would like to ask a follow-up question to the previous one.You say the use of insecure Huawei components might affect the ability to share intelligence information.Now are we talking here of black and white? Of yes and no? I'm asking this because there are models being discussed in Germany where they say let us distinguish between the core elements and more marginal elements and exclude certain vendors for security reasons from the core elements, but admit them to the more marginal ones.So are these thoughts something that you could make a statement on? Would this influence your decision whether to share intelligence with such countries?DAS Strayer: Thanks for that question. I will say that our overall concern is beyond intelligence. Of course it's about all the critical cooperation we have in the economic sphere, our very interconnected economies. More data flows between the United States and Europe than anywhere in the world, so we need to make sure that we're able to interoperate and provide all that critical infrastructure that facilitates our economy and our general public.We also have so much more cooperation beyond intelligence, of course, on the front of military, of all kinds of other national security interests beyond intelligence.So it will no doubt, if there is untrusted vendors in another country's network, harm our ability to cooperate in those overall, in a number of aspects. As it relates to intelligence, that's why I used the word might. It depends. But our concern is quite significant about the deployment of untrusted vendors in networks.We view there to be no relevant distinction between the core and the edge of a 5G network. That distinction had existed in 4G networks because you basically had you'd say a smart core where the intelligence and the software were at, and the edge was dumb they sort of called it because it was just for the transmission of data to the core.In a 5G network much of the smart computing capacity that needs to be done because of the need to have very low latency and sort of immediate response, immediate computing, will move to the edge. So we need to be sure the infrastructure that undergirds that as well is just as secure as the core. So we don't think there's a meaningful distinction between the core and the edge.I've also heard some propose that there be source code reviews. There's hundreds of millions of lines of source code in current 4G networks, in their operating system. It only takes one line of code with a vulnerability to potentially disrupt the operations of a system. So there's not really a practical way for human beings, and even with the assistance of automated tools, to review all those lines of source code. We think, especially as we move to 5G which will have even more software embedded into it, it will dramatically increase an adversary's potential to attack a service area where they can take advantage of the software. We think it's even more important to have trust in the vendor and not have to rely on source code reviews.Moderator: Thank you very much.For our next question we will go to Joe Tidy who is with the BBC.Question: Hello. I was just wondering what's the kind of motivation for this press call today? Because as far as I can tell there's nothing sort of new that you're announcing or giving us. Is it just sort of the ongoing, if you like, public lobbying? Is that what this is about?DAS Strayer: I think that's a fair statement that we've been, I've personally done dozens of meetings with foreign counterparts and we're keeping up our campaign to explain ourselves and our points of view. We know that countries in Europe will make their own sovereign decisions, both in a national basis and through maybe a harmonized EU framework, so we keep wanting to share our views and our concerns about these security matters. We know it's going to be a period of not just months but probably years that we'll be discussing 5G security because, as I mentioned before, these use cases for 5G are going to take some time to actually roll out into the field.Moderator: Thank you.For our next question we will turn to Scott Morris with Bloomberg.Question: Thanks. Bob, I wonder if you can help us understand where things stand with China. Has the U.S. had any conversations with Chinese officials about Huawei and 5G?DAS Strayer: I can say that we've still raised concerns separately from Huawei and 5G I guess, generally that we are still concerned about Chinese theft of intellectual property through cyber means. We still consider that to be a very significant issue. But I can't talk about other particular issues related to those trade discussions.Moderator: Thank you.Our next question comes to us from Laurens Cerulus who is with Politico Europe.Question: Hi, Rob. I had a question concerning sort of the higher international level, G7 and G20. This issue is on the agenda for the G7 mid-May and I think on the follow-up meeting for G20 countries. So my question is at what extent are you confident that there will be consensus on this at the G7 meeting mid-May? And then how can you sort of bring this forward through G20, the broad group of G20 countries?DAS Strayer: Thanks for the question.The G7 countries, many in the G7 and the G20 are some of our closest allies. Each of these G7, G20 formats have their own kind of idiosyncrasies or particularities that we're obviously talking about 5G with those countries, but I don't know if it will end up being in the actual statement document or something like that.I will say that we're going to continue to work very closely with those countries. There's a number of ways that we could see common statements about the uses of data that we consider to be in line with our views and consistent with our values that are in opposition to what China has done with data and the theft of intellectual property. Exactly 15 countries, the U.S. and 14 others, joined together on December 20th to say that we know it was China through their APT10 Group that compromised globally cloud infrastructure in what they called managed service providers to steal intellectual property from more than a dozen countries including France, Germany, the United States, United Kingdom. Stole that information and then used it to give to their own companies so they had a competitive advantage.So there are statements like that that occur that I think are showing our cohesiveness on the issues. So I don't know that we'll necessarily see something 5G related in the G7 or G20 final statements, but it's certainly something that the countries that participate in those forums are well aware of.Moderator: Thank you.For our next question we will turn to Victor Ferreira with Publico in Portugal.Question: Hello. A few questions.Did you present any evidence to any of the governments or any national cyber security agencies or any other stakeholders in these countries?Also, up until now it seems clear that no European government is following the U.S. position on this. So my question is what will the State Department do in the near future in terms of this lobbying campaign that it has been going on?And lastly, tech supply has been an open market up until now, and what U.S. is asking for is to close these open markets for two companies specifically.My question is, wouldn't it be more appropriate and in the interest of all consumers and all companies to address the security fears that the United States has directly with the companies involved?DAS Strayer: There's a few questions there and I'll try to answer all three. They're all very good questions.First, the evidence question. This sort of goes back to, we've been asked that a number of times. I think it's important to distinguish what we're talking about here. We're not talking about 4G networks, we're talking about a 5G network that's not yet built. So it's somewhat speculative to say what's the evidence the Chinese will take advantage of 5G with all these new services, potentially during a time of escalatory conflict to cause that system to be disruptive.The concerns that we have are related to not just espionage, which is sort of the back door argument, it is about the potential to disrupt or to alter the quality of the service that's being provided over these networks.We've seen of course that large number of vulnerabilities in the Huawei equipment that the United States has been studying as part of their 4G. They have the same number of vulnerabilities. That combined with the Chinese government's, the Communist Party's willingness to steal intellectual property data in the commercial sense, and the way that they treat their own citizens relative to personal data. That is the use of DNA, the acquisition of DNA data, the use of facial recognition technology to track people, to identify them by religion, and then to send some of them to reeducation camps, I think that should give us in the West tremendous pause about how a government that can command its companies to follow its orders would act in the future if they are providing the underlying infrastructure for our critical services.On the point about following the United States, we actually think that we are where we need to be at this point in Europe. That is with the German standard that came out on March 7th, with the considerations of a new law in France, with the European Union's first Parliament resolution saying you need to look very closely at 5G supply chain security. And then that was, of course, followed by the Council decision and then the Commission recommendations on March 27th. We think that is exactly the kind of risk-based framework that needs to be put in place. Even the Commission recommendation noted that analysis needed to be done of the third party country's laws and legal system that is in place.So we think that is exactly where things should be at this point.On the point about banning technology. We're not for banning technology. We're for employing this risk-based framework where we see the lack of rule of law, the ability of a government to assert control over its own companies in the way that China does. The way to sort of change this would be for China to adopt a rule of law system that we have in our Western countries.To your point before: We have sanctioned, and so has I believe Europe, companies that we've determined to be acting in ways that are not consistent with our values or our concerns about following the law. We sanctioned individuals that were part of that APT10 hack of managed service providers. We sanctioned their companies as well. So this would not be -- I don't really want to put the two on equivalent grounds because what we're asking is not for them to be sanctioned or anything like that. We're asking for the national security decision to be made. But it's definitely been true in the past that companies that have been bad actors have been scrutinized and either charged criminally or sanctioned.And of course as you probably know, we have charges against Huawei for a long term campaign to deceive a number of international banks about the nature of their relationship with a subsidiary company in Iran, and we've also charged them for the theft of intellectual property related to T-Mobile and they actually have a campaign in place to provide bonuses to employees based on the amount of intellectual property that they stole.So I think there's malign activity relative to these countries that it shouldn't be surprising that we've got concerns about.Moderator: Thank you. Unfortunately that was the last question we have time for.DAS Strayer, do you have any closing words you would like to offer?DAS Strayer: Nope, that's it. I think I said everything I want to say. I appreciate everyone's time.Moderator: Thank you very much, DAS Strayer, for joining us, and thank all of our journalists for participating and for your questions.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6698922 TeamManagerLoad-Date: April 19, 2019End of Document

TELEPHONIC PRESS BRIEFING WITH DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY ROBERT STRAYER CYBER AND INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS AND INFORMATION POLICY BUREAU OF ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS AFFAIRSStates News ServiceApril 10, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 3875 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: BRUSSELS, Belgium BodyThe following information was released by the U.S. Department of State:Moderator: Greetings to everyone from the U.S. European Media Hub in Brussels. I would like to welcome our participants dialing in from around Europe and thank all of you for joining this discussion.Today we are pleased to be joined from Washington by Robert Strayer, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Cyber and InternationalCommunications and Information Policy in the U.S. State Departments Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs. DAS Strayer will discuss U.S. policies on 5G technology. We thank you, DAS Strayer, for taking the time to speak with us today.We will begin todays call with opening remarks from DAS Strayer and then we will turn to your questions. We will try to get to as many as we can during the time that we have. As a reminder, todays call is on the record.With that, I will turn it over to DAS Strayer.DAS Strayer: Thank you, Kathy. Good afternoon everyone in Europe. Im part of the team at the State Department that leads our international engagements on 5G security issues.I want to start with a little bit of discussion of what 5G will mean for all of society and then some specific concerns about security.Starting at the high end, 5G will be truly transformational relative to what we have our 4G networks. It will empower all the internet of things devices. Everything from telemedicine to autonomous transportation networks which would include autonomous vehicles to automated manufacturing. It will be able to do this because were going to see in many cases throughput speeds of more than 100 times what we see currently in 4G networks. Were also going to see very low latency or very low delay, down to one millisecond, which is critical for things like autonomous vehicles. So 5G will really start touching all parts of our lives because it will be the underlying infrastructure for so much of the critical services that are provided to the public. So if a 5G network fails, there would be significant ramifications for all parts of society.We are urging countries around the world to carefully consider how they adopt a risk-based framework for security relative to the construction of 5G networks. That includes looking at the supply chain of the vendors that would be part of their 5G infrastructure.In particular, we think its very important that countries deploying 5G networks consider the relationship between a foreign government where a vendor is headquartered and the companies themselves in that country.When we look at the Chinese laws relative to intelligence and national security, those allow the Chinese government to direct the actions of companies for their national interests of China, as well as require the companies to then maintain secrecy about the actions theyve taken at the direction of the Chinese Community Party.Its very important to distinguish how Western democracies operate relative to their private sector companies and vendors and how the Chinese government operates with its companies. They dont have the ability to go to court. Theyre basically under direction, what we would call extrajudicial command of the Community Party of China from the Executive to take actions when requested by the government. Theres not the same rule of law that we consider a part of our daily lives in all of our business dealings in Western democracies. That leads us to significant concerns about a Chinese-based vendor being the lead integrator for 5G networks.We also think one should carefully consider arguments about the pricing. Theres the assertion that Chinese technology is cheaper. We think in the long run, because of the very significant number of vulnerabilities that have been exposed, for example in the United Kingdom, the Huawei Oversight Report which found hundreds of point vulnerabilities in Huawei networks, that the long term cost to have to patch those vulnerabilities and address what they consider in the UK to be very weak engineering practices, sort of even up the cost in some ways.Furthermore, theres been much assertion about the cost, but its actually a lot about the financing of it. The Chinese government through state-owned banks and other sources have provided in some cases zero interest, 20-year loan offers which are not commercially reasonable. That kind of unfair playing field is not one that Western technologists should have to compete with. It should be a level playing field for technology vendors.Lastly, theres a cross subsidization thats probably occurring in the Chinese market. They can get large profits on what they sell to the Chinese market, which they largely have under their control through the government, and then use shot subsidies to then offer lower prices in our markets in the West.With that, I think Ill open it up to questions.Moderator: Thank you very much for those remarks. We will now begin the question and answer portion of todays call.Ur first question comes to us from Cassell Bryan-Low with Thomson-Reuters.Question: Hi, how are you doing? Ive got a couple of questions, but Ill stick with one and if theres time later Ill come back with the other.Theres been reports in recent days that U.S. officials are now happy with Germanys approach to Huawei of setting strict 5G standards but not banning Huawei. The U.S. end game had been, at least previously, to encourage countries to ban Huawei. Are the reports about U.S. approval of the German approach accurate? And just more generally, has there been a change in the U.S. stance on Huawei and 5G?DAS Strayer: Thanks for that question.Our international engagement has been very consistent. We have encouraged countries to adopt risk-based security frameworks. And we think that a rigorous application of those frameworks, because if they include supply chain security risk and the consideration of the relationship between a 5G vendor and their government will lead inevitably to the banning of Huawei and ZTE. But at this point were looking for governments to adopt security standards like were seeing in Germany. We think it was a very positive step forward in the Germany standards, which Id note are still out for comment from what I understand. Theyre not finalized. But in particular they say that they will review for secrecy of telecommunications and for data protection. So we think when you look at that necessity, when its lined up with the Chinese intelligence laws, its hard to see how Chinese technology would meet that standard for protection of data.Moderator: Thank you.Our next question comes to us from Natasha [Bernall] with the Daily Telegraph in the UK.Question: Hi. This is a really quick one, just about the UK side of things. The UK Oversight Board, although it was quite stringent in its review of Huaweis progress and all the lack thereof that they were claiming in the security side of things, it did not recommend banning Huawei from critical infrastructure in the UK. Is that the aim of the U.S. at the moment? Because Huawei has been claiming that theyve been unfairly targeted as a company by the U.S. authorities. What do you say to that?DAS Strayer: I would go back to the point that were making about, we dont think that, based on risk-based security standards that Huawei or ZTE meet the standard of trust, being a trusted enough vendor that countries should put their equipment into their 5G networks because of all that will critically ride, including critical infrastructure services, on 5G networks.With the UK in particular, were close partners with the United Kingdom, of course, and theres an ongoing dialogue about the policy implications of what was identified in that report regarding the vulnerabilities and the very weak engineering practices which Ive seen in numerous sort of public statements.Its very important to note that the oversight report cannot be a policy document in itself because Huawei is on the board that approves the report. So that would be very odd, that cant be the governments policy document on this matter.Moderator: For our next question, we will turn to Elias Groll with Foreign Policy.Question: Thanks for doing this call.It seems like American allies are moving forward with 5G networks and in particular you see Thailand and South Korea moving forward. And you see American intelligence officials making statements about getting ready for a 5G world in which Huaweis a part of these networks, and trying to work with [dirty] networks.Is the risk-based approach that youre talking about here, is that your response to a world in which Huawei is inevitably going to be a part of this network, these kinds of networks?DAS Strayer: When Im using the term risk-based Im really referring to the way that we should assess even on the front end of the risk, not importing risk from untrusted vendors.To address the point about folks have been talking about how one could engage with, if you will, a less safe network, thats a separate ongoing process that would have to occur.We know that it would be very difficult for us to share information the way that we have in the past if there are unsecured networks that were having to rely upon, and unsecure equipment in those networks. But we havent made any policy decisions yet about actually how we would move forward. We just know it would be very difficult and it might interfere with our ability to collaborate in ways that we have in the past.I will say just to your point, kind of separate from what was kind of implied in your question. I think when you see some of these announcements about memorandums of understanding, many of those are just intents to cooperate or intents to do research and development. Theyre not actual contracts to do the full build-out of a network yet, or of networks.5G is going to evolve over a period of years based on the use cases. There will be some cases of handsets, more like the 4G network. But the really transformational things would be all these other applications that are going to occur perhaps first on a college campus or in a hospital or a manufacturing facility.So we shouldnt put too much weight on just raw numbers or people sort of throwing out oh, this contract, this terms of agreement was signed. Its important one, of course, for one to look at the terms of the agreement itself.Moderator: Thank you very much.For our next question we will go to one submitted in advance by Michele Pierri with Cyber Affairs in Italy, who asks:Question: Will there be consequences for the exchange of intelligence between Italy and the U.S. if Huawei and other Chinese companies are not kept out of the 5G development in the country? Do you consider Italys response to this issue to be satisfactory after U.S. alarms?DAS Strayer: Thanks for that. Were continuing to talk to all of our partners in Europe as well as our NATO allies. We still are engaging in discussions with Italy and others. We think, as I said before, it could affect our ability to share intelligence information and it would, if the actual policies that would have to be put in place to address the security risks are ones that would still have to be developed, but were hopeful that we can talk to Italy among other countries about not putting unsecure equipment into their 5G network.Moderator: Thank you.For our next question, we will go to Konrad Schuller who is with Frankfurter Allgemeine in Germany.Question: Hi. I would like to ask a follow-up question to the previous one.You say the use of insecure Huawei components might affect the ability to share intelligence information.Now are we talking here of black and white? Of yes and no? Im asking this because there are models being discussed in Germany where they say let us distinguish between the core elements and more marginal elements and exclude certain vendors for security reasons from the core elements, but admit them to the more marginal ones.So are these thoughts something that you could make a statement on? Would this influence your decision whether to share intelligence with such countries?DAS Strayer: Thanks for that question. I will say that our overall concern is beyond intelligence. Of course its about all the critical cooperation we have in the economic sphere, our very interconnected economies. More data flows between the United States and Europe than anywhere in the world, so we need to make sure that were able to interoperate and provide all that critical infrastructure that facilitates our economy and our general public.We also have so much more cooperation beyond intelligence, of course, on the front of military, of all kinds of other national security interests beyond intelligence.So it will no doubt, if there is untrusted vendors in another countrys network, harm our ability to cooperate in those overall, in a number of aspects. As it relates to intelligence, thats why I used the word might. It depends. But our concern is quite significant about the deployment of untrusted vendors in networks.We view there to be no relevant distinction between the core and the edge of a 5G network. That distinction had existed in 4G networks because you basically had youd say a smart core where the intelligence and the software were at, and the edge was dumb they sort of called it because it was just for the transmission of data to the core.In a 5G network much of the smart computing capacity that needs to be done because of the need to have very low latency and sort of immediate response, immediate computing, will move to the edge. So we need to be sure the infrastructure that undergirds that as well is just as secure as the core. So we dont think theres a meaningful distinction between the core and the edge.Ive also heard some propose that there be source code reviews. Theres hundreds of millions of lines of source code in current 4G networks, in their operating system. It only takes one line of code with a vulnerability to potentially disrupt the operations of a system. So theres not really a practical way for human beings, and even with the assistance of automated tools, to review all those lines of source code. We think, especially as we move to 5G which will have even more software embedded into it, it will dramatically increase an adversarys potential to attack a service area where they can take advantage of the software. We think its even more important to have trust in the vendor and not have to rely on source code reviews.Moderator: Thank you very much.For our next question we will go to Joe Tidy who is with the BBC.Question: Hello. I was just wondering whats the kind of motivation for this press call today? Because as far as I can tell theres nothing sort of new that youre announcing or giving us. Is it just sort of the ongoing, if you like, public lobbying? Is that what this is about?DAS Strayer: I think thats a fair statement that weve been, Ive personally done dozens of meetings with foreign counterparts and were keeping up our campaign to explain ourselves and our points of view. We know that countries in Europe will make their own sovereign decisions, both in a national basis and through maybe a harmonized EU framework, so we keep wanting to share our views and our concerns about these security matters. We know its going to be a period of not just months but probably years that well be discussing 5G security because, as I mentioned before, these use cases for 5G are going to take some time to actually roll out into the field.Moderator: Thank you.For our next question we will turn to Scott Morris with Bloomberg.Question: Thanks. Bob, I wonder if you can help us understand where things stand with China. Has the U.S. had any conversations with Chinese officials about Huawei and 5G?DAS Strayer: I can say that weve still raised concerns separately from Huawei and 5G I guess, generally that we are still concerned about Chinese theft of intellectual property through cyber means. We still consider that to be a very significant issue. But I cant talk about other particular issues related to those trade discussions.Moderator: Thank you.Our next question comes to us from Laurens Cerulus who is with Politico Europe.Question: Hi, Rob. I had a question concerning sort of the higher international level, G7 and G20. This issue is on the agenda for the G7 mid-May and I think on the follow-up meeting for G20 countries. So my question is at what extent are you confident that there will be consensus on this at the G7 meeting mid-May? And then how can you sort of bring this forward through G20, the broad group of G20 countries?DAS Strayer: Thanks for the question.The G7 countries, many in the G7 and the G20 are some of our closest allies. Each of these G7, G20 formats have their own kind of idiosyncrasies or particularities that were obviously talking about 5G with those countries, but I dont know if it will end up being in the actual statement document or something like that.I will say that were going to continue to work very closely with those countries. Theres a number of ways that we could see common statements about the uses of data that we consider to be in line with our views and consistent with our values that are in opposition to what China has done with data and the theft of intellectual property. Exactly 15 countries, the U.S. and 14 others, joined together on December 20th to say that we know it was China through their APT10 Group that compromised globally cloud infrastructure in what they called managed service providers to steal intellectual property from more than a dozen countries including France, Germany, the United States, United Kingdom. Stole that information and then used it to give to their own companies so they had a competitive advantage.So there are statements like that that occur that I think are showing our cohesiveness on the issues. So I dont know that well necessarily see something 5G related in the G7 or G20 final statements, but its certainly something that the countries that participate in those forums are well aware of.Moderator: Thank you.For our next question we will turn to Victor Ferreira with Publico in Portugal.Question: Hello. A few questions.Did you present any evidence to any of the governments or any national cyber security agencies or any other stakeholders in these countries?Also, up until now it seems clear that no European government is following the U.S. position on this. So my question is what will the State Department do in the near future in terms of this lobbying campaign that it has been going on?And lastly, tech supply has been an open market up until now, and what U.S. is asking for is to close these open markets for two companies specifically.My question is, wouldnt it be more appropriate and in the interest of all consumers and all companies to address the security fears that the United States has directly with the companies involved?DAS Strayer: Theres a few questions there and Ill try to answer all three. Theyre all very good questions.First, the evidence question. This sort of goes back to, weve been asked that a number of times. I think its important to distinguish what were talking about here. Were not talking about 4G networks, were talking about a 5G network thats not yet built. So its somewhat speculative to say whats the evidence the Chinese will take advantage of 5G with all these new services, potentially during a time of escalatory conflict to cause that system to be disruptive.The concerns that we have are related to not just espionage, which is sort of the back door argument, it is about the potential to disrupt or to alter the quality of the service thats being provided over these networks.Weve seen of course that large number of vulnerabilities in the Huawei equipment that the United States has been studying as part of their 4G. They have the same number of vulnerabilities. That combined with the Chinese governments, the Communist Partys willingness to steal intellectual property data in the commercial sense, and the way that they treat their own citizens relative to personal data. That is the use of DNA, the acquisition of DNA data, the use of facial recognition technology to track people, to identify them by religion, and then to send some of them to reeducation camps, I think that should give us in the West tremendous pause about how a government that can command its companies to follow its orders would act in the future if they are providing the underlying infrastructure for our critical services.On the point about following the United States, we actually think that we are where we need to be at this point in Europe. That is with the German standard that came out on March 7th, with the considerations of a new law in France, with the European Unions first Parliament resolution saying you need to look very closely at 5G supply chain security. And then that was, of course, followed by the Council decision and then the Commission recommendations on March 27th. We think that is exactly the kind of risk-based framework that needs to be put in place. Even the Commission recommendation noted that analysis needed to be done of the third party countrys laws and legal system that is in place.So we think that is exactly where things should be at this point.On the point about banning technology. Were not for banning technology. Were for employing this risk-based framework where we see the lack of rule of law, the ability of a government to assert control over its own companies in the way that China does. The way to sort of change this would be for China to adopt a rule of law system that we have in our Western countries.To your point before: We have sanctioned, and so has I believe Europe, companies that weve determined to be acting in ways that are not consistent with our values or our concerns about following the law. We sanctioned individuals that were part of that APT10 hack of managed service providers. We sanctioned their companies as well. So this would not be -- I dont really want to put the two on equivalent grounds because what were asking is not for them to be sanctioned or anything like that. Were asking for the national security decision to be made. But its definitely been true in the past that companies that have been bad actors have been scrutinized and either charged criminally or sanctioned.And of course as you probably know, we have charges against Huawei for a long term campaign to deceive a number of international banks about the nature of their relationship with a subsidiary company in Iran, and weve also charged them for the theft of intellectual property related to T-Mobile and they actually have a campaign in place to provide bonuses to employees based on the amount of intellectual property that they stole.So I think theres malign activity relative to these countries that it shouldnt be surprising that weve got concerns about.Moderator: Thank you. Unfortunately that was the last question we have time for.DAS Strayer, do you have any closing words you would like to offer?DAS Strayer: Nope, thats it. I think I said everything I want to say. I appreciate everyones time.Moderator: Thank you very much, DAS Strayer, for joining us, and thank all of our journalists for participating and for your questions.Load-Date: April 11, 2019End of Document

HOTELS IN CHINESE CITIES NEAR NORTH KOREAN BORDER FORCED TO BLOCK ACCESS TO SOUTH KOREAN TVStates News ServiceJune 13, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 625 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:Chinese authorities have ordered hotels in cities close to North Korea's border that cater to business travelers from the North to remove satellite dishes capable of receiving signals for South Korean television, an order that came at the request of the Pyongyang government, sources in the region told RFA's Korean service.Within North Korea, the government controls the media that its citizens have access to. Reception of foreign broadcasts, especially from South Korea, is a punishable offense in the North.Sources say that watching South Korean media while on short visits to China is a very common practice for North Korean business travelers, but now they will find it more difficult to tune in to broadcasts from the South while on sojourn in Chinese border cities like Dandong."Most of the hotel rooms here in Dandong had satellite service, so we were able to watch South Korean TV shows," said a source in Dandong in an interview with RFA's Korean Service."But they started removing the receivers for South Korean broadcasts, so we can't watch South Korean TV anymore," the source said.The source said that offering access to South Korean TV was a recent effort by the hotels to attract more guests, but the hotels were asked to remove their satellite dishes only shortly after they were put up."It seems like Chinese authorities ordered them to do so," the source said."It's highly likely that the North Korean authorities, burdened by the fact that North Korean guests were watching South Korean TV, asked China to remove the satellite receiver," said the source.The removal has lowered the mood of North Korean travelers to Dandong, according to the source."Now the North Koreans feel sad that they can't watch South Korean TV in their hotel rooms. They usually receive education and instructions from the State Security department about avoiding South Korean TV broadcasts before leaving North Korea, but nobody actually avoids it [once they are in China,]" said the source.But the source revealed that travelers are still finding ways to watch TV from the South."Some of the more frequent travelers are choosing to stay at private guest houses instead of hotels. These guest houses are operated by people who rent out rooms in their apartments. Guests not only have access to South Korean TV, but broadcasts from all over the world," said the source.A second source, also from Dandong, said, "Given that the hotel guests who usually watch South Korean TV shows are North Koreans, it is highly likely that the North Korean authorities asked China to remove the receivers.""Recently, Chinese authorities have been blocking access to South Korea's internet portal sites, Daum and Naver," the second source said.Naver and Daum are with Google, the three most popular search engines in the hyper-connected South. According to a 2015 report by Christian Science Monitor, Naver's South Korean market share at that time was 80%.The second source said that the move by Chinese authorities to limit access to South Korean TV might not have been simply a favor to North Korea, as the Chinese government itself feels threatened by the rapid influx of South Korean culture, known in the South and other parts of Asia and the world as hallyu, or the "Korean Wave."Meanwhile, local sources say that South Korean broadcasts are also not available at hotels in Yanji, a city near the border with North Korea in Jillin province, nor in Shenyang. But travelers can get access to South Korean broadcasts at restaurants and cafes operated by South Koreans or ethnic-Korean citizens of China.Reported by Joonho Kim for RFA's Korean Service. Translated by Leejin Jun. Written in English by Eugene Whong.Load-Date: June 13, 2019End of Document

After a Record-Breaking Year in 2018, Herbalife Nutrition Reports Highest First Quarter Volume Points in Company HistoryBusiness WireMay 2, 2019 Thursday 8:10 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business EditorsLength: 4966 wordsDateline: LOS ANGELES BodyHerbalife Nutrition Ltd. (NYSE: HLF) today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2019:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190502005864/en/First Quarter 2019 Earnings Infographic (Graphic: Business Wire)"In the first quarter of 2019, the momentum of our geographically diverse business continued with net sales growth in four of our six regions. We are confident that our strategies will drive volume growth in 2019," said Michael O. Johnson, Chairman and CEO of Herbalife Nutrition.QUARTER HIGHLIGHTS• Reported net sales of $1.2 billion included growth in four of our six regions and was approximately flat compared to first quarter 2018. Excluding China, net sales increased 6% compared to the first quarter 2018.• Volume points of 1.5 billion increased 6% compared to the prior year period1, the highest first quarter in Company history. Excluding China, volume points increased 10% compared to the prior year period.• First quarter reported diluted EPS of $0.66 and adjusted2 earnings of $0.66 per adjusted3 diluted share, both of which were negatively impacted by expenses of approximately $0.7 million or $0.00 per diluted share and adjusted3 diluted share, respectively, related to the China Growth and Impact Investment Program.• In mid-April, the Chinese government concluded a 100-day review of the health products industry, which led to a significant decrease in company and service provider meetings during the first quarter. While the Company and service providers are proceeding in a methodical manner, local government approvals for meetings in May are ramping up significantly and meetings have already begun.• Due to this recent slowdown in China, the Company is revising full year 2019 volume point guidance to a range of 0.5% - 6.5% growth, net sales guidance to a range of (1.0%) - 5.0%, as well as reported and adjusted1,3 diluted EPS guidance to a range of $2.19 - $2.64 and $2.50 - $2.95, respectively.__________________________________________________________________1 Excluding adjustments to volume point values in 2018, the year over year change would have been an increase of 5.6%. See Regional Volume Point Metrics below.2 Adjusted diluted EPS is a non-GAAP measure and, for guidance purposes, excludes the impact of: non-cash interest expense associated with the Company's convertible notes and expenses related to regulatory inquiries. Adjusted diluted EPS for reported results purposes, excludes the impact of the foregoing as well as impacts relating to contingent value rights revaluation, insurance recoveries and China grant income. See Schedule A - "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a detailed reconciliation of adjusted net income to net income calculated in accordance with GAAP and a reconciliation of adjusted diluted EPS to diluted EPS calculated in accordance with GAAP and a discussion of why we believe these non-GAAP measures are useful.3 See Schedule A - "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a reconciliation of adjusted diluted share count to reported diluted share count and a discussion of why the share count has been adjusted for purposes of calculating adjusted diluted EPS for the first quarter of 2019 and second and full year 2019 guidance.First Quarter 2019 Key Metrics4Regional Volume Point Metrics  Volume PointsRegion  1Q '19 (mil)  Yr/Yr % ChgAsia Pacific369.2  28.8%North America330.79.1%EMEA325.510.5%Mexico224.91.4%South and Central America133.8(9.9%)China96.3(31.8%)Worldwide Total (a)1,480.46.1%Worldwide Total excl. China (a)  1,384.1  10.3%(a) During 2018, the Company adjusted volume point values for certain products in North America and South & Central America. Excluding these adjustments, the worldwide total year over year change in volume points would have been an increase of 5.6% for the first quarter. Adjustments to Volume Points during 2019 were not material.______________________________________________________________4 Supplemental tables that include Average Active Sales Leader and additional business metrics can be found at http://ir.Herbalife.com .Regional Net Sales and Foreign Exchange ("FX") ImpactRegion  Reported NetSales1Q'19 (mil)  Growth/Declineincluding FXvs. 1Q '18  Growth/Declineexcluding FXvs. 1Q '18Asia Pacific  $294.5  19.9%  25.9%North America$256.510.9%11.1%EMEA$251.71.4%12.9%Mexico$119.34.6%7.3%South & Central America (a)$99.8(20.6%)8130.8%China$150.4(29.1%)(24.8%)Worldwide Total$1,172.2(0.4%)874.7%Worldwide Total excl. China$1,021.85.9%1,072.7%South & Central America excl. Venezuela (a)$99.5(16.4%)(6.1%)Worldwide Total excl. Venezuela (a)  $1,171.9  0.1%  5.9%(a) Venezuela was impacted by significant price increases and erosion in foreign currency exchange rates. Venezuela represents less than 1% of the Company's consolidated net sales. See Schedule A - "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a discussion of why we believe adjusting for Venezuela is useful.OutlookFollowing is the Company's second quarter and full year 2019 guidance based on current business trends:  Three Months Ending  Twelve Months Ending   June 30, 2019  December 31, 2019Low  HighLow  HighVolume Point Growth vs 2018 (a)(1.0%)5.0%0.5%6.5%Net Sales Growth vs 2018 (b)(3.5%)2.5%(1.0%)5.0%Diluted EPS (b) (c)$0.53$0.68$2.19$2.64Adjusted Diluted EPS (b) (c) (d)$0.65$0.80$2.50$2.95Cap Ex ($ millions)$35.0$45.0$130.0$170.0Effective Tax Rate (b) (c)30.0%34.0%29.0%33.0%Adjusted Effective Tax Rate (b) (c) (d)27.0%31.0%27.0%31.0%Net Sales Growth vs. 2018 (Currency Adjusted) (b) (e)(0.1%)5.9%1.1%7.1%Adjusted Diluted EPS (Currency Adjusted) (b) (c) (d) (e)  $0.73   $0.88   $2.76   $3.21 a) The Company is evaluating our current approach to assigning and maintaining volume point values for certain products or markets. Guidance excludes any future potential impact of volume point adjustments, which may have an impact on the use of volume points as a proxy for sales trends in future periods.(b) Excludes any future potential Venezuela currency devaluations and associated pricing and inflationary consequences.(c) Excludes the following items that cannot be accurately predicted: any future potential ongoing tax effects from the exercise of equity awards that could impact the Company's tax rate due to the stock compensation accounting standard, any future contingent value rights revaluation, benefits from future potential China grant income, any future potential dilution from the Company's convertible notes due in 2019 and 2024, as well as any impact of the China Growth and Impact Investment Program.(d) Adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted effective tax rate excludes the impact of: non-cash interest expense associated with the Company's convertible notes and expenses related to regulatory inquiries, as detailed in Schedule A. See Schedule A - "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a detailed reconciliation of adjusted diluted EPS to diluted EPS calculated in accordance with GAAP and a discussion of why the Company believes these non-GAAP measures are useful.(e) Currency adjusted net sales and adjusted diluted EPS represent projections translated into US dollars at currency rates equal to the average rates used to translate 2018 second quarter and full year net sales and diluted EPS and adjusted for items such as hedging gains/losses and Venezuela to be directly comparable to 2018 values.• With respect to guidance, the Company cannot accurately predict the impact to its share base from any share repurchases in 2019. Accordingly, any impact thereof is excluded from the guidance tables above.• Guidance is based on the average daily exchange rates during the first two weeks of April 2019.• Adjusted1 diluted EPS guidance for the second quarter 2019 includes a projected currency headwind of approximately $0.08 per diluted share versus the second quarter of 2018.• Full year 2019 adjusted1 diluted EPS guidance includes a projected currency headwind of approximately $0.26 per diluted share, $0.04 unfavorable compared to the impact included in the full year 2019 guidance provided on February 19, 2019.Earnings Conference CallHerbalife Nutrition senior management will host an investor conference call to discuss its recent financial results and provide an update on current business trends on Thursday, May 2, 2019, at 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET).The dial-in number for this conference call for domestic callers is (877) 317-1296, and (262) 320-2006 for international callers (conference ID: 6149836). Live audio of the conference call will be simultaneously webcast in the investor relations section of the Company's website at  http://ir.Herbalife.com .An audio replay will be available following the completion of the conference call in MP3 format or by dialing (855) 859-2056 for domestic callers or (404) 537-3406 for international callers (conference ID: 6149836). The webcast of the teleconference will be archived and available on Herbalife Nutrition's website.About Herbalife Nutrition Ltd.Herbalife Nutrition is a global nutrition company whose purpose is to make the world healthier and happier. The Company has been on a mission for nutrition - changing people's lives with great nutrition products and programs - since 1980. Together with our Herbalife Nutrition independent distributors, we are committed to providing solutions to poor nutrition and obesity, an aging population, and skyrocketing public healthcare costs, while also providing a means for entrepreneurs of all ages to pursue a business opportunity. Herbalife Nutrition offers high-quality, science-backed products, most of which are produced in Company-operated facilities, one-on-one coaching with an Herbalife Nutrition independent distributor, and a supportive community approach that inspires customers to embrace a healthier, more active lifestyle.Herbalife Nutrition's targeted nutrition, weight-management, energy and fitness and personal care products are available exclusively to and through its independent distributors in more than 90 countries.Through its corporate social responsibility efforts, Herbalife Nutrition supports the Herbalife Nutrition Foundation (HNF) and its Casa Herbalife programs to help bring good nutrition to children in need. Herbalife Nutrition is also proud to sponsor more than 190 world-class athletes, teams and events around the globe.Herbalife Nutrition has approximately 8,900 employees worldwide, and its shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: HLF) with net sales of approximately $4.9 billion in 2018. To learn more, visit Herbalife.com or            IAmHerbalife.com .Herbalife Nutrition also encourages investors to visit its investor relations website at ir.herbalife.com as financial and other information is updated and new information is posted.Forward-Looking StatementsThis release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed or incorporated by reference in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Important factors that could cause our actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in our forward-looking statements include, among others, the following:• our relationship with, and our ability to influence the actions of, our Members;• improper action by our employees or Members in violation of applicable law;• adverse publicity associated with our products or network marketing organization, including our ability to comfort the marketplace and regulators regarding our compliance with applicable laws;• changing consumer preferences and demands;• the competitive nature of our business;• regulatory matters governing our products, including potential governmental or regulatory actions concerning the safety or efficacy of our products and network marketing program, including the direct selling markets in which we operate;• legal challenges to our network marketing program;• the Consent Order entered into with the FTC, the effects thereof and any failure to comply therewith;• risks associated with operating internationally and the effect of economic factors, including foreign exchange, inflation, disruptions or conflicts with our third-party importers, pricing and currency devaluation risks, especially in countries such as Venezuela;• uncertainties relating to interpretation and enforcement of legislation in China governing direct selling and anti-pyramiding;• our inability to obtain or maintain the necessary licenses for our direct selling business in China and elsewhere;• adverse changes in the Chinese economy;• our dependence on increased penetration of existing markets;• any material disruption to our business caused by natural disasters, other catastrophic events, acts of war or terrorism, or cybersecurity incidents;• noncompliance by us or our Members with any privacy laws or any security breach by us or a third party involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information;• contractual limitations on our ability to expand our business;• our reliance on our information technology infrastructure and outside manufacturers;• the sufficiency of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights;• product concentration;• our reliance upon, or the loss or departure of any member of, our senior management team which could negatively impact our Member relations and operating results;• U.S. and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our operations;• uncertainties relating to the United Kingdom's vote to exit from the European Union;• restrictions imposed by covenants in our existing indebtedness;• risks related to the convertible notes;• uncertainties relating to the application of transfer pricing, duties, value added taxes, and other tax regulations, and changes thereto;• changes in tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation;• taxation relating to our Members;• product liability claims;• our incorporation under the laws of the Cayman Islands;• whether we will purchase any of our shares in the open markets or otherwise; and• share price volatility related to, among other things, speculative trading and certain traders shorting our common shares.We do not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement or to report any events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.Results of Operations    Herbalife Nutrition Ltd. and SubsidiariesCondensed Consolidated Statements of Income(In millions, except per share amounts)(Unaudited)    Three Months Ended  3/31/2019  3/31/2018  North America$256.5$231.2EMEA251.7248.2Asia Pacific294.5245.6Mexico119.3114.0China150.4212.2South and Central America 99.8  125.7 Worldwide Net Sales1,172.21,176.9Cost of Sales 241.6  239.9 Gross Profit930.6937.0Royalty Overrides359.5337.3Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses435.4460.1Other Operating Income (1) (27.3) (16.2)Operating Income163.0155.8Interest Expense, net36.139.9Other Expense (Income), net (2) (8.5) 24.4 Income Before Income Taxes135.491.5Income Taxes (3) 39.1  9.4 Net Income$96.3 $82.1  Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding:Basic137.1145.3Diluted145.5152.7 Earnings Per Share:Basic$0.70 $0.57 Diluted$0.66 $0.54  (1) Other Operating Income for the three months ended March 31, 2019 relates to certain China government grant income and income related to the finalization of insurance recoveries in connection with the flooding at one of the Company's warehouses in Mexico during September 2017. Other Operating Income for the three months ended March 31, 2018 relates to certain China government grant income.(2) Other Expense (Income), net for the three months ended March 31, 2019 relates to the gain on revaluation of the Contingent Value Rights (CVR) issued in connection with the October 2017 modified Dutch auction tender offer. Other Expense (Income), net for the three months ended March 31, 2018 relates to the $13.1 million loss on the extinguishment of a portion of the 2.0% convertible senior notes due 2019 repurchased in March 2018; and the $11.3 million loss on revaluation of the CVR.(3) Includes the impact of excess tax benefit recognized under ASU 2016-09 of $2.4 million and $19.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.    Herbalife Nutrition Ltd. and SubsidiariesCondensed Consolidated Balance Sheets(In millions)(Unaudited) Mar 31,Dec 31,  2019  2018  ASSETSCurrent Assets:Cash and cash equivalents$1,209.0$1,198.9Receivables, net92.670.5Inventories407.5381.8Prepaid expenses and other current assets 126.0  153.8 Total Current Assets1,835.11,805.0 Property, plant and equipment, net359.4360.0Operating lease right-of-use assets172.5-Marketing-related intangibles and other intangible assets, net310.1310.1Goodwill92.092.9Other assets 213.7  221.8 Total Assets$2,982.8 $2,789.8   LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY, AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICITCurrent Liabilities:Accounts payable$82.8$81.1Royalty overrides260.4281.4Current portion of long-term debt686.2678.9Other current liabilities 501.7  547.4 Total Current Liabilities1,531.11,588.8 Non-current liabilities:Long-term debt, net of current portion1,775.51,774.9Non-current operating lease liabilities151.1-Other non-current liabilities 142.9  149.5 Total Liabilities 3,600.6  3,513.2  Commitments and Contingencies Temporary Equity11.3- Shareholders' deficit:Common shares0.10.1Paid-in capital in excess of par value333.8341.5Accumulated other comprehensive loss(204.1)(209.8)Accumulated deficit(430.0)(526.3)Treasury stock (328.9) (328.9)Total Shareholders' Deficit (629.1) (723.4)  Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Shareholders' Deficit$2,982.8 $2,789.8      Herbalife Nutrition Ltd. and SubsidiariesCondensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows(In millions)(Unaudited) Three Months Ended 3/31/2019  3/31/2018 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:Net income$96.3$82.1Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and amortization24.425.6Share-based compensation expenses10.69.8Non-cash interest expense13.915.7Deferred income taxes0.43.3Inventory write-downs5.312.1Foreign exchange transaction loss4.50.5Loss on extinguishment of debt-13.1Other(6.8)12.4Changes in operating assets and liabilities:Receivables(23.1)(16.1)Inventories(27.9)8.4Prepaid expenses and other current assets26.9(11.9)Accounts payable2.016.4Royalty overrides(21.5)(12.6)Other current liabilities(72.2)(3.7)Other 5.7  1.1 NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 38.5  156.2  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:Purchases of property, plant and equipment (27.0) (15.6)NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES (27.0) (15.6) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:Principal payments on senior secured credit facility and other debt(5.1)(24.5)Proceeds from convertible senior notes-550.0Repurchase of convertible senior notes-(582.5)Debt issuance costs-(11.7)Share repurchases(7.6)(54.2)Proceeds from settlement of capped call transactions-27.1Other 0.8  0.6 NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES (11.9) (95.2)EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH 4.4  6.1 NET CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH4.051.5CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 1,215.0  1,295.5 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD$1,219.0 $1,347.0  Supplemental InformationSCHEDULE A: RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(Unaudited and unreviewed), (All tables provide Dollars in millions, except per Share Data)In addition to its reported results and guidance calculated in accordance with GAAP, the Company has included in this release adjusted net income and adjusted diluted EPS, performance measures that the Securities and Exchange Commission defines as "non-GAAP financial measures." Management believes that such non-GAAP financial measures, when read in conjunction with the Company's reported or forecasted results, in each case calculated in accordance with GAAP, can provide useful supplemental information for investors because they facilitate a period to period comparative assessment of the Company's operating performance relative to its performance based on reported or forecasted results under GAAP, while isolating the effects of some items that vary from period to period without any correlation to core operating performance and eliminate certain charges that management believes do not reflect the Company's operations and underlying operational performance. The Company's definition of adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because other companies may not calculate them in the same manner as the Company does and should not be viewed in isolation from nor as alternatives to net income or diluted EPS calculated in accordance with GAAP.The impact of foreign currency fluctuations in Venezuela and the price increases the Company implements as a result of the highly inflationary economy in that market can each, when considered in isolation, have a disproportionately large impact to the Company's consolidated results despite the offsetting nature of these drivers and that net sales in Venezuela, which represent less than 1% of the Company's consolidated net sales, are not material to our consolidated results. Therefore, in certain instances, the Company believes it is helpful to provide additional information with respect to these factors as reported and excluding the impact of Venezuela to illustrate the disproportionate nature of Venezuela's individual pricing and foreign exchange impact to the Company's consolidated results. However, excluding the impact of Venezuela from these measures is not in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the presentation and discussion thereof calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.The following is a reconciliation of net income, presented and reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, to net income adjusted for certain items:     Three Months Ended 3/31/2019  3/31/2018 (in millions) Net income, as reported$96.3$82.1Expenses related to regulatory inquiries and legal accrual (1) (2)14.52.3Non-cash interest expense and amortization of non-cash issuance costs (1) (2) (3)12.312.5China grant income (1) (2)(21.3)(16.2)Contingent Value Rights revaluation (1) (2)(8.5)11.3Income related to finalization of insurance recoveries (1) (2) (4)(6.0)-Loss on extinguishment of convertible debt (1) (2) (5)-13.1Venezuela devaluation (1) (2)-4.7Income tax adjustments for above items (1) (2) 6.1  (3.3)Net income, as adjusted$93.4 $106.5  The following table is a reconciliation of diluted shares outstanding, as presented and reported in accordance with GAAP, to adjusted diluted shares outstanding, adjusted to include the impact of outstanding capped call transactions and the impact of outstanding equity awards. The Company's outstanding capped call transactions are anti-dilutive and not included in GAAP earnings per share but are expected to mitigate the dilutive effect of the Company's convertible notes due 2019, if the trading price of the Company's stock exceeds the conversion price, up to a certain level. Therefore, the Company has adjusted the diluted shares outstanding to include the impact of the capped calls, based on the average share price for the period that the capped calls are anti-dilutive.     Three Months Ended3/31/2019 3/31/2018(in millions) Diluted shares outstanding, as reported145.5152.7Impact of capped call transactions(3.7)-Diluted shares outstanding, as adjusted141.8 152.7 The following is a reconciliation of diluted earnings per share, presented and reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, to diluted earnings per share adjusted for certain items.   Three Months Ended 3/31/2019    3/31/2018 (per share) Diluted earnings per share, as reported$0.66$0.54Impact of adjusted shares outstanding 0.02  - Diluted earnings per share using adjusted diluted shares outstanding$0.68$0.54 Expenses related to regulatory inquiries and legal accrual (1) (2)0.100.02Non-cash interest expense and amortization of non-cash issuance costs (1) (2) (3)0.090.08China grant income (1) (2)(0.15)(0.11)Contingent Value Rights revaluation (1) (2)(0.06)0.07Income related to finalization of insurance recoveries (1) (2) (4)(0.04)-Loss on extinguishment of convertible debt (1) (2) (5)-0.09Venezuela devaluation (1) (2)-0.03Income tax adjustments for above items (1) (2) 0.04  (0.02)Diluted earnings per share, as adjusted$0.66 $0.70  (1) Based on interim income tax reporting rules, these expenses are not considered discrete items. As a result, the Company's full year effective tax rate is impacted by these items. When applying the full year effective tax rate to year-to-date income, the Company's year-to-date tax provision recorded with respect to these non-GAAP adjustments is different from the forecasted full-year tax provision impact of these items. As a consequence, adjustments to the year-to-date and quarterly tax impacts will be recorded as the adjusted full year effective tax rate is applied to income in subsequent periods. Additionally, adjustments to items unrelated to these non-GAAP adjustments may have an effect on the income tax impact of these non-GAAP adjustments in subsequent periods. The Company plans to update the income tax impact of these items in subsequent interim reporting periods.(2) Excludes tax (benefit)/expense as follows:     Three Months Ended 3/31/2019  3/31/2018 (in millions) Expenses related to regulatory inquiries and legal accrual(3.3)$(0.2)Non-cash interest expense and amortization of non-cash issuance costs(0.8)(0.3)China grant income6.65.8Contingent Value Rights revaluation2.1(3.3)Income related to finalization of insurance recoveries1.5-Loss on extinguishment of convertible debt-(3.7)Venezuela devaluation -  (1.6)Total income tax adjustments$6.1 $(3.3)  Three Months Ended 3/31/2019  3/31/2018 (per share) Expenses related to regulatory inquiries and legal accrual(0.02)-Non-cash interest expense and amortization of non-cash issuance costs(0.01)-China grant income0.050.04Contingent Value Rights revaluation0.01(0.02)Income related to finalization of insurance recoveries0.01-Loss on extinguishment of convertible debt-(0.02)Venezuela devaluation -  (0.01)Total income tax adjustments (6)$0.04 $(0.02)(3) Relates to non-cash expense on the Company's 2.00% convertible senior notes due 2019 and the related prepaid forward share repurchase contracts and the 2.625% convertible senior notes due 2024.(4) Relates to the finalization of insurance recoveries in connection with the flooding at one of the Company's warehouses in Mexico during September 2017, which damaged certain of the Company's inventory stored within the warehouse.(5) Relates to the loss on the extinguishment of a portion of the 2.00% convertible senior notes due 2019 repurchased in March 2018.(6) Amounts may not total due to rounding.The following is a reconciliation of diluted earnings per share guidance, presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, to adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance for certain items.   Three Months Ending  Twelve Months EndingJune 30, 2019  December 31, 2019 Diluted EPS Guidance (1)$0.53 - $0.68$2.19 - $2.64Non-cash interest expense and amortization of non-cash issuance costs (2)0.060.27China Grant Income (3)-(0.15)Contingent Value Rights revaluation (4)-(0.06)Income related to finalization of insurance recoveries (5)-(0.04)Impact of adjusted shares outstanding0.020.07Expenses related to regulatory inquiries and legal accrual (6)0.020.16Income tax adjustments for above items (7)0.010.04Adjusted diluted EPS guidance (8)$0.65 - $0.80$2.50 - $2.95(1) Excludes the potential ongoing tax effects from the exercise of equity awards that will impact our tax rate beginning fiscal year 2017 due to a recently issued Stock Compensation accounting standard.(2) Relates to non-cash expense on our convertible notes and prepaid forward share repurchase contract. Excludes tax impact of $0.3 million for the three months ending June 30, 2019.(3) Excludes tax impact of $0.2 million and $6.1 million for the three months ending June 30, 2019 and the twelve months ending December 31, 2019, respectively.(4) Excludes tax impact of $0.7 million for the three months ending June 30, 2019.(5) Excludes tax impact of $0.5 million and $.04 million for the three months ending June 30, 2019 and the twelve months ending December 31, 2019, respectively.(6) Excludes tax impact of $0.7 million and $1.1 million for the three months ending June 30, 2019 and the twelve months ending December 31, 2019, respectively.(7) Aggregates the individual tax impacts of each item as described in greater detail in footnotes 3 through 6 above.(8) Amounts may not total due to rounding.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190502005864/en/CONTACT: Media Contact:Jennifer ButlerVP, Media Relations213.745.0420Investor Contact:Eric MonroeDirector, Investor Relations213.745.0449http://www.businesswire.comGraphic First Quarter 2019 Earnings Infographic (Graphic: Business Wire)Load-Date: May 3, 2019End of Document

China already has ready plan to counterattack US with rare metalsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 31, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 410 wordsBody       Sources close to the Chinese government say the measures prepared to sanction the United States, which are based on the export of rare metals, are poised to move forward.  China is ready to use rare metals as a weapon in the trade war with the United States. According to sources close to the Chinese government, quoted by Bloomberg, Beijing already knows exactly how it intends to ration the exports of these metals in order to harm Washington - the implementation of the plan is at the distance of a mere decision.  Measures drawn by China should focus on a sub-category of rare metals in which the United States is particularly dependent on China. This eastern country produces about 80% of the world's rare metals, and a higher percentage than the processed forms of these elements.  This week, Beijing has been adding threats to the United States. In a commentary transmitted by CCTV, a head of the National Development and Reform Commission warned that products that require rare metals for their production should not be used against the country's development, suggesting that China could stop supplying these mineral resources, used in the manufacture of computers, smartphones and electric vehicles. The man's commentary is being read as a veiled threat against the United States and its technology.  Later, the People's Daily, the official paper of the Chinese Communist Party, was used to leave some messages to the largest economy in the world. "Will rare metals become a counter-attack weapon for China to counter the pressure that the United States is exerting for absolutely no reason?" The answer is not a mystery, "reads the newspaper quoted by CNBC . "We advise the United States not to underestimate the ability of the Chinese side to safeguard their development rights and interests. Do not say we did not warn you!" Is still written in the same publication.  The trade conflict between the two largest economies in the world is climbing. The "turning point" came to shake the mood happened later this month, when the last attempt of understanding between the United States and China failed. Discord has resulted in a tariff increase that is applied to a group of Chinese goods worth 200 billion dollars, from 10% to 25%. In addition to this measure, Trump has already threatened to extend 25% tariffs to a new batch of Chinese goods, which are not yet subject to customs duties, whose imports are estimated at about 300 billion dollars. Load-Date: May 31, 2019End of Document

China handles Tiananmen anniversary with usual silenceAssociated Press InternationalJune 4, 2019 Tuesday 2:24 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 847 wordsByline: By KEN MORITSUGU, Associated PressDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - Dissidents silenced. Security tightened. References scrubbed from the internet.China imposed an information lockdown Tuesday on the 30th anniversary of its bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protesters at Tiananmen Square, a stark reminder that three decades later, the possibility of democratic change has all but evaporated.Extra checkpoints and street closures greeted tourists who showed up before 5 a.m. to watch the daily flag-raising ceremony at the square in the center of Beijing. People overseas found themselves blocked from posting anything to a popular Chinese social media site.China has largely succeeded in wiping the events of June 3-4, 1989, from the public consciousness at home, where the anniversary of the crackdown passed like any other weekday. To Western critics, who this year included U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, China has a simple answer: Our model works."The Chinese government has long had a clear conclusion about the political disturbance that occurred in the late 1980s," foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said in response to Pompeo. China's economic success "fully proves that the development path we chose is completely correct and has been firmly supported by the people."The seven-week-long Tiananmen Square protests and their bloody end, in which hundreds if not thousands of people are believed to have died, snuffed out a tentative shift in China toward political liberalization.The mantra of the ruling Communist Party has become stability over all else, and the party says the stability it has delivered has been a necessary underpinning to the country's economic growth.For many Chinese, life is better. Incomes have risen, and social restrictions such as family size and where people can live have been loosened. It's political freedom that remains strictly controlled.Half a dozen activists could not be reached Tuesday by phone or text. One who could, Beijing-based Hu Jia, said he had been taken last week by security agents to the northeastern coastal city of Qinghuangdao.Chinese authorities routinely take dissidents away on what are euphemistically called "vacations" or otherwise silence them during sensitive political times."This is a reflection of their fears, their terror, not ours," Hu said.Under current President Xi Jinping, the government has tightened control over everything from religion to the internet in an apparent bid to make the Communist Party central to the future of China."I don't think that in the foreseeable future there is the possibility for another mass movement against the regime, because the system of control is so complete," said Andrew Nathan, a professor of Chinese politics at Columbia University.Chinese overseas reported on Twitter that they were blocked from posting on Weibo, a popular social networking site. Weibo did not respond to phone and email requests for comment.Even those who know what happened 30 years ago are reluctant to talk about it in public. A 24-year-old designer said last week in Beijing that he thought it was quite a pity when he learned that many had died."But it's really not convenient to talk about it," he said, giving only the name he goes by in English, Tony.Any commemoration of the event is not allowed in mainland China, though tens of thousands turned out for an annual candlelight vigil in Hong Kong. The Chinese territory has relatively greater freedoms than the mainland, though even there, activists are concerned about the erosion of those liberties in recent years.Pompeo issued a statement Monday saluting what he called the "heroes of the Chinese people who bravely stood up thirty years ago ... to demand their rights." He said that U.S. hopes that China would become a more open and tolerant society have been dashed.He and his European Union counterpart Federica Mogherini urged China to come clean on what happened and how many died."Acknowledgement of these events, and of those killed, detained or missing in connection with the Tiananmen Square protests, is important for future generations and for the collective memory," Mogherini said in a statement.Geng, the foreign ministry spokesman, said that "some people in the U.S. always regard themselves as others' teachers and interfere in other countries' internal affairs under the guise of so-called democracy and human rights, while turning a blind eye to problems at home. The Chinese people have seen through their hypocrisy and sinister intentions."The crackdown set the Communist Party on a path of repression, Nathan said, adding that China would likely be a very different place if the nation's rulers had ended the protests peacefully through dialogue instead of by force."They embarked on a strategy of not dialoguing with the people," he said. "The party knows best, the party decides, and the people have no voice. So that requires more and more intense repression of all of the forces in society that want to be heard."___Associated Press journalists Christopher Bodeen and Yanan Wang in Beijing and Yong Jun Chang in Seoul, South Korea, contributed.Load-Date: June 5, 2019End of Document

Trump Warning Iran Via Oman That An Attack Was Imminent, Wanted Talks; FAA Bars U.S. Carriers From Flying over Iran Amid Tensions; WeWork Facing Lawsuit For Gender and Age Discrimination; S&P 500 Record Close; Co Base "Brawl" Suspensions; U.S.-China Trade; Walmart Settles Bribery Investigation For $282M; "Toy Story 4" Is Expected To Have $160-$200M Opening Weekend; Beyonce And Donald Glover Sing New Teaser For "The Lion King"MORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 6:00 AM ESTJune 21, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 7768 wordsByline: Charles Payne, Jackie DeAngelis, Cheryl Casone, James FreemanGuests: Anthony Tata, Brett Velicovich, Ken Mahoney, Mike SargentBodyCHARLES PAYNE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Good morning. Hello, everyone, I'm Charles Payne, in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Friday, June 21st, the longest day of the year, we've got a lot of top stories for you at 6:00 a.m. Eastern.Iran is on notice. President Trump reportedly planned a military strike on Iran then called it off at the last minute, plus, the FAA barring flights from flying over Iranian-controlled airspace.Commodities outlook amid U.S.-Iranian tensions, oil prices extending yesterday's record -- run higher, rather, also, of course, that was the largest one-day gain of the year, gold, however, pulling back after hitting its highest levels since 2013.Want to check on equities here, Futures searching for direction early. Remember, we hit records yesterday, the S&P 500, that is. Plus, a massive refinery fire, lights up the night sky near Philadelphia. Area residents rocked by a series of explosions and fire crews are now on the scene. And Slack soars in its Wall Street debut, what it means for the future of e- mail.MORNINGS WITH MARIA begins right now.To our top story this hour, rising tensions with Iran, President Trump warning Iran through a diplomatic back channel that an attack was imminent, but wanted to talk to Iranian officials, this according to Reuters.The commander-in-chief reportedly ordered an attack on yesterday, but called it off last night. He called these strikes off last night, President Trump commenting on the situation from the White House yesterday.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Iran made a big mistake. This drone was in international waters, clearly. We have it all documented. It's documented scientifically, not just words. And they made a very bad mistake.(CROSSTALK)TRUMP: We'll find out.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Are you willing to go to war with Iran?TRUMP: You'll find out. You'll find out. I have a feeling, and I may be wrong, and I may be right, but I'm right a lot. I have a feeling that it was a mistake made by somebody that shouldn't have been doing what they did. I think they made a mistake. And I'm not just talking the country made a mistake, I think that somebody under the command of that country, made a big mistake.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: Joining me now, retired brigadier general, Anthony Tata, General, thanks for joining us. You're also the author of the book, Double Crossfire, so we appreciate your expertise this morning. How do you assess what went down yesterday, particularly after the news overnight of this U.S. Naval drone being shot down, how the administration handled the situation?BRIG. GEN. ANTHONY TATA (RET.), AUTHOR, DOUBLE CROSSFIRE: Well, Charles, thanks for having me. I think, really, what we're looking at right here is, the President ordered one of two things which could have been a probing attack to see what kind of air defenses the Iranians had.And then there were a series of decision points built in there to go or no go, based upon the level of defense that we saw, or it could have been simply a show of force, used in concert, with a deliberate diplomatic overture.This president, this administration, has been very good at synchronizing the elements of national power where you have diplomatic, informational, military and economic. And we've got the sanctions going on, right now, squeezing Iran real hard, for supporting Habbaz, Hezbollah and developing nuclear program and all of that.And then we've got a military show of force in the Persian Gulf with the carrier strike group, and we also have a very good information on our campaign going on. You know, and Iran gets a vote too. They have an information campaign.So, we are playing brinksmanship right now with Iran, and this chaotic picture that the New York Times is trying to paint, I think is just pure, you know, Trump attack. It really, to me, and my sources tell me that we had jets in the air. We were probing. And we had a series of a go, no go decisions.PAYNE: General, I want you to take a listen to what lawmakers from both sides of the aisle had to say as they weighed in on the situation.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Here's what Iran needs to get ready for, severe pain inside their country. That their capabilities pale in comparison to ours, we're not going to let them disrupt navigation of the seas, attack our allies and U.S. interests without paying a price. So, if they're itching for a fight, they're going to get one.REP. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): The President may not intend to go to war here, but we're worried that he and the administration may crumble into a war. We told the room that the Democratic position is that congressional approval must be required before funding any conflict in Iran.REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): How we go forward from here has to be strategic and smart and close alliance with our allies. We have common interests in the region. We know that the high tension wires are up there and we must do everything we can not to escalate the situation.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: General, I was shocked a little bit, not only with some of the comments from Congress, but also with the media, would seem to take President Trump to task for not acting more aggressively. What are your -- what are your thoughts to all these comments?TATA: Well, Charles, you know, the President is not an interventionist and he does not want war. He campaigned on really getting us out of the wars that we were in and defeating the enemy quickly. He prefers overwhelming force and quick victory, sort of, President H. W. Bush style in Desert Storm One.I think that's more akin to what President Trump seeks as opposed to what we've been involved in over the last 18, 19 years. And he will not -- I see no path to war, ground war in Iran. What I see is him defending our vital interests in the region.We have serious vital interests in the Persian Gulf region, relationships with many of the countries in that area, and the free flow of oil and commerce through the Persian Gulf. You know, the oil fuels the world economy. So, as you led the show with, the prices of oil. So, I think that's what we're doing is, protecting the shipping lanes, and that's what the U.S. Navy does.PAYNE: All right. And the Federal Aviation Administration taking action, they're barring all U.S. carriers from flying over Iran, other carriers around the world also announcing similar moves. What's your reaction to that?TATA: Well, I think that's prudent. I think, you know, right now, Iran is in a pretty aggressive posture. They're feeling the pain from the sanctions and they'll do whatever they can to continue to get the headlines and get attention. They're playing a little bit like Kim Jong-un did in the past, a couple of years ago.And I think what they're, you know, it would not be surprising if they were to go rogue and have as the president called, "another mistake" and, you know, shoot down some kind of civilian airliner to make a statement. So, I think the FAA is being very prudent and cautious here.PAYNE: Brigadier General Anthony Tata, thank you very much for your expertise this morning. We appreciate it.TATA: Thank you, Charles.PAYNE: Oil prices extending their gains on this tension, crude surging nearly six percent yesterday, Jackie DeAngelis, you watch commodities closely, what does it look like from here?JACKIE DEANGELIS, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK FINANCIAL CORRESPONDENT: Good morning to you, Charles, well, the markets are in a wait-and-see mode, especially after the attack on that drone by Iran, and then, of course, the U.S. calling off potential strikes back against Iran.So, prices making that near six percent move yesterday, that was big. But remember, a lot of supply out there in the market, so not as large of a percentage gain, as we might have seen, say, 10 years ago. But still, oil was trading around $50.00 not long ago, now it's closer to $60.00, so this was a substantial move.And it just reminds you that when there are geopolitical tensions overseas, the markets can be rattled very quickly, especially if those tensions escalate, so it's certainly something to watch.But I also want to draw your attention to gold prices, because we saw a big bump-up, just under 1,400 yesterday, and we haven't seen those numbers in quite some time too. Gold is moving a little lower today.Some would say that this was a safe haven trade on the back of geopolitics, maybe partially woven in there, but mostly moving higher because of what we heard from the Fed this week, the Fed sounding like it will be poised to cut interest rates this year.And, of course, when you have a dovish Fed, you see dollar move lower and then you see gold prices move higher. And that's why we saw that big jump in gold, but certainly something to watch as we go forward as well.PAYNE: Jackie, thank you very much. And then, of course, we'll see you in just a bit.In the meantime, a refinery goes up in flames in Philadelphia, and Cheryl Casone has those details, Cheryl.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: We've been tracking this breaking news since the last hour, Charles. Here's what we know so far, local reports say that it began about 3:00 this morning, Eastern Time. Here are those pictures that we're watching. Hazmat fire crews are on the scene right now. We don't know what caused the explosion or if there were any injuries.Some neighbors are reporting to our local FOX affiliate there that they heard the explosion knocking the art off of their walls and saw that actually happening in the middle of the night, pretty scary stuff. This refinery produced 335,000 barrels of oil every single day. It is the largest on the U.S. Eastern seaboard.Again, breaking news we're following out of Philadelphia this morning. We'll get you any updates as we can throughout the morning.Also this, a police officer in Texas, shot and killed in the line of duty. The unidentified officer attacked as he responded to a report about a man holding a gun. That suspect has been arrested. Twenty one officers had been fatally shot in the line of duty so far, this year.And in Florida, a Highway Patrol trooper dragged nearly 100 feet when a traffic stop went horribly wrong. Look at this video. Trooper Victor Rivera holding onto the car door as the suspect hit the gas in Orlando. The officer, not seriously hurt. That suspect is charged with attempted murder.Well, American Airlines pilots want more simulator time before flying the embattled Boeing 737 Max, ahead of the union, representing the pilots, sending a letter to Boeing Chief, Dennis Muilenburg and here's what it says, "our participation in every aspect of returning the 737 Max to service and restoring public trust in the airplane is absolutely critical."Earlier this week, remember, hero pilot Sully Sullenberger also stressed the need for more training. He was giving that testimony, Charles, on Capitol Hill. And these unions, these pilot union's chiefs are really getting a lot more vocal, Charles, about the need to make sure that this airplane is safe before they get back into that cockpit.PAYNE: And everybody understands exactly where they're coming from. Cheryl, thank you very much.CASONE: You bet.PAYNE: Well, coming up, Wal-mart paying up, the retail giant settles with the government over bribery violations and it's an eye-popping number, that, straight ahead, plus, Slack's stunning opening, shares of the work social media app skyrocketing after debuting on Wall Street. We're going to take a closer look, next.PAYNE: Slack going public, the tech firm stock ending the day, its first day of trading, over $38.00 a share, that's nearly 50 percent higher than reference price of $26.00.It gives Slack, a fully diluted valuation of $23 billion, joining the conversation this morning, FOX Business' Jackie DeAngelis, the assistant editorial page editor for the Wall Street Journal, James Freeman, along with former U.S. army special operations and strategic advisor, and White Fox Defense, Brett Velicovich.Jackie, Slack, it live up to -- it wasn't a Slack-er on its first day of trading.DEANGELIS: No. And you can see it's even getting a bid this morning over 40, so there was a lot of appetite for the deal. That was reflected in the volume that we saw yesterday. There was some concern that because it was a direct listing and it wasn't actually an IPO, with the bankers and the road show and all the flashiness that it wouldn't get the attention. But, in fact, it did.And I think that just speaks to investor appetite, right now, which is that they're looking for deals, they're looking for alternative places to put capital. And, you know, Slack is not profitable, but the profit -- the losses are actually closing in, each year, and I think investors are optimistic.PAYNE: You know, it's also been a good week, though, for enterprise software, right? So -- or even IPOs, you had PagerDuty, which did very well, you had Zoom, which did extraordinary well. And then this week, earnings-wise, Oracle, through the roof, Adobe through the roof, so it's just also a space business that is spending money on this kind of stuff.Although, very few are paying, actually paying for Slack right now.JAMES FREEMAN, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, it's -- I think it really is a show of force, not just the stock rising, but to do a direct listing like this, or cutting out the traditional Wall Street underwriting model with a brand that is not one of these, sort of, big consumer brands.It's a business application, I don't use it, but obviously, a lot of -- a lot of companies do. But yes, another sign that the weakness on Uber and Lyft coming out is not indicative of overall very strong IPO market this year, so far.PAYNE: Extraordinarily strong IPO. I think there were too many bites of the Apple for those, privately. People were smart enough not to say, hey, you know what, you bid the stock up to the moon, and now you want me to buy it? No thanks.But having said that, though, you know, I think Wall Street will come back later as this stock trades, as earnings come out. And if this takes a tumble, they'll say to companies in the future, hey, you don't need me on IPO day perhaps, but you may need us later if the stock is under some form of pressure. You may need some analyst research on this.DEANGELIS: Yes.PAYNE: You may need us to talk to institutions. You may actually need us, not on the first day, but later on.DEANGELIS: Hindsight is 20/20. First day of showing was pretty good.PAYNE: It was. It was. But there's a reason only a handful of companies have ever tried this.DEANGELIS: Yes.PAYNE: So, you know, we'll see. But it's -- by the way, if Slack do not make a money, revenues were up 67 percent year -- in the first quarter, but the losses also increased, another thing people like to (INAUDIBLE) over $800 million in cash, so they're going to be around for a moment. We'll see what happens.Slack's debut, also highlighting the growth of new workplace tools, chief information officers, tech firm executives, analysts on Wall Street telling the Wall Street Journal that it's really driving a shift from individuals to group productivity.They also say that the showing is how much office workers have actually come to hate e-mail. Let me ask you guys about that. Slack says we won't have e-mail in seven years.DEANGELIS: It's very possible. I worked at a company where all they used is Slack. Everyone would say, I Slacked you, I Slacked you, I sent you a message on Slack. And so, e-mail was not as pervasive there. I think it depends on the culture and how, you know, sort of the diversity of the workforce and the people that are working there, whether they're going to adapt it, you know, adapt to that model.FREEMAN: Yes, I mean, I support slacking off in the workplace, as a general principle, but I've never really seen the problem with e-mail. I think it works pretty well. There have been so many of these instant messaging tools that have come out over the last decade or so. I guess I'm a reluctant consumer.PAYNE: I put up a post one time that says I'm old school because I still carry luggage without wheels.DEANGELIS: Really?PAYNE: Yes. I still get a paper paycheck and I still use e-mail.DEANGELIS: OK.PAYNE: I'm old school, right? What do you use, e-mail or messenger?BRETT VELICOVICH, STRATEGIC ADVISOR, WHITEFOX DEFENSE: No, I'm into all these different messaging apps. I think --PAYNE: Right. So, he's hip. He's ahead of the curve.VELICOVICH: These apps are the future, I mean, of course, like this is the way that it's going to be. But I'm surprised that it did so well in this initial public offering. I mean, the market is so saturated with these different types of apps. I mean, I'm just surprised that it did so well in this initial public offering.PAYNE: They made pretty good penetrations to James' point, though, in the workforces out there, so every time I turn on my computer, Slack pops up, and that's everyday advertising for this company that I don't use.Another company that's really hot, but may be in hot water, WeWork, they're gearing up for an IPO, but now also facing a lawsuit (INAUDIBLE) this company being sued by two former executives, they're accused of gender and age discrimination, a spokesperson at WeWork saying the lawsuit is meritless and the company intends to fight them. What do you think, Jackie?DEANGELIS: You know, I think this is one of those, you know, you're going to have to watch and monitor the story and see where it goes. Obviously, if there is any merit to this kind of suit, it could be a black eye, especially ahead of an IPO.And if there's not, you know, Wall Street will tend to overlook these kinds of things and look at the company and the valuation and decide if it's worth it. As I said, you know, even with Chewy, last week, for example, it gives you an idea of how much appetite there are, or there is out there, for these new issues and for some more diverse places to -- for investors to allocate capital.So, I think that most of these deals are going to do pretty well, as long as the market continues to, you know, have this positive momentum behind it.PAYNE: Right. Over the last decade or so, the amounts of publicly traded companies out there have been sawed in half, to your point.FREEMAN: Yes.PAYNE: Yes, so there is an appetite, if it helps to be controversy-free, though.DEANGELIS: Right.PAYNE: All right, folks, coming up, the record run on Wall Street come amid the tariff tug of war, more American companies now urging the U.S. to drop the plans that are in place for more tariffs on China. Plus, a real brawl game, two city workers suspended for this massive fight at a little league baseball game. I was wondering where James was, yesterday.PAYNE: Headlines across America this morning, the Buffalo News says Erie County clerk, I will not be granting licenses to illegal immigrants.The Erie County clerk, taking the first legal step to fight a new state law that allows immigrants in the country, illegally, to obtain a New York state driver's license, the clerk looking for a legal representation and determination from federal court, as to what his rights are, as a clerk.The Denver Post writes, two Denver city workers suspended over brawl at Lakewood youth baseball game, police investigation ongoing. Now, you saw this video yesterday on MORNINGS WITH MARIA. Police looking into the identity of 20 people involved in this brawl, the incident, going viral on social media.And the Detroit Free Press reports, Pontiac man who won Mega Millions during divorce case must share with ex-wife. The suburban Detroit man in the middle of his divorce won more than $30 million, and now he must share his lottery windfall with his ex-wife. The Michigan Appeals Court saying a marriage isn't over until it's over. All right, James, what do you think? Which one is more fascinating?FREEMAN: It's not over (INAUDIBLE)PAYNE: Well, the brawl, you weren't here yesterday for the brawl, what do you think of that?FREEMAN: Yes, the kids' sports, it's something about it just drives people insane and I try to -- I try put it in -- sort of, separate, like, people can be completely nuts about -- well, not that I've seen this kind of thing, I've got to say, at a kids' sporting event. This is obviously way over the line. But --PAYNE: You've got to wonder if alcohol was served there.FREEMAN: -- it is a problem.PAYNE: What do you think, Brett?VELICOVICH: Absolutely terrible to see this. I mean, I think the sporting events are just getting to the point where kids aren't even having fun because they're worried about their parents, you know, interjecting and making it about themselves.PAYNE: These kids leagues are almost like pro leagues, though, right? I mean, they have traveling teams, and they have -- especially they have a speed coach, and they have -- they've really have taken this -- people think their kids are going to be noticed by the NBA, like at age 7, you know, like a scout's going to come around.VELICOVICH: Maybe they will.DEANGELIS: Well, it's not even that. It's competitive. But they're looking forward to college, for example, are my kids going to be scouted to get a scholarship or be on the team and is that going to help their admissions, possibly.So, I think it's become really super competitive in terms of not just what kids are doing in school, but their extracurricular activities too. I think these parents are taking it --VELICOVICH: And there's more pressure on kids these days too, to perform.FREEMAN: It's driving academic decisions, so people reclassifying, holding their kids back grades, not for any academic reason, but simply to put them in a better graduation year track for athletics.PAYNE: Before I go, I'm going to go there, Jackie, was that fair for the man who won the lottery?DEANGELIS: I actually -- I think, legally speaking, it is probably --PAYNE: Well, not legally speaking.DEANGELIS: it is probably fair, but I don't really think it's fair. If you already moved out and in the middle of a divorce, you know, lottery winnings are off the table.PAYNE: All right, guys --FREEMAN: It's not over. Maybe they could reconcile.PAYNE: The moral of the story is, if I'm in the middle of a divorce; don't play the lottery, OK?DEANGELIS: Coming up, Wall Street's record day, the S&P 500 closing at an all-time high, so what investors are looking for, going forward? And also, start summer right now, Toy Story 4 makes its debut in the theaters, plus a new teaser trailer for the Lion King that is sure to be music to your ears.PAYNE: Welcome back. I'm Charles Payne, in for Maria Bartiromo. It's Friday, June 21st. Your top stories at 6:30 Eastern.Iran is unnoticed. President Trump planned a military strike on Iran, then, abruptly called it off. Plus, Iranian state television is showing what it calls retrieve sections of that down U.S. military drone.In the commodities market, oil prices extending yesterday's run higher amid U.S. Iranian tensions goal though pulling back after hitting the highest level since 2013.A Futures right now just slightly lower, but we did have a record run yesterday, the market hit the S&P 500 search to a record high this after the Fed hinted at future rate cuts while holding rate study.And in St. Louis Fed President James Bullard actually dissented with decision, saying a rate cut was warranted due to concerns of weak inflation and growth.Over in Europe, you can take a look here at sort of mixed FTSE and CAC up, your DAX is down. And as your overnight, the Nikkei was a hardest hit, following week manufacturing data out of Japan.Plus, we are following breaking news, you're looking right now Philadelphia rocked by massive fire and explosions at a gas refinery.Well, we begin this half-hour with Wall Street's historic highs. Markets closing solidly yesterday. Pretty nice move the S&P 500 setting an all- time record of the gains coming amid signs of Federal Reserve is moving toward an interest rate cut.Joining me now, Mahoney Asset Management CEO Ken Mahoney. Ken. What do you make, first of all, this market, this rally, I thought yesterday, for instance, was phenomenal, right? Because Lindsey Graham almost destroyed the rally with that tweet.Ironically, President Trump, the hawk talked to back up, and now, of course --(CROSSTALK)KEN MAHONEY, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, MAHONEY ASSET MANAGEMENT: It's really were exactly -- yes, exactly.PAYNE: And now, of course, everyone's sort of looking at the Fed to be our friend.MAHONEY: Yes, you know, I like what's happening here. Call me a bull in the bullish camp. You know, we've gone too far too fast. Come on, let's face, a couple of weeks ago, DOW is on the 25,000. Here we're at 26,700. I mean, without even breath, I want to get back in (INAUDIBLE) --PAYNE: So, someone watching (INAUDIBLE) sell your stocks?MAHONEY: No, interminable there's nothing wrong terminable. Look, the sentiment goes wildly bearish like you did when we were to China. And U.S. couldn't get it together. And then we got wildly bullish this way because the feds going to (INAUDIBLE).And, by the way, this cycle like us looking for investors hoping for weak news so they can cut rates. That's not the best cycle really want to be. And I don't really like when we have to kind of encourage, all great, great, we have bad economic news. Look at cut rates. I don't like that cycle necessarily.PAYNE: Although, you know, listen, we are at record highs, right? And if throughout this whole season, if people had kind of -- you know, been selling on these headlines or trying to avoid these dips, they might have missed out.But what about the notion that Powell may be looking not necessarily for weakness but to actually prevent that weakness. Bullard reference low inflation. At the FOMC there, their inflation -- their P.C. inflation went from 1.8 to 1.5.MAHONEY: Right.PAYNE: Powell in a press conference also said this drifting inflation, drifting lower and lower is difficult to arrest. I thought that was a key thing.MAHONEY: Right.PAYNE: I mean, we know deflation is far worse than inflation.MAHONEY: Right, right. And to get in front of deflation (INAUDIBLE) we learned that 2008 get behind the curb because trillions of dollars of bail are down instead of getting in front of it. So that's what the markets, you know, kind of reinforced that we actually have a decent economy, slowing down a bit, yet the Fed could still be supportive and cutting rates.But come on guys, it's been a Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Hyde to the Fed policy, right? October 4th, far away from neutral. To -- you know, to December raising rates and talk about hikes in 2019. And now we're talking about cutting rates. So, I mean, this has been all over the place, and it's hard for investors.That volatility we've seen the market has been the policy-making of the Fed kind of weaving in and out all of this.PAYNE: What about be on the headlines? Be on the Fed, be on trade, and just the fundamentals.MAHONEY: Yes, fundamentals are strong. Here we like them, and -- again, if you want to start doing some nibbling, you know, again, we encourage a little bit selling here just, you know, take some shekels off the table.But again, we've had a really good blueprint of what's going to work. We have stocks that have guided higher throughout the year. We have earning season coming up. You know, those going to be the go-to stocks again, go to companies. Companies like Microsoft, I think of sales forcing these software companies who beat estimates in the first quarter of raise guidance, and those are the names you want to be, and those companies at raise guidance.FREEMAN: OK. So, the -- I'm wondering about the source of your bullishness, you're talking about not a bad economy.(CROSSTALK)MAHONEY: Right, yes.FREEMAN: Some bad signs but generally pretty good.MAHONEY: Yes.FREEMAN: Do you assume this China trade fight gets resolved soon or you feel like whether it does or not, this is still a pretty good economy?MAHONEY: I think it's a pretty good economy. I think we get a partial fill. I've been seeing on record for a long time. We're not going to get the full (INAUDIBLE). I don't see the Chinese government quite they cracking down on companies that invade our intellectual properties. I don't see that.I mean, so, I think it's we apart so Phil, something we're trying to could walk away from the table, say they got to win, something where the president say they got to win. But I don't think we get everything that we're going to want.But I think overall, even without that thing, the economy could still be pretty strong.DEANGELIS: Ken how do you see the U.S.-Iran tensions playing out? When the U.S. has gone to war in the past, military conflict can be stimulative, but you've got a country that probably really doesn't want that conflict right now. What are your thoughts?MAHONEY: Yes, but I thought, hopefully, that you put enough pressure on them that we don't escalate this thing to a war. You know, we tried sanctions that doesn't seem to work. But certainly, they're going to start, you know, shooting down things, and hitting things. You know, I know the president's not going have a high tolerance for that, and then we'll attack. So, I think the ball is really in Iran's court.You know, right now they got the message like -- you know, stop playing these games. But should they escalate it? I do think, unfortunately, that we will have a conflict, a military conflict.PAYNE: All right. So, I want to bring this up because more American companies now speaking out against tariffs against China. Apple's on a list, Dollar Tree, Keyrig a whole bunch of them and joined. This is a trade talks between China and United States are going to resume next week at the G20 meeting.You know, Ken, you know, for me I have I feel mixed on this you know because when these companies -- you know, I never really hear him say anything about China having $1 million people in prison, prison camps or learning camps because of their religion, of the brutalness that they have shown to the Fed.Of the lack of freedom of speech. Of stealing $200 billion a year, the pet of the lack of freedom of speech, of stealing $200 billion a year in intellectual property. I could put a hot bear and (INAUDIBLE) and if it's hot enough, a knockoff version will come out of China a week later.I never hear these companies talking about that. Another try to protect their bottom line. But you know, if everyone's got skin in the game, if it is indeed a trade war, how about putting your multi-billion dollar buyback on the side for a second? For one quarter, for one quarter.I bet you game stop wish they'd put it aside forever because they put, you know, they're about to go bankrupt, and they bought $2 billion of a stock that went from 60 to 5.MAHONEY: Good, sort of.PAYNE: So, why not be more supportive of this?MAHONEY: So, look, I think the silver lining in all of this, I hopefully companies diversify away from China. So, you have companies have 90 percent of their imports come from China, that's probably not a good strategy they've learned, right? With the tariffs and who knows what else is down the road? Maybe they go to Vietnam, maybe they go to Taiwan, maybe they start manufacturing and hopefully bring some manufacturing back here to the U.S.Well, my point is maybe the silver lining is because of this feud, companies are now going to look to diversify their sources and the suppliers.PAYNE: Well, we've seen a lot of that at Vietnam, and Mexico I think is the big winner so far.MAHONEY: Yes, that's right, yes.PAYNE: I mean, they really -- I've done extraordinarily well. And that's --(CROSSTALK)MAHONEY: And this is a silver lining though --PAYNE: That's what the reason I think they pass USMCA quickly. I think that --(CROSSTALK)MAHONEY: But stock buyback? Are you kidding me, this is the -- this is the go to. This is how we kind of get those EPS numbers look good.PAYNE: Yes. When Joe Biden announced his first official campaign speech, he mentioned stock buybacks. I'm not against them, but I am against them when you have a failing company or company that stumbling --(CROSSTALK)MAHONEY: I agree.PAYNE: And somehow, CEOs and executives are being paid in that stock that the company is buying back --(CROSSTALK)FREEMAN: But those who the companies you want to be buying back instead of blowing it on bad investments that they don't know how to make, right?PAYNE: But games -- but GameStop is a good example. GameStop's, they sort of buying their stock back big time a few years ago at 56. It's about five or six bucks right now.2017, a CEOs compensation was $6.5 million. Over $4 million of that was stock. That's nuts. And a company that was laying off people, closing stores, in the future was there. They know where the future was, they should have been investing that into a digital formula. But they didn't.Look at that. We've got it on the board, five bucks. They started buying it at $56 a share. I think that was a terrible decision.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Because it gets short some -- it gets short for somebody --DEANGELIS: You bring up a great point though, Charles. Because one of the criticisms of the president's tax cut was that companies are using this money to buy back stock instead of reinvesting it, which is what the goal would be. You can't tell them what to do with it when they're saving money, but that definitely has been a trend.PAYNE: Right, right. By the way, 770 billion brought back in the first year from overseas. So, that wasn't bad. Ken? We hit you from every angle, my man.All right. A deal in the healthcare industry. Cheryl Casone, you've got those details.CASONE: All right. That's right, Charles, United Health has agreed to buy healthcare payments firm that we own for about $3.2 billion. This is according to report in the journal this morning. This company offers payment processing services for health care companies and for insurers.Now, to Walmart, they have settled a seven-year criminal investigation. The retailer has agreed to pay $282 million to put the rest charges that it funded bribes around the world to win business.Companies Brazil division pleading guilty to violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. All of this according to the SEC. Now, under this deal, Walmart's going to admit to having weak policies in place to catch potential corruption.All right, grab your sunglasses, it's the first day of summer and it's also the longest day of the year today. We mark the summer solstice today at 11:54 a.m. Eastern Time. That is the moment the Sun is at its highest point of the sky ushering the summer season into the Northern Hemisphere. Expect the real heat, though in about a month. So, I'll talk to all of you again on July 21st.And strike your best pose today for summer, it's also National Selfie Day. Grab your phones, snap away, go ahead, share it with all your friends. Look who's got her selfie game on. Maria, I tell you what you all, she has really kicked in her Instagram game, she is becoming an Insta-star, and I'm loving all the pictures and there's Bella's -- oh, her new puppy obviously, Bella Dusty. Oh, there's a good one.So, anyway, Maria, if you're watching, loving all the selfies. I was a little jealous of the one she was taking in Paris though (INAUDIBLE).PAYNE: Yes.CASONE: South of France, I'm not going to lie, I was like really, come on.PAYNE: Every morning you kind of reminded her of that as well. So --CASONE: I was like, "Really! The sun is shining, those yachts behind you, OK."PAYNE: Would you -- would you believe I've never actually myself taking a selfie myself? I've been in selfies, but I never pulled the trigger in a selfie. That's one of the things I'm hoping I could put on my tombstone. We'll see.CASONE: Hey, there is a first time for everything. And it's National Selfie Day, Charles.PAYNE: I don't think about it. The Sun is out of 11:00, something, and they let me out, what do you think?VELICOVICH: I mean, it looks like Maria, so he's stepping up her game for sure being in France taking these selfies out there --(CROSSTALK)PAYNE: (INAUDIBLE) my friends, I might do it.VELICOVICH: Absolutely. I mean -- I mean, hopefully, it doesn't break the Internet today with all everyone who takes selfies, you know. But we will see --PAYNE: Yes, I thought that was every day. I'm afraid to go there because there's some people I like who take way too many selfies.DEANGELIS: Too many. Selfies are overdone, but we may break in your selfie game today.PAYNE: I like your old school resistance. Let's see.FREEMAN: Keep it up. Hey, coming up, by the way. Toys are back in town.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Change of plans.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Jesse, Ham, Buzz, Bolt, Rex, Potato Head.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, watch it, body.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do we go?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Let's go save us spore.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: The 4th movie in the Toy Story franchise debuts in theaters this weekend. Plus, a new Lion King teaser trailers short to be music to your ears. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Woody?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Why am I alive?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You are a toy.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You belong to Bonnie. These are your friends.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Woody, I have a question. Not just one, I have all the questions.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: Well, that was a clip from "Toy Story 4," the fourth installment of Disney's and Pixar's iconic film series. It hits theaters today. Joining me now: WBAI Radio Chief Film Critic Mike Sargent. All right, Mike, you've seen the movie.MIKE SARGENT, CHIEF FILM CRITIC, WBAI RADIO: Yes.PAYNE: Is it living up to the hype?SARGENT: You know, it's actually kind of amazing that it not only lives up to the hype but actually might be better than "Toy Story 3," yes. And that's pretty hard to do.PAYNE: What is the difference?SARGENT: Well, you know, in "Toy Story 3" I think what most people remember is you got a little emotional towards the end, you actually cared about these, you know, CGI characters. In this one, you are kind of happy they're still around, you see where they're going in their life; they're evolving like any good sequel, you know, more things happen in their lives, and I have to say, you know, it's a pretty satisfying sequel.PAYNE: So, they brought you deeper in.SARGENT: They brought deeper in. Andy has given his toys to -- he's given them away -- he's grown up and so he's given them away to a new girl. And now, they go on a road trip and, you know, there's a lot of fun things about it. There's a new character called Forky, who is -- you know, you remember how you use to make a toy out of craft things, so when it becomes a toy, it's not a fork anymore, comes to life. So, I bet you didn't know that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, might be a fun fact, my brother in law actually worked on the production for "Toy Story 4". So, I'm very excited to see -- shout out to him. But you know, the original came out, what, 25 years ago, so this obviously resonates with adults who are taking their kids to the same movie that they loved to see, but one thing I heard was that Pixar regards these characters, like Woody and Buzz, the same way that Disney regards Mickey Mouse. These are the characters that built these companies, and so it's important to them to get it right, and I'm curious if you --SARGENT: Well, I think they'd absolutely got it right. This is sort of the DNA of Pixar. You know, these characters, you know, they're iconic. They are as iconic as Mickey Mouse or Donald Duck or any of those characters. And you know, you have certain things you expect from them. So, it's a little (INAUDIBLE), because you know, you understand the jokes but like all good Pixar movies, it's great for kids; and as an adult, you get everything -- and it's G-rated.PAYNE: I want to move on to another pretty hot story. We got a teaser, right, from Disney's live-action reboot of "The Lion King," it's out. This time, it features Beyonce and Donald Glover singing the soundtrack. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SINGING IN DUET: Can you feel the love tonight.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Look at the stars.SINGING IN DUET: (INAUDIBLE).UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The great kings looked down on us from those stars.SINGING IN DUET: The world for once in perfect harmony with all its living things.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And so will I.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: The song sounds beautiful and was that James Earl Jones?SARGENT: That was James Earl Jones.PAYNE: They sold me. I'm good.SARGENT: I'm glad if it's sold because that's the film that will break almost every record.PAYNE: Really?SARGENT: Well, I think "Toy Story 4" -- I don't think it's going to break, you know, "Incredibles 2" record which was like $182 million opening weekend. I think this will be somewhere between 150-160 but "Lion King," forget about it. We may as well just print the money.FREEMAN: When you say live action, so it looks like it appears to be live- action but is actually computer-generated?SARGENT: Completely computer-generated, but it looks real and that's all that matters. So, it's like "Avatar."PAYNE: Yes, what's interesting is, so far this has been a dismal box office year.SARGENT: Except for Disney.PAYNE: Except for Disney. But it's been held back by all these sequels, right? I mean, how many times can they keep going back to the well? That well seems to be running out for some blockbusters.FREEMAN: Wait a minute, I was going to ask why they don't make more of them?SARGENT: That's why they won't stop.PAYNE: I'm talking about "Men in Black", you know, that a bust. There was something else soon --SARGENT: "Dark Phoenix" was a bust.PAYNE: The X-Men. And I love the X-Men series.SARGENT: I do too. Well, you know, I think, at a certain point, you know, you mentioned, is this "Toy Story" is good? You've got to see the characters evolved and you got to care. So, you know, if you have new characters in a reboot --PAYNE: Mike Sergeant, thank you very much.SARGENT: Thank you.PAYNE: Appreciate it. And coming up, breaking news this morning, a massive refinery fire in Pennsylvania that really sparked overnight. Take a look, well, it's dimming down; we'll show you some pictures. You can see it's still burning there. We've got those details for you straight ahead.PAYNE: A big week on here on MORNINGS WITH MARIA, here are some of the highlights.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)MARIA BARTIROMO, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Live from beautiful Cannes, France, it is Monday, June 17th. We are coming to you live from the Cannes Lion Conference.ART LAFFER, FORMER REAGAN ECONOMIC ADVISOR: Boy, business is a lot more fun in the South of France, isn't it?BARTIROMO: You know, it is. You think that the president risks taking away all the juice that we got from the tax-cut plan?LAFFER: I think his total purpose is to get lower tariffs, lower trade barriers -- and the way he's going about doing it is negotiating with the Chinese who are huge in this world and they've got to be brought on board to make freer trade.MARK PENN, FORMER SENIOR ADVISORS TO CLINTONS: -- you run on your resume. When you're in incumbent, you run on your record. So, he's going to have to make that record salient to Americans and that is about the economy.KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Chinese are attempting to dominate 5G as part of their 2046 plan. Chinese law requires companies like Huawei to participate in the intelligence efforts of the Chinese government. Huawei has gone from being a subordinate player behind Nokia, Ericsson and Samsung to being the largest such equipment supplier in the world.BARTIROMO: Blackstone Co-Founder, Chairman, and CEO Steve Schwartzman pledging $188 million to Oxford University.STEVE SCHWARTZMAN, CEO AND CHAIRMAN, STEPHEN SCHWARTZMAN: Oxford is the number one ranked humanities faculty in the world and it's also the number one rank philosophy department in the world. What's compelling for me was looking at the way their expertise, their knowledge of humans and humanity and western culture basically fits in terms of what we're going to have to do to figure out with A.I., what you can introduce, how you can introduce it, what appropriate regulations are.BARTIROMO: We are headed out of this world, literally. NASA opening the International Space Station to commercial business and private astronauts.CHRISTINA KOCH, NASA ASTRONAUT: Oh, it's just a standard day in space, working on experiments, keeping the space station running at peak performance and going about our business as astronauts. We are currently orbiting the Earth, 250 miles above the surface of the Earth.LT. COL. ANNE MCLAIN, NASA ASTRONAUT: We are Living on the International Space Station in an environment that was never originally designed for humans, or humans were not designed for this environment.DANIEL CHERRY III, CMO, ACTIVISION BLIZZARD ESPORT: We have about 600 Million viewers by 2020 watching e-sports in this community. And to your point, just like traditional sports, they want to be great at this competitive entertainment.JOHANNA FARIES, HEAD OF CALL OF DUTY, ESPORTS: E-sports in general is projected to be a $1.2 billion industry by next year.PAYNE: Revolutionizing the music industry from vinyl records and cassettes to streaming music on the go.WYCLEF JEAN, MUSICIAN: As someone who is a writer of Maria, Maria, Hips Don't Lie, 911, the catalog of over 400 songs, so what happens is when the streaming goes up the value of the catalog goes up. I have some breaking news. So, my catalog when I wrote this song for Carlos Santana: Maria, Maria -- I was really talking about you.BARTIROMO: I love that song. Oh, goodness, thank you so much for that.(END VIDEO CLIP)PAYNE: Wow! So, Maria has got a song from Wyclef and (INAUDIBLE). I mean, what do you think about that Jackie?DEANGELIS: A lot of songs. She looked amazing. It was really an incredible week over there. So much great conversation coming out of it and great interviews as well.PAYNE: Yes, it wasn't a bad place to be. And (INAUDIBLE) all weekend in New York.FREEMAN: You know, there's a blonde song called "Maria" which is also excellent.DEANGELIS: Is there?FREEMAN: Old song, yes, written --DEANGELIS: Sing it for us, James.FREEMAN: -- not going to sing it. You might want to put that in the opening next, too.PAYNE: All right. We'll work on that, I'll tell them, the producers are listening. All right, folks, still ahead, Zion Williamson, guest what? Not necessarily man bites dog. He goes first in the NBA draft but his emotional response really making headlines in the next hour of MORNING US WITH MARIA, you'll see it.Load-Date: June 21, 2019End of Document

'Unreliable entity': China may blacklist FedEx amid Huawei rowEturbo NewsJune 24, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 eTurboNews, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 443 wordsDateline: U.S. BodyU.S., June 24 -- US multinational courier delivery services company FedEx has apologized after failing to deliver a parcel that belonged to PC Magazine and contained a Huawei smartphone to the US . The incident, which is not the first of its kind to affect Huawei, was explained as an "operational mistake."PC Magazine tried to send a package with a Huawei P30 smartphone from Britain to the United States. Tracking services revealed the shipment was returned to London after it spent several hours in Indianapolis."The package in question was mistakenly returned to the shipper, and we apologize for this operational error," a FedEx spokeswoman said.The company also said it "can accept and transport all Huawei products except for any shipments to listed Huawei entities on the US Entity List."Following the incident, China's technology giant Huawei tweeted it was not within FedEx's right to prevent the delivery. It added that the courier had a "vendetta."China's foreign ministry said on Monday that FedEx should offer a proper explanation.The so-called 'operational error' comes less than a month after FedEx apologized for rerouting packages sent between offices of Huawei. Two packages containing "urgent documents" which were sent from Japan ended up being sent to the US. Huawei's shipping agent blocked two more from Vietnam, which FedEx had also attempted to reroute. Huawei's spokesman then said the incident had "undermined their confidence" in the US-based shipping company.The latest incident has sparked renewed criticism of FedEx on Chinese social media. The topic 'FedEx apologizes again' was trending on China's microblog platform Weibo.China's state-run newspaper the Global Times tweeted on Sunday that FedEx is likely to be added to the Chinese government's upcoming 'unreliable entities' list of foreign firms, groups and individuals that harm the interests of Chinese companies.Huawei has become an important point of conflict between the US and China as a part of the ongoing trade war. In May, the Trump administration added Huawei to the entity list effectively barring it from doing business with American companies which supply Huawei with necessary parts and technology. Google and Microsoft have suspended business with Huawei in order to conform to the US trade ban.The US alleges that Huawei could be spying for the Chinese government, a claim which the company, along with the Chinese government, has repeatedly denied.Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from US Eturbo News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: June 24, 2019End of Document

Telegram blames China for  powerful DDoS attack  during Hong Kong protestsiCrowdNewswire (English)June 13, 2019 Thursday 10:20 AM GMTCopyright 2019 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 755 wordsBody                   Telegram founder Pavel Durov has suggested that the Chinese government may have been behind a recent DDoS attack on the encrypted messaging service. Writing on Twitter, the founder called it a  state actor-sized DDoS  which came mainly from IP addresses located in China. Durov noted that the attack coincided with the ongoing protests in Hong Kong where people are using encrypted ... Continue reading Telegram blames China for  powerful DDoS attack' during Hong Kong protests       Telegram founder Pavel Durov has suggested that the Chinese government may have been behind a recent DDoS attack on the encrypted messaging service. Writing on Twitter, the founder called it a  state actor-sized DDoS  which came mainly from IP addresses located in China. Durov noted that the attack coincided with the ongoing protests in Hong Kong where people are using encrypted messaging apps like Telegram to avoid detection while coordinating their protests.            The attack raises questions about whether the Chinese government is attempting to disrupt the encrypted messaging service and limit its effectiveness as an organizing tool for the hundreds of thousands of demonstrators taking part in the protests. Bloomberg reports that encrypted messaging apps like Telegram and Firechat are currently trending in Apple's Hong Kong App Store, as demonstrators attempt to conceal their identities from Hong Kong's Beijing-backed government.                                                                                                                                         Patrick Tucker                                                                 @DefTechPat                                                                                · 15h                                                                                           Replying to @telegram                                                                          @durov Can you describe the origin?                                                                                                                                                                                         Pavel Durov                                                           @durov                                      IP addresses coming mostly from China. Historically, all state actor-sized DDoS (200-400 Gb/s of junk) we experienced coincided in time with protests in Hong Kong (coordinated on @telegram). This case was not an exception.                                        1,366                                                                                3:54 AM   Jun 13, 2019                                                           Twitter Ads info and privacy                                                                                                              2,110 people are talking about this                                                                                       As well as using encrypted messaging apps, Bloomberg notes that protesters in Hong Kong are also covering their faces to avoid facial recognition systems. They're also avoiding the use of public transit cards that can link location to identities.            Telegram's Twitter account said that the service had been hit with  gadzillions of garbage requests,  mostly from IP addresses originating in China, as part of the DDoS attack which had stopped the service from being able to process legitimate requests from users. It said that these garbage requests tend to be generated by botnets, networks of computers infected with malware.  This case was not an exception,  Durov tweeted without elaborating.            Hong Kong's protests are in response to a proposed law that would allow the city's Beijing-backed government to extradite its citizens to China. Critics fear the law could be used to cement Beijing's authority over the semi-autonomous city-state, where citizens tend to have a higher level of civil liberties than in mainland China.            As of 8pm Hong Kong local time on Wednesday, Telegram noted that the DDoS attack appeared to have stabilized, and assured users that their data is safe.            Tags:              See Campaign: https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/13/18677282/telegram-ddos-attack-china-hong-kong-protest-pavel-durov-state-actor-sized-cyberattack       Contact Information:       Jon Porter       Tags:       ,            Artificial Intelligence Newswire,            Wire,            United States,            EnglishLoad-Date: June 13, 2019End of Document

China challenges United States after ban on HuaweiStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeMay 20, 2019 MondayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: WORLD NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 714 wordsByline: Steven ClarkeBodyThe US Commerce Department noted Wednesday that it has reasons to believe that "Huawei is engaged in activities" that go against American national security, with US intelligence having previously accused the company of installing "backdoor" access in its devices upon the Chinese government's directives - a feature that would make it possible for them to spy on users, thereby putting their personal data in jeopardy.And nearly immediately after the White House announcement, the US Commerce Department said it had addedHuawei and 70affiliates to its so-called Entity List, which bans them from buying parts and components from US companies without US government approval.The order authorizes the commerce secretary to block any transaction involving communication technologies built by companies controlled by a foreign adversary that puts United States security at"unacceptable" risk or poses a threat ofespionage or sabotage to U.S. networks.Ltd. and 70affiliates are being added to the US Commerce Department's "entity list".The Trump administration said restrictions onHuawei Technologies Co. announced this week will take effect Friday, placing China's largest technology company and scores of itsaffiliates around the world on a blacklist that curtails its access to critical USA suppliers.Chinese technology giantHuawei voiced its objections tothe United States' recent move to "blacklist" the company, insisting the rash decision by President Donald Trump is in no one's interest.Huawei has denied time and time again that it is linked to the Chinese government, and says that it does not pose any sort of security threat.Following the restrictions onHuawei's access to US suppliers, the Trump administration will come up with measures to block USA imports of Huawei products."Instead, this will only serve to limit the USA to inferior yet more expensive alternatives, leavingthe United States lagging behind in 5G deployment, and eventually harming the interests of U.S. companies and consumers", the organisation said in a statement. "This information includes the activities alleged in the Department of Justice's public superseding indictment ofHuawei, including alleged violations of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act , conspiracy to violate IEEPA by providing prohibited financial services to Iran, and obstruction of justice in connection with the investigation of those alleged violations of USA sanctions".Louvre pyramid architect I.M. Pei dies at age 102In 1990, Pei completed the soaring Bank of China tower in Hong Kong, which at 70 stories was Asia's tallest building at the time. You're probably seen it on Instagram if friends share photos from their European excursions: the Louvre pyramid in Paris.The response came after president Trump stepped up measures againstHuawei on Wednesday, in which he effectively barred the telecom from the U.S. market and added it to a blacklist restricting United States sales to the firm.The action comes as the world's two largest economies ratchet up tariffs in a battle over what USA officials call China's unfair trade practices.In Paris,France's president has cautioned against freezing out Chinese tech giantHuawei or escalating trade tensions with China.The US has already taken measures such as restricting federal agencies from usingHuawei products and has encouraged its allies to take similar action. But it is facing security allegations from the U.S., whichHuawei has said are unfounded.China will definitely safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of its businesses, and Trump's executive order is not a "constructive and friendly" gesture, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Thursday.The US government apparently hasn't been able to find hard evidence thatHuawei spies on behalf of China, however.Worldwide technology companies are anxious about the effects of these moves on the technology industry.Separately, he said President Donald Trump had given his department 150 days to establish a process to screen US companies purchases of equipment from the Chinese firm, and other equipment providers with which officials have concerns.In a separate statement, Huawei said that "unreasonable restrictions" by the USA intruded "uponHuawei's rights and raise other serious legal issues".Load-Date: May 20, 2019End of Document

China Warns US And Reassures Foreign Firms After Huawei BlacklistingLive Briefs PRO Global MarketsMay 16, 2019 Thursday 6:10 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 871 wordsBody China has said it will protect its companies from "unfair" treatment from the US following Washington's blacklisting of Chinese tech giant Huawei, and has reassured foreign companies operating in China.China urged the US to end its "wrong approach", Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said Thursday, hours after US President Donald Trump declared a national emergency aimed at protecting US communications networks, in a move regarded as part of an effort to keep Huawei out of the US market."If Chinese enterprises are treated unfairly, the Chinese side certainly has the power to take necessary measures to safeguard our legal and reasonable rights," Lu said.He reassured foreign companies that as long as they operate legally in China, "they do not have to feel any unnecessary concerns".Trump's move is consistent with his commitment to protect the information and communications technology and services of the US, a White House statement said.The national emergency declaration is contained in an executive order Trump signed. It gives the Commerce Department the power to stop US companies from doing business with certain foreign suppliers.While the order doesn't expressly mention China or Huawei - a major player in the rollout of the next-generation 5G network - they are widely perceived as the target.A separate action by the Department of Commerce adding Huawei and its affiliates to the "entity list" - a list of companies considered to potentially pose a risk to national security or foreign policy interests - reinforced that perception.The department announced the addition on Wednesday shortly after Trump signed the executive order, saying it stemmed partly from activities related to the indictment of Huawei by the Justice Department in January.There have been 190 additions to the "entity list" since the start of the Trump administration, the statement said.Trump's order is not restricted to a single technology, meaning other information communications technologies could be affected."The president has made it clear that this administration will do what it takes to keep America safe and prosperous, and to protect America from foreign adversaries who are actively and increasingly creating and exploiting vulnerabilities in information and communications technology infrastructure and services in the United States," the statement said.Huawei responded on Thursday that the company was willing to engage with the US government and come up with "effective measures to ensure product security.""Restricting Huawei from doing business in the US will not make the US more secure or stronger; instead, this will only serve to limit the US to inferior yet more expensive alternatives, leaving the US lagging behind in 5G deployment, and eventually harming the interests of US companies and consumers," a company statement said. "In addition, unreasonable restrictions will infringe upon Huawei's rights and raise other serious legal issues," it said.The US had previously banned government agencies from contracting with Huawei or other companies that use its equipment amid worries that Huawei could use its dominance in the global 5G market to pass on information to the country's intelligence services. The US has also encouraged its European allies to sever ties to Huawei.Ajit Pai, chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, welcomed the executive order and agreed that China was the target."We need to have a crystal clear view of the threats that we face," Pai told Fox News. "The order shows that we take these threats seriously."He also noted that the FCC last week moved to deny China Mobile USA's application to offer telecom services in the US, saying the Chinese government-owned company poses a security risk. The application raised substantial and serious national security and law enforcement risks, Pai said.In January the US government alleged in an indictment that Huawei stole trade secrets from T-Mobile USA, charging the company's US affiliate with attempted theft of trade secrets, wire fraud, obstruction of justice and other offences that occurred from 2012-14.The US Department of Justice also charged Huawei with violating US sanctions against Iran. Huawei has denied all the charges.The indictment alleged the company's chief financial officer, who was arrested in December in Canada, committed numerous crimes. Canadian officials arrested Meng Wanzhou on a US warrant, and US authorities are seeking her extradition.China's Foreign Ministry has complained about the indictment of Meng, saying the US should stop the "unreasonable suppression" of Chinese companies.Washington is already engaged in an economic dispute with Beijing over trade. The two sides were close to a huge trade deal when China violated incremental agreements reached over months of negotiations, causing talks to break down last week, according to Trump.China's Foreign Ministry earlier this week cited demands Washington had added prior to the breakdown.The US last week increased tariffs to 25% on USD200 billion worth of Chinese products and Trump is looking "very strongly" at imposing another round that would affect USD325 billion of Chinese goods.By Gretel Johnston and Simina Mistreanu, dpaLoad-Date: May 17, 2019End of Document

Why Chinese influence is unlikely to be a hot topic in the next Australian electionCNN WireApril 10, 2019 Wednesday 5:08 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 713 wordsByline: By Julia Hollingsworth, CNNDateline: (CNN) Body (CNN) --  Fresh accusations of Chinese influence-peddling have emerged in Australia weeks before a national election, following claims a billionaire seeking Australian citizenship paid a lobbyist thousands of dollars to meet the then-immigration minister.An investigation, screened Monday by ABC's Four Corners, claimed Peter Dutton -- then immigration minister in the Liberal government -- had a one-on-one lunch in 2016 with Chinese property developer Huang Xiangmo. The meeting was purportedly arranged by former Liberal senator Santo Santoro, now a lobbyist to whom Huang is alleged to have paid thousands of dollars.Dutton is alleged to have met with Huang when the businessman was seeking Australian citizenship in 2016, and Dutton was immigration minister.Huang, who local media alleged has ties to China's Communist Party, was embroiled in an earlier political row.Last year, Australia passed a bill to ban foreign political donations after revelations of Huang's connections to a politician from the major opposition party, Labor. Monday's report comes as Australia gears up for a federal election expected in May, with opinion polls suggesting the Liberal-led coalition government will be defeated.Dutton, who is now home affairs minister, dismissed allegations of interference. "I have never received a dollar from this individual," he told reporters Tuesday. "I had one meeting with him over lunch. I have never seen him since."CNN has reached out to the office of Santoro for further comment. Yet in a country which has had five leaders in a decade, analysts say the latest revelation will only fuel public wariness of politicians -- even though it will likely not be a vote-changer. "I think it just adds to the distrust in the big parties," Macquarie University China researcher Adam Ni told CNN. "It's not just one of the parties, the activities are across the board." Chinese influence?It's not the first time Australia has been rocked by alleged links between a Chinese businessman and a politician -- or the first time billionaire Huang has been in the headlines. In 2017, Labor politician Sam Dastyari quit the Senate after revelations about his own connections to Huang, including his alerting the businessman that he might be under state surveillance.Earlier this year, Huang called Australia "a giant baby" after it revoked his permanent residency status, in part due to his alleged ties to the Chinese government.On Monday, Dastyari linked to a story about the Dutton allegations on his Twitter account, commenting: "I resigned for less."Ex-Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull also criticized his former colleague, saying the allegations were very "concerning and troubling.""Peter Dutton has a lot to explain about this," Turnbull said. "He is supposed to be the minister responsible for the domestic security of Australia. He's supposed to be the minister responsible for ensuring that our politics is not influenced by foreign actors."The idea that the minister responsible for enforcing those laws (about foreign influence) has had a meeting of this kind does raise a lot of questions."He also said current Prime Minister Scott Morrison urgently needed to address the allegations. "The buck stops with him," Turnbull added.Election issueIn the wake of the earlier revelations about Huang, Australia last year passed legislation banning foreigners from donating to political campaigns, and stopping foreign powers from interfering in policy-making. The law drew bipartisan support.Even so, neither party is eager to make the latest allegations a hot election topic."The issue of Chinese influence and interference is not a vote issue for Australians in the way that tax, health and education is," Richard McGregor, a senior fellow with the Lowy Institute and an expert on China's foreign relations, told CNN. "It's not a vote-changer."He said the political agenda during an election tended to be set by the two major parties, and neither would gain from discussing Chinese political influence."I just don't see them putting China at the dead center of it because there's not much mileage in it for them," McGregor said. "Their larger polices (on China) are not that different."TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: April 11, 2019End of Document

Why Chinese influence is unlikely to be a hot topic in the next Australian electionCNN.comApril 8, 2019 Monday 1:08 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: AUSTRALIALength: 697 wordsByline: By Julia Hollingsworth, CNNBodyFresh accusations of Chinese influence-peddling have emerged in Australia weeks before a national election, following claims a billionaire seeking Australian citizenship paid a lobbyist thousands of dollars to meet the then-immigration minister.An investigation, screened Monday by ABC's Four Corners, claimed Peter Dutton -- then immigration minister in the Liberal government -- had a one-on-one lunch in 2016 with Chinese property developer Huang Xiangmo. The meeting was purportedly arranged by former Liberal senator Santo Santoro, now a lobbyist to whom Huang is alleged to have paid thousands of dollars.Dutton is alleged to have met with Huang when the businessman was seeking Australian citizenship in 2016, and Dutton was immigration minister.Huang, who local media alleged has ties to China's Communist Party, was embroiled in an earlier political row.Last year, Australia passed a bill to ban foreign political donations after revelations of Huang's connections to a politician from the major opposition party, Labor.Monday's report comes as Australia gears up for a federal election expected in May, with opinion polls suggesting the Liberal-led coalition government will be defeated.Dutton, who is now home affairs minister, dismissed allegations of interference. "I have never received a dollar from this individual," he told reporters Tuesday."I had one meeting with him over lunch. I have never seen him since."CNN has reached out to the office of Santoro for further comment.Yet in a country which has had five leaders in a decade, analysts say the latest revelation will only fuel public wariness of politicians -- even though it will likely not be a vote-changer."I think it just adds to the distrust in the big parties," Macquarie University China researcher Adam Ni told CNN. "It's not just one of the parties, the activities are across the board."Chinese influence?It's not the first time Australia has been rocked by alleged links between a Chinese businessman and a politician -- or the first time billionaire Huang has been in the headlines. In 2017, Labor politician Sam Dastyari quit the Senate after revelations about his own connections to Huang, including his alerting the businessman that he might be under state surveillance.Earlier this year, Huang called Australia "a giant baby" after it revoked his permanent residency status, in part due to his alleged ties to the Chinese government.On Monday, Dastyari linked to a story about the Dutton allegations on his Twitter account, commenting: "I resigned for less."Ex-Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull also criticized his former colleague, saying the allegations were very "concerning and troubling.""Peter Dutton has a lot to explain about this," Turnbull said. "He is supposed to be the minister responsible for the domestic security of Australia. He's supposed to be the minister responsible for ensuring that our politics is not influenced by foreign actors."The idea that the minister responsible for enforcing those laws (about foreign influence) has had a meeting of this kind does raise a lot of questions."He also said current Prime Minister Scott Morrison urgently needed to address the allegations. "The buck stops with him," Turnbull added.Election issueIn the wake of the earlier revelations about Huang, Australia last year passed legislation banning foreigners from donating to political campaigns, and stopping foreign powers from interfering in policy-making. The law drew bipartisan support.Even so, neither party is eager to make the latest allegations a hot election topic."The issue of Chinese influence and interference is not a vote issue for Australians in the way that tax, health and education is," Richard McGregor, a senior fellow with the Lowy Institute and an expert on China's foreign relations, told CNN. "It's not a vote-changer."He said the political agenda during an election tended to be set by the two major parties, and neither would gain from discussing Chinese political influence."I just don't see them putting China at the dead center of it because there's not much mileage in it for them," McGregor said. "Their larger polices (on China) are not that different."Load-Date: April 11, 2019End of Document

Sources: Trump Delayed Action Against Huawei Until China Trade Talks StalledThe FrontrunnerMay 22, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 Bulletin News Network, Inc.Section: WASHINGTON NEWSLength: 544 wordsBodyBloomberg (5/21, Leonard, Wadhams, Talev, 4.73M) reports the Administration "held off on blacklisting Huawei Technologies Co. out of concern the move could disrupt trade negotiations with China and only took action after the last round of talks hit an impasse, according to people familiar with the matter." The sources said plans to target Huawei over security concerns "had been on the table for months and included possibly subjecting Huawei to economic sanctions," but the decision to take action "unfolded quickly once trade talks broke down, setting off a scramble to implement the measures, the people said."Chinese Envoy: US Accusations "Without Any Foundation."Chinese Ambassador to the US Cui Tiankai said on Fox News' Special Report (5/21, 2.21M) that the Administration's accusations against Huawei "are without any foundation and evidence. It is rather ironic, people who are making these accusations are exactly the group of people who have such job description." Tiankai added, "Everybody knows Huawei is a privately owned company. It is just a normal Chinese product company. All these actions taken against them are politically motivated. These accusations are nowhere there. We're very worried, such actions will undermine people's confidence in the normal function of the market."Huawei Founder Says US Will Not Harm Company.The AP (5/21, McDonald) reports Ren Zhengfei, "the founder of Huawei expressed confidence Washington's curbs on sales to the Chinese tech giant will have little impact and said Tuesday it is discussing 'emergency relief' from Google for possible loss of services for its smartphone business."NYTimes Analysis: US Targeting Chinese Weakness.The New York Times (5/21, Zhong, 18.61M) reports, "China imported more than $300 billion worth of computer chips," last year, "more than it spent on crude oil from abroad." The Times adds, "Washington has now turned China's reliance on American microchips against Huawei." The Times says the US move "strikes at a national soft spot for China that has weighed on the minds of the country's leaders for decades."Administration Considering Blacklisting Of Chinese Surveillance Technology Firm.The New York Times (5/21, Swanson, Wong, 18.61M) reports the Administration is "considering limits to a Chinese video surveillance giant's ability to buy American technology, people familiar with the matter said." The Times says the move "would effectively place the company, Hikvision, on a United States blacklist. It also would mark the first time the Trump administration punished a Chinese company for its role in the surveillance and mass detention of Uighurs." The move, however, is likely to "inflame the tensions that have escalated in President Trump's renewed trade war with Chinese leaders."WPost Analysis: McCarthy Blocked Limits On Chinese Involvement In US Transit To Benefit District.The Washington Post (5/21, Paletta, Werner, 14.2M) reports House Minority Leader McCarthy "blocked a bipartisan attempt to limit Chinese companies from contracting with US transit systems, a move that benefited a Chinese government-backed manufacturer with a plant in his district." The company in question is BYD Motors, which "makes electric buses that are often used by local governments."Load-Date: May 22, 2019End of Document

No iPhone, no KFC, no Disneyland: Chinese firm bans workers from buying US goods, travel to USAEturbo NewsMay 23, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 eTurboNews, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 541 wordsDateline: U.S. BodyU.S., May 23 -- As the US-China trade dispute gets uglier by the day some Chinese corporations seem intent to respond to Washington pressure by fair means or foul.The Jinggang Motor Vehicle Inspection Station, located in the Chinese province of Jiangsu, has issued a strict warning to its employees, reports The Epoch Times. The New York-based, Chinese focused media site says the instruction, sent by corporate email, requires workers to boycott products produced in the US and stop traveling to the country under threat of dismissal.The unusual notice comes amid nation-wide calls to ignore American goods which are actively supported by Chinese local media. The harsh criticism followed the latest developments in the ongoing trade war between Beijing and Washington, when the parties failed to find a resolution on mutual trade deal.As a result, the White House raised tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese imports from 10 to 25 percent, threatening to impose further levies on another $300 billion of goods imported from China. Beijing retaliated by increasing import duties on $60 billion worth of US products, starting June 1.Moreover, the US administration added Huawei and 70 of its affiliates to a trade blacklist, citing non-specific concerns about "national security threats." Shortly after that, Google confirmed it would sever its relationship with Huawei to comply with the requirements."To help our country win this war, company's authorities have decided that all employees must immediately stop purchasing and using American products," the note reads, as quoted by the media.The ban reportedly targets using iPhones, driving American vehicles, eating at the US food chains, as well as buying home US-branded care products."Employees are prohibited from purchasing or using iPhones; instead, they are recommended to use Chinese domestic brands of cell phones, such as Huawei," the company wrote.The firm stressed that its workers are not allowed to buy cars made by China-US joint venture manufacturers, but recommended "to purchase 100 percent Chinese-made vehicles."Eating in McDonald's or Kentucky Fried Chicken is also forbidden. "Employees are not allowed to purchase P&#38;G Amway, or any other American brands. and mustn't not go to the United States as a tourist."The instruction has reportedly spread across Chinese social media, evoking a mixed response among users with some ironically urging people to stop using Windows operating system or planes made by US aircraft manufacturer Boeing.Earlier this week, Chinese consumers took to online platforms, calling for a boycott of Apple products in favor of Huawei after the US ramped up pressure against the Chinese telecom giant. The step is expected to hurt Apple sales in China in the short-term.Apple's business in China accounted for more than 17 percent of its global sales in the second quarter, totaling $10.22 billion. The iPhone maker may lose 29 percent of earnings, if the Chinese government strikes back by banning its products, Goldman Sachs warned.Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from US Eturbo News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: May 23, 2019End of Document

SCHUMER: CHINESE STATE-OWNED COMPANY IS SELLING TRAIN CONTROL, WI-FI AND OTHER TECH EQUIP TO AMERICAN SUBWAY SYSTEMS AND WORKING WITH THE MTA;States News ServiceMay 19, 2019 SundayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 990 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by New York Senator Charles Schumer:SENATOR CALLS ON COMMERCE DEPT. TO INVESTIGATE WHETHER CHINESE STATE-OWNED TECH POSES THREAT OR EXPOSES NATIONAL SECURITY VULNERABILITIES ACROSS TRANSIT05.19.19In March Of 2018, MTA Selected 8 Winners Of An "MTA Genius Transit Challenge" One Of Those Winners Happened To Be A Chinese State-Owned Enterprise, CRRC; Despite Having No Existing Contract, CRRC Dumped $50 Million Of Its "Own Money" To Win and Develop A New Subway Car For MTA and NYC TransitChinese Company Is Touted For Installation Of "Modern Train Control Tech" That Schumer SaysEspecially NowDemands Immediate Review By Commerce Dept.; Feds Must Help MTA and Others Determine Any Risks Like Hacking, Vulnerability To Cyber-Warfare and MoreSchumer: Mass Transit Tech Is More And More Susceptible To Nefarious Acts; Feds Must Ensure U.S. Transit Agencies Like The MTA Are Never CompromisedAmidst rising trade tensions with China, an ever-increasing threat of cyberattacks, and a new White House order that restricts Chinese firms from business operations in the United States because of national security concerns, U.S. Senator Charles Schumer demanded, today, that the U.S. Department of Commerce thoroughly investigate a Chinese State-Owned firm, CRRC, working with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA). Schumer said the Chinese State-owned company has an aim to install new tech in the New York subway system and that the feds must determine any threat this might pose to the MTA and its commuters. Schumer also said Commerce must help other cities' mass transit systems already knee-deep in business with CRRC, including Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia and Boston."Given what we know about how cyberwarfare works, and recent attacks that have hit transportation and infrastructure hubs across the country, the Department of Commerce must give the green light and thoroughly check any proposals or work China's CRRC does on behalf of the New York subway system, including our signals, Wi-Fi and more," said U.S. Senator Charles Schumer.China's CRRC, the state-owned railway corporation, is building rail cars for some of America's biggest cities. Citing CRRC contracts in America's big cities, like Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia and Boston; as well as new partnerships with cities like Washington and New York City, Schumer says the Department of Commerce must investigate whether CRRC's technology and involvement poses a threat to the MTA and the other U.S. mass transit systems across the country."This kind of national security responsibility is just so big, and so complex, that the MTA and other big-city transit systems should not have to foot the burden of going at it alone to assess whether or not CRRC's low bids for work, and current contracts across the country, are part of some larger strategy. We just cannot be too careful here, especially now, amidst these tensions and general cyber threats," Schumer added.The state-owned China Railway Rolling Stock Corp. (CRRC) has already been awarded contracts to build rail cars for some of the biggest cities in the U.S., including Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. Many argue that the company has been able to secure such deals by significantly underbidding competitors with the help of subsidies from the Chinese government. Currently, CRRC is pursuing a $500 million Washington D.C. metro car contract while keeping its eyes on New York in pursuit of a roughly $4 billion contract with the MTA.On May 23, 2017, the State announced that the MTA would launch the "MTA Genius Transit Challenge," a grant program that challenged companies and individuals to develop innovative solutions to improve New York City's subway system. On March 9, 2018, MTA announced that China's CRRC was one of the winners of that grant program, as the company invested $50 million of 'its own funds' to develop a new subway car for MTA's transit system, despite the absence of any current or ongoing procurements. This railcar would include modern train control technology, Wi-Fi, and other systems that could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, hacking, or left vulnerable to backdoors in key systems, according to the MTA.After winning the MTA challenge, CRRC said , "We are honored and excited to have been chosen for the MTA's Genius Transit Challenge. We look forward to introducing CRRC's design philosophy focused on accelerating the pace subway vehicles are procured and deployed to the New York transit system."The Pew Research Center reported in 2018 that state and local government agencies have become increasingly susceptible to cyberattacks -- especially in the sector of public transportation. In 2016, the public transit system in San Francisco endured a ransomware attack from hackers who demanded $70,000. The Sacramento Regional Transit was hit with a similar attack the following year. In 2018, the Colorado Department of Transportation was forced to shut down 2,000 computers following two ransomware attacks. Security officials and experts have pointed to China as a possible source of these attacks.In light of the growing cybersecurity threats to public transit systems in the U.S., Schumer says it is particularly alarming that CRRC is so broadly winning contracts that provide intimate access to U.S. transit systems. He says CRRC's involvement in the operations of the NYC Subway System demand the Department of Commerce fully examine from top-to-bottom--the impact such involvement can have on America's and New York's vibrant rail supply sector, which in New York alone contributes over $3 billion in GDP to the state's economy every year and supports over 5,000 jobs.Schumer says, a now-deleted tweet posted by CRRC, lays out the concerns perfectly. It read: "So far 83% of all rail products in the world are operated by #CRRC or are CRRC ones. How long will it take for us conquering the remaining 17%?"Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

Schumer: Chinese State-Owned Company is Selling Train Control, Wi-Fi, Tech Equip to American Subway Systems, Working With MTATargeted News ServiceMay 19, 2019 Sunday 7:41 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1003 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodySen. Charles E. Schumer, D-New York, issued the following news release:Amidst rising trade tensions with China, an ever-increasing threat of cyberattacks, and a new White House order that restricts Chinese firms from business operations in the United States because of national security concerns, U.S. Senator Charles Schumer demanded, today, that the U.S. Department of Commerce thoroughly investigate a Chinese State-Owned firm, CRRC, working with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA). Schumer said the Chinese State-owned company has an aim to install new tech in the New York subway system and that the feds must determine any threat this might pose to the MTA and its commuters. Schumer also said Commerce must help other cities' mass transit systems already knee-deep in business with CRRC, including Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia and Boston."Given what we know about how cyberwarfare works, and recent attacks that have hit transportation and infrastructure hubs across the country, the Department of Commerce must give the green light and thoroughly check any proposals or work China's CRRC does on behalf of the New York subway system, including our signals, Wi-Fi and more," said U.S. Senator Charles Schumer.China's CRRC, the state-owned railway corporation, is building rail cars for some of America's biggest cities. Citing CRRC contracts in America's big cities, like Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia and Boston; as well as new partnerships with cities like Washington and New York City, Schumer says the Department of Commerce must investigate whether CRRC's technology and involvement poses a threat to the MTA and the other U.S. mass transit systems across the country."This kind of national security responsibility is just so big, and so complex, that the MTA and other big-city transit systems should not have to foot the burden of going at it alone to assess whether or not CRRC's low bids for work, and current contracts across the country, are part of some larger strategy. We just cannot be too careful here, especially now, amidst these tensions and general cyber threats," Schumer added.The state-owned China Railway Rolling Stock Corp. (CRRC) has already been awarded contracts to build rail cars for some of the biggest cities in the U.S., including Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. Many argue that the company has been able to secure such deals by significantly underbidding competitors with the help of subsidies from the Chinese government. Currently, CRRC is pursuing a $500 million Washington D.C. metro car contract while keeping its eyes on New York in pursuit of a roughly $4 billion contract with the MTA.On May 23, 2017, the State announced that the MTA would launch the "MTA Genius Transit Challenge," a grant program that challenged companies and individuals to develop innovative solutions to improve New York City's subway system. On March 9, 2018, MTA announced that China's CRRC was one of the winners of that grant program, as the company invested $50 million of 'its own funds' to develop a new subway car for MTA's transit system, despite the absence of any current or ongoing procurements. This railcar would include modern train control technology, Wi-Fi, and other systems that could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, hacking, or left vulnerable to backdoors in key systems, according to the MTA.After winning the MTA challenge, CRRC said, "We are honored and excited to have been chosen for the MTA's Genius Transit Challenge. We look forward to introducing CRRC's design philosophy focused on accelerating the pace subway vehicles are procured and deployed to the New York transit system."The Pew Research Center reported in 2018 that state and local government agencies have become increasingly susceptible to cyberattacks -- especially in the sector of public transportation. In 2016, the public transit system in San Francisco endured a ransomware attack from hackers who demanded $70,000. The Sacramento Regional Transit was hit with a similar attack the following year. In 2018, the Colorado Department of Transportation was forced to shut down 2,000 computers following two ransomware attacks. Security officials and experts have pointed to China as a possible source of these attacks.In light of the growing cybersecurity threats to public transit systems in the U.S., Schumer says it is particularly alarming that CRRC is so broadly winning contracts that provide intimate access to U.S. transit systems. He says CRRC's involvement in the operations of the NYC Subway System demand the Department of Commerce fully examine -from top-to-bottom--the impact such involvement can have on America's and New York's vibrant rail supply sector, which in New York alone contributes over $3 billion in GDP to the state's economy every year and supports over 5,000 jobs.Schumer says, a now-deleted tweet posted by CRRC, lays out the concerns perfectly. It read: "So far 83% of all rail products in the world are operated by #CRRC or are CRRC ones. How long will it take for us conquering the remaining 17%?"* * *- Senator Calls on Commerce Dept. To Investigate Whether Chinese State-Owned Tech Poses Threat or Exposes National Security Vulnerabilities Across Transit- In March Of 2018, MTA Selected 8 Winners Of An "MTA Genius Transit Challenge"-- One Of Those Winners Happened To Be A Chinese State-Owned Enterprise, CRRC; Despite Having No Existing Contract, CRRC Dumped $50 Million Of Its "Own Money" To Win &#38; Develop A New Subway Car For MTA &#38; NYC Transit- Chinese Company Is Touted For Installation Of "Modern Train Control Tech" That Schumer Says--Especially Now--Demands Immediate Review By Commerce Dept.; Feds Must Help MTA &#38; Others Determine Any Risks Like Hacking, Vulnerability To Cyber-Warfare &#38; More- Schumer: Mass Transit Tech Is More And More Susceptible To Nefarious Acts; Feds Must Ensure U.S. Transit Agencies -- Like The MTA - Are Never CompromisedCopyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6735019 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

Apple CEO Tim Cook Denies Company is A Monopoly; Xbox Body Wash; Apple Updates Guidelines for Kids' AppsMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 7:00 AM ESTJune 5, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; FinancialLength: 7366 wordsByline: Maria Bartiromo, Dagen McDowell, Cheryl Casone, Emily Compagno, Newt Gingrich, Judge Andrew NapolitanoGuests: Michael Block, Kurt Knutsson, Jonathan D. WardBodyMARIA BARTIROMO, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Welcome back. Good Wednesday morning, everybody. Thanks so much for joining us.I'm Maria Bartiromo. And it is Wednesday, June 5th.Your top stories right now at 7:00 a.m. on the East Coast.Breaking news this morning. We are remembering D-Day, which is tomorrow. President Trump spoke moments ago at the 75th anniversary event in the U.K., reading a prayer originally read by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on the night of June 6th, 1944.Tariffs on Mexico set to go into effect in five days. Vice President Mike Pence will meet with Mexican officials today at the White House to try to make a deal before that happens.A rate cut is now on the table officially. Federal Reserve chair Jay Powell said that the central bank could take action if the trade battle escalates. That sparked a huge rally on Wall Street yesterday and that continues this morning.Futures indicating a gain at the start of trading of 167 points. That's two-thirds of 1 percent. The S&P is up 20. And the Nasdaq is up 61 as you see.Next hour we will be getting the may ADP report. The expectation is for 180,000 jobs added to the economy in the month of May.This after a big rally on Wall Street yesterday on the Powell comments -- take a look. The Dow Industrials finishing up 512 points. That was better than 2 percent. The S&P was up better than 2 percent, 58 points higher. And the Nasdaq up two and two thirds percent. That was 194 points higher on the Nasdaq yesterday. All on the idea that the Fed could in fact cut rates at some point this year.In Europe this morning, gains there as well. FT 100 is up two thirds of a percent, 44 points. The CAC in Paris is up 36. That's two-thirds of a percent. And the DAX index up 68 points.In Asia overnight, markets were mixed but as you can see, Japan was the best performer, up 1.8 percent on the Nikkei average.China is hitting Ford Motor now with a fine. What that means for the trade fight coming up.All those stories coming up this Wednesday morning.And joining me to break it all down: Fox Business Network's Dagen McDowell; market strategist at ThirdSeven Advisors Michael Block; and Fox News contributor, attorney Emily Compagno. Great to see everybody this morning.EMILY COMPAGNO, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Thank you.MICHAEL BLOCK, MARKET STRATEGIST, THIRDSEVEN ADVISORS: Yes.BARTIROMO: Yes. We've got a lot --DAGEN MCDOWELL, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Can we talk about markets really quickly --BARTIROMO: Yes, please.MCDOWELL: -- before we move on to the D-Day commemoration which again is the most important thing.But in terms of follow through, I'm kind of -- are you surprised that the markets are following through a little bit after the Fed speak yesterday? Because I was listening really closely to what Brian Moynihan was saying, no rate cut this year. But there are a lot of other people -- Barclays, the economists there now think the Fed is going to cut rates by half a percentage point in September. And then another 25 basis point cut later in the year. That's kind of incredible for an economy for the most part that looks really solid right now.BARTIROMO: It all depends on this trade fight because, you know, we'll see. I mean look what China's doing now. Now, it's messing with Ford Motor. It harassed FedEx last week. It's threatening that it's going to stop the rare earth minerals from getting imported to the U.S. So the fight with China worsens and now we've got this Mexico uncertainty.BLOCK: Remember, Mr. Moynihan is doing his job as CEO of one of the largest banks in the world, saying everything is going along reasonably well. There's no need to cut rates here.There's others who are more academic and are saying well, if the unemployment rate is x, then maybe we don't need to cut rates. Remember that James Board (Ph) from the St. Louis fed said the other day, low unemployment rate is not a reason in this situation to not cut rates because there's other things going on.And then we have a dysfunctional market here. This yield curve is telling us that something is amiss here. We could say this time it's different. We could say it's not a real signal, doesn't matter anymore. The point is, it is affecting the market and the economic psychology out there.The Fed cutting rates may help alleviate some of that psychosis, if you will, and that's a big part of this.BARTIROMO: Well, maybe it's sentiment. But I mean look at the actual data points. You've got unemployment at 3.6 percent. We're going to get the ADP number out in a an hour and 10 minutes. And we're expecting to see 180,000 jobs created in the month of May and the unemployment rate holding steady at 3.6 percent.I recognize the PMI, the purchasing manager's index is showing some weakness certainly on a global basis. And then you have the question, can the U.S. continue growing this way with the rest of the world slowing down? But is it that dire that we need a rate cut?BLOCK: The rate cut is a matter of instilling confidence and undoing some of the dysfunction in the market. That's the way I look at it. When I talk to professionals, guys who run a lot of money say in the credit sector, they say that the December hike was a mistake. It was done on some backward looking data, and perhaps it shouldn't have been done. This would help undo that.MCDOWELL: it But it has to be pretty would have to be pretty dire for the fed to cut rates. The only example when it wasn't the case, when it wasn't obvious that a recession was on the horizon or that was real instability in the financial markets was going back to 1995.That came after the fed had raised short-term interest rates by 3 percentage points in a single year.BARTIROMO: Yes. Then they reversed course, right.MCDOWELL: Right. So it's been a number of years and then, by the way, that was in -- it was also the last two jobs reports preceding that fed interest rate cut were actually we saw job destruction in those months. So that was one of the reasons.So you would have to see -- the Federal Reserve is not cutting rates if we're getting six figure job increases every month and inflation is still at 1.6 percent, although that's low.You have the tariffs which could increase inflation and then unemployment is low and you've got wage growth the fastest pace in a decade. This is not the backdrop of a fed that cuts rates and the market thinks it's going to happen. I'm like you better watch out. The yield curve still was inverted yesterday despite the selling and longer term treasuries and the yields going up. It still remained inverted.(CROSSTALKING)BARTIROMO: And the 10-year is lower than a lot of them. So what yield are you looking at that's most important? Because if you look at even the three month, that's at 2.4, 2.5 percent, versus the 2.07 that you're looking at the 10 year. What yield do you look at that's most important in terms of -- versus the 10 year?MCDOWELL: I think you watch the 10 year.BARTIROMO: 10-year versus what though.MCDOWELL: Even the 10-year versus the fed funds rate.(CROSSTALKING)BARTIROMO: That's two and-a-half.MCDOWELL: But I still don't think the Fed cuts rates here even though the yield curve is inverted. I still don't think the Federal Reserve cuts.BARTIROMO: I don't think so either. It's not warranted with the economy that's growing and producing all of these jobs.MCDOWELL: But watch -- even just watch the fed funds raised 2.25, 2.5 watch the 10-year once it gets back above maybe -- maybe it's today, gets back above that 2.25 percent, that would be a healthy sign, right-- Mike?BLOCK: Look, right now -- right now, that three-month to 10-year spread is signaling recession right now. We could say that's not possible. That's what the market is telling us right now. The fear is this becomes a self fulfilling prophecy, the data heads south. That's what I'm thinking about. I think that's what the Fed is telling us they want to focus on here. Let's see.BARTIROMO: There's the 10 year at 2.13 percent. And as you say, the others are higher than this at 2.25 to 2.5 percent.We are also remembering America's heroes this morning. Just moments ago President Trump delivered a tribute to commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-Day. He read from Roosevelt's D-Day prayer.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: All mighty God, our sons, pride of our nation, this day have set upon a mighty endeavor, a struggle to preserve our republic, our religion, and our civilization and to set free a suffering humanity. They will need thy blessings for the enemy is strong. He may hurl back our forces but we shall return again and again. And we know that by thy grace and by the righteous of our cause, our sons will triumph.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Wow, getting the chills as he reads that prayer. Joining me now, Fox News contributor, former speaker of the house, and the author of "Collusion", Newt Gingrich is here. Good to see you -- Newt. Thanks very much for weighing in this morning.Quite the commemorative ceremony happening this morning in the U.K. as we look ahead to tomorrow, June 6th and the anniversary of D-Day, 75years ago.NEWT GINGRICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: I actually did a podcast on D-Day and President Roosevelt's prayer. The whole prayer runs much longer than they had time for this morning. But I thought President Trump delivered the heart of it really, really well.And hopefully it reminds people that, you know, in 1944 this was seen as a spiritual crusade. You had the Nazis who were anti-God trying to create a secular dictatorship. And it was seen as a struggle for the survival of our civilization.And tomorrow represents the 75th anniversary of the biggest gamble ever taken by humans beings. There is no other project the size and complexity of the Normandy invasion. And it was a remarkable human achievement.BARTIROMO: Yes, it's a good way to put it.Let me ask you about the Trump economy -- Newt. We want to look at these new Fox News polls, showing the President received positive job ratings on his handling of the economy. The President tweeted this this morning -- Newt. If the totally corrupt media was less corrupt I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe the best ever. If the corrupt media was actually fair I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the fake news, we are doing great."Newt -- you know, we're over here this morning debating whether or not we're going to see a rate cut. The economy is going strong. I mean you've got have 3.6 percent unemployment. And we're going to get the ADP numbers to show more job growth in the month of May within the next hour.GINGRICH: Well, but let me offer you a contrarian view. I really think the Fed ought to focus on money. If you have no inflation, then you ought to be relatively passive. And if you have a big increase in productivity which is going to happen you can actually afford to cut rates just not because you're trying to stimulate the economy, but because you actually don't need to send any signal that money ought to be more expensive.I mean money's expensiveness is a function of projected inflation. And what Trump has managed to pull off so far is substantial economic growth while fighting with some of our trading partners, while really working at profound deregulation. And so he's got a relatively stable monetary environment with continued increase in employment and wage increase which is very, very important to bring the middle class back into the game.BLOCK: Mr. Speaker -- Mike Block here. Good morning. So what does this all mean? In light of what you just said, what do you think could happen here with the trade situation with Mexico, which is on everyone's mind over the past few days? Do you think that tariffs will go into place? Do you think a deal can be reached here? Do you think that's very important to this economic engine continuing?GINGRICH: Yes. I think a deal will probably be reached. And again, frankly, the President ought to put the focus right on the Congress. We wouldn't be in this mess, he wouldn't be having to muscle the Mexicans if the U.S. Congress would do its job. The whole premise that Trump worked on for two and-a-half years was build a wall, protect the United States, don't bother your neighbor.But if the congress refuses to do its job, and he is determined to cut off the flow of illegal immigration, which by the way has grown dramatically in the last year, then you've got to pressure the number one source which is Mexico.I mean, all of these people coming up to the border are coming up to the border through Mexico. And if the Mexicans wanted to, they could control all of that. Historically, they haven't wanted to particularly.And so I think he looked around for the only tool he had, which was to scare the Mexicans with a tariff and he said look, trying to get control of our border and trying to stop illegal immigration is more important than the short-term economic side effect of a tariff.BARTIROMO: Yes.GINGRICH: I mean plus remember, Trump is a very good negotiator who always starts very tough and then goes back to being reasonable.(CROSSTALKING)BARTIROMO: Well, the Republicans are threatening to block -- the Republicans are threatening to block any tariffs on Mexico and we should point out that one of the ministers in Mexico yesterday said that he sees an 80 percent chance of avoiding any U.S. tariffs. It feels like it's bluster. That's how I saw it from the get-go. But we'll see, you know.I mean he made the threat. He's got to stick to it if in fact they don't come up with a substantial answer to the border crisis.Mk1: I think Vice President Pence will end up with a positive announcement. It will take substantial steps in the right direction which they should. But at the same time, I would point out whether or not even with the Republicans and the Senate in rebellion, whether or not they could override a presidential veto is not at all clear to me.BARTIROMO: Newt it's good to see you this morning. Thanks so much.GINGRICH: Great. Thanks.BARTIROMO: Newt Gingrich joining us there.Coming up, hitting an American icon: Ford in the middle as tensions between the U.S. and China intensify. The details coming up next.Then Tim Cook is pushing back, the CEO of Apple denying a monopoly. Coming up, right after this.BARTIROMO: Welcome back.A big change for Senator Elizabeth Warren's campaign staff.Cheryl Casone with details now and headlines -- Cheryl.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Yes, Maria -- the 2020 hopeful allowing her campaign staff to unionize. She's green lighted a request by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers to represent her employees. Senator warren now the third Democratic presidential candidate to allow this, following Senator Bernie Sanders and former HUD secretary Julian Castro.Well, a Florida state trooper the victim of a dramatic hit and run. There's the video. Trooper Arsenio Caballero (ph) hit on Florida turnpike in Broward County last month. He was assisted another trooper during a traffic stop. He's ok. I just want to say that before I get to the end. A white sedan slammed into Caballero as he walked back to his vehicle. He was rushed to the hospital. He is now at home.So again, looks like he's going to be ok. But police are working to track down that driver.Well, it was no laughing matter for comedian Tracy Morgan after his new, brand-new $2 million sports car was involved in a minor accident in New York City. New video shows Morgan not taking it lightly. He banged on the other car after he stood up on his own luxury Bugatti trying to get out. The fender bender happened about an hour after he had driven the car, Maria, off of the lot. Nobody was injured.And then there is this -- Jeff Bezos is heading to Fifth Avenue. The amazon CEO is buying three apartments for a cool $80 million. This is one of the richest deals in Manhattan real estate, according to the "Wall Street Journal". He's buying the penthouse and two units directly underneath it in a 1912 neo-gothic building. If turned into a single family home, the three units would total more than 17,0000 square feet Maria, with 12 bedrooms. Not your average New York City apartment.BARTIROMO: Well, he's got the money to do it, that's for sure.CASONE: He sure does.MCDOWELL: He was apparently looking at one of these apartments, a penthouse in on e of these new building in West Chelsea. I'm so glad he's not living in my neighborhood. Because again, can you imagine the traffic with his entourage and all his security. At least he isn't moving into one of these billionaire towers which are in midtown which are literally the ugliest buildings put up in New York City ever. Like the one that ken griffin, hedge fund manager, that's the top price.BARTIROMO: Do we know where his new building is.MCDOWELL: Yes, it's on Madison Square Park.BLOCK: 212 Fifth Avenue.MCDOWELL: 212 Fifth Avenue -- so at least it's an older building, I'll say that.Can we talk about the car, though? Because you drive someone tells me a '72 Ford.COMPAGNO: Yes. Ford Mackline. So are we talking about the Bugatti or the China fight with Ford..MCDOWELL: Right, if somebody hit your car, how would you react? Emily Compagno -- I want to know.COMPAGNO: Tracy Morgan was probably calm by comparison. I just think it's like Murphy's Law. But you know, he just got a $90 million settlement from Walmart. But yes, some of the shelves and panels on the car alone are $250,000. So even though it's a fender bender, it's not such when you're actually talking about the price tag of the damage. And of course, it's huge dent in the value of the car but obviously, it's probably not getting it for resale value. . It's just an tunfortunate circumstance for him.MCDOWELL: I will tell you this, if you bought my car, even my used Porsche that I drive, I will fall up on the hood of your car and it would damage it. I am very -- I weigh a lot more than people probably think. And I'm pretty stout.BARTIROMO: You're not going to dent the car. You're not going to dent the car. You're not that heavy.MCDOWELL: I have fallen on the hood of cars before. If you bump me or threaten my dog I will fall on the hood of your car. It will scare you and you will never ever get in another fender bender.BARTIROMO: Don't want that to happen to you or anybodyComing up hitting an American icon, Ford Motor caught in the middle as tensions between the U.S. and China intensify.Then Tim Cook is pushing back, the Apple says Apple is not a monopoly is not a monopoly at all. Details coming up, right here.BARTIROMO: Welcome back.U.S.-China trade tensions are heating up. China fining Ford's joint venture with China nearly $24 million for violating anti-monopoly law. This as trade talks between the U.S. and China remain at a stand still.Joining me right now is Jonathan D.T. Ward, of Atlas Organization. He's the author of this book, "China's Vision of Victory". Jonathan -- it's good to have you on the program this morning.JONATHAN D.T. WARD, ATLAS ORGANIZATION: Good to be here Maria.BARTIROMO: Thank you so much for joining us.So the vision of victory for of China is what?WARD: The vision of victory for China is ultimately to surpass the United States, to use their economic power to build themselves into the dominant super power of the 21st century.They're going to fill in the military and technological pieces but the bottom line is to use the power of 1.4 billion people to become a force unlike anything else in the world.BARTIROMO: And there's really national security concerns around this. I mean that's one area that we've really been covering mostly -- the national security threat as opposed to just an economic story. Because this is way more than just a trade war.Huawei is a perfect example. The Chinese technology company's chairman said that he's willing to sign a no spy deal with the United States. That's what he's saying. This as the U.S. is pushing a ban due to security concerns.They recognize they're about to he see a ban, they are seeing a ban in the United States and they're about to see lots of partners, customers say we're no longer doing business with you because there is espionage going on. Everything that Huawei picks up goes right back to the Chinese government.WARD: That's right. So you have to look at Huawei in the context of this entire system. And people are looking for a smoking gun, i.e., what have they done. The real smoking gun is the entire political system in China which says in its national intelligence law for example, any entity, company, organization must assist the Chinese state and national intelligence collection, must deny this. I mean you're talking about a man, the founder, engine say who wrote an ode to the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation which is the Chinese Communist Party's goal of becoming the dominant super power.So this is someone who is deeply embedded in that system.BARTIROMO: so what do you do about this. I mean I feel like American companies have been so interested in getting their foothold into the Chinese economy to be able to sell to 1.4 billion people that along the way they forgot to protect their own products that the Chinese have been stealing their trade secrets, their knowhow and now the Chinese are at a point where yew, they can go head to head and compete with the U.S. right there and probably beat the U.S. in a number of ways.WARD: Well, this is the problem is people weren't doing the long-term thinking on what it means to go into China. So all these, you know, two decades worth of tech transfer, JV's, or outright industrial espionage, this has consequences now.China's share of the fortune global 500 has gone almost the same as the U.S. so the question now is, are companies prepared to compete with Chinese corporate as they go out often with the backing of the state and people are still looking at China's strategy as the China market, not the effect of China on all their global markets. This can be very disruptive.BARTIROMO: I'll point this out. Out of the 30 largest banks, 13 are Chinese. The top five are Chinese. So the biggest banks in the world are Chinese.The banking sector has had a tough time getting a real foothold in terms of owning 51 percent although UBS is, and now JP Morgan just got some waivers and licenses.Senator Marco Rubio wrote a new "Wall Street Journal" op ed that you can't trust a Chinese audit. This is his point in the op ed. He's publishing for a new bill -- he's pushing for a few bill to ensure U.S. Listed companies comply with American financial reporting roles.The Senator writes this, "Many Chinese businesses are listed on the U.S. Stock Exchanges but Beijing's intra-signage ensures that American investors often don't get a true picture of those company's financial health.I mean you look at a company like an Alibaba, where are the profits? They go through so many different areas so I think that's partly what he's referring to.WARD: Sure. On one hand, the Chinese used this global system, I mean tomorrow is the anniversary of D-Day, of course, where you have really the beginning of America's global presence. The architects that came after that and set up an American order that lasted 70 years, I think that ended in 2014 when you had Crimea and the South China Sea happening at the same times.Authoritarian nations which have come back, you know, and have used this system and you have Xi Jinping at Davos last year, you know, before talking about China as the free trader. These are not true. And so for them to use our system and then create their own advantages while having this ultimate goal of surpassing us is something that can't happen anymore. So we're going to have to work around that.BARTIROMO: Well, American companies have to go into China with their eyes wide open. I mean let's not forget today is the 3- year anniversary of Tiananmen Square where the Chinese government cracked down on protesters who wanted freedoms. And many people died, they were killed in this.They're not going to know a thing about this in China because They will censor Google. They will censor all news so that No Chinese can actually read the facts of what happened. So American companies really need to have their eyes wide open going into operating with a company that's completely different approach than the U.S. democracy.Do you think we're going to get a trade deal, bottom line?WARD: I think in the end if you have something that's not going to amount to much. I mean you're talking about Xi Jinping lying to Barack Obama in the Rose Garden in 2015 about the South China Sea, you know, sunny lands about industrial espionage. I mean what you have don't change the nature of long-term U.S.-China competition. So the business community has got to be ready for this.BARTIROMO: so maybe we'll get a deal but it's not going to be a big deal because it's impossible to change cultures.WARD: Not with -- it's not going to change what they want. It's not going to change their means of getting it.BARTIROMO: I couldn't agree more.That's what I've been saying. How do you move the needle on something that's cultural, stealing IP, forcing the transfer of technology.Jonathan -- congrats on the book. We'll be following your work. Thank you.WARD: Thank you -- Maria.BARTIROMO: Jonathan T.T. Ward joining us there on China.Coming up reining-in big tech, Apple's CEO Tim Cook is hitting back on allegations of an Apple monopoly. We'll tell you what he says.And then Microsoft's new venture. The tech company taking on men's grooming, details coming up. Stay with us.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Good Wednesday morning, everybody. Thanks so much for joining us. I'm Maria Bartiromo and it is Wednesday, June 5th. Your top stories right now, 7:33 a.m. on the East Coast.We have breaking news this morning, we are remembering D-day. 75th anniversary commemorations currently underway in Portsmouth, United Kingdom. President Trump read a prayer earlier, originally read by President Franklin Roosevelt on the night of June 6th, 1944, after the Normandy invasion.Countdown to tariffs on Mexico. Vice President Mike Pence will meet with Mexican officials today at the White House. Trying to make a deal before they go into effect in five days.And a rate cut is now on the table officially. Federal Reserve Chairman Jay Powell said the central bank could take action if the trade battle escalates.Markets are rallying on that comment on top of a huge rally yesterday. Take a look at Futures, indicating a gain at the start of trading of 135 points, one-half of one percent. The S&P right now is up 14 points. And the NASDAQ up 45, two-thirds of a percent.Next hour we will be getting the May ADP report, the expectation is for 180,000 jobs added to the economy in the month of May. This after a huge rally on Wall Street yesterday on Powell's comments. Take a look, the Dow Industrials up 512 points yesterday, better than two percent. The S&P was up 58 points, also better than two percent. And the NASDAQ was up 194 points, that was 2.65 percent higher.The momentum continues this morning in Europe. European indices are higher across the board. The FT-100 is up 33 points, half a percent. CAC Quarante in Paris is up 27 and the DAX Index in Germany is up 42.In Asia overnight mixed story, although Japan was the best performer. The Nikkei average up 1.8 percent.Our top story this half an hour, targeting technology. The House Judiciary Committee gearing up for an anti-trust investigation into major technology companies promising a top to bottom review of the market power held by giant technology platforms. This as Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, is denying an Apple monopoly. Arguing that the company does not have a dominance share in any market.Joining us right now is Fox News senior judicial analyst, Judge Andrew Napolitano. Judge, good to see you.JUDGE ANDREW NAPOLITANO, FOX NEWS SENIOR JUDICIAL ANALYST: Good morning.BARTIROMO: What do you think?NAPOLITANO: Well, it's a little unusual for the House Judiciary Committee to be shadowing the identical investigation that's being done by the Justice Department. And for the Justice Department to be shadowing the identical investigation that's being done by the Federal Trade Commission.So, and it's also unusual for them to announce the existence of these investigations before anything happens. Now, the DOJ of course can sue, it can also indict. The FTC can change rules or adjudicate big tech folks as having violated rules and the House of Representatives can initiate legislation to change things.Stated differently, they're all going after the tech giants because of the perception that they are too big and, therefore, need to be regulated. That perception I suggest to you is so contrary to free market principles and can only harm the consumer in the long run.So, the without which there is nothing of anti-trust law, Emily knows this, is is there harm to the consumer. Tim Cook could have all the sharp elbows he wants and engage in all the price discrimination that he wants but if the consumer has not been harmed, there is no anti-trust case. So that's the bottom line.When they did this with Microsoft, it took six years of investigation before a single document was filed in court. So I think we're going to be talking about this for a long time.BARTIROMO: How do you know if the consumer was harmed? Because doesn't Google right now represent 90 percent of all searches? I mean, they are obviously dominant.NAPOLITANO: Yes and it's the DOJ's job, if they're going to pursue Google -- let's say the DOJ decides and I don't think it will be this DOJ. Because this will take so long, assuming the president is reelected in 2020, this would not be resolved until after 2024, whatever DOJ it is. Their job to demonstrate to a judge, not a jury, the consumers had been harmed.And they do this by economic experts using professors of economics who've done studies and will testify. Cases like this are usually very, very technical. On the technical side, how did Google get so big, how does it operate. On the economic side, who was harmed by it? Is there a trial? There is rarely a trial. These cases usually end in some sort of a settlement so the government can claim victory and the industry can claim.BARTIROMO: What do you guys think? I mean, they're having hearings on June 11th. The Journal reported identifying five Senators and four Congressmen to watch as lawmakers focus on technology companies, Michael. They included Elizabeth Warren, Chuck Schumer, Josh Hawley, along with Doug Collins and Ro Khanna. Doug Collins is our guest, coming up later on in the show.BLOCK: This is grandstanding of the worst kind by both Congress and by this regulator who are trying to make names for themselves. They're the great crusaders out here. The fact that we're talking so much about, well, the DOJ gets this, the FTC gets that. We have a saying for that in finance. It's like you guys are arguing over who gets what percentage of nothing. That's what this comes down to.But judge, I want to turn it back to like what this really means from a legal standpoint? What can the -- what can regulators do over a long period to actually remedy, say, Alphabet/Google's share (INAUDIBLE) of the search market? What would be a remedy there if they said, yes, these guys control the search market, it needs to be -- something needs to be done about this, it is hurting consumers, according to this judge. What can they do?NAPOLITANO: Google is such an efficient instrument for ascertaining information. The prosecutors themselves in the courtroom during the trial are going to be using Google. I mean, it's almost absurd that they would claim that it has to be broken up.MCDOWELL: I don't think it is -- Emily can get in here.NAPOLITANO: Maria put her finger on it. What harm is there to the consumer?(CROSSTALK)MCDOWELL: I can go through the harm to the consumer. But I'm curious -- since Emily is an attorney, I'm curious what she thinks.BARTIROMO: And we should say this, there's more to this, it's not just the fact that they're so big. But the House Republicans are also wanting to know why they censor conservative conversation. That's another thing that the Republicans are looking at. Go ahead, Emily.COMPAGNO: Well judge, I just wanted to get your insight on, you know, much has been made over the Supreme Court allowing the lawsuit to proceed that Apple is setting the market prices out there, setting the inflation based on selling their app. So, can you speak to about us how that would dove tail in with these investigations on the merits?NAPOLITANO: That is a -- that's a very interesting case. That is a class action case, brought by people who claim, I bought an app from Apple for $99.00, I'm just going to use rounded numbers. Apple bought it for $0.99. What value did Apple add to it to justify the increase in price from $0.99 to $99.00.Now, the old rule was forget it. You don't like it, go buy it from the person that sold it to Apple for $0.99. The new rule after the Supreme Court ruling is, wait a minute, you can't even find this guy who created it for $0.99. And he may have no assets and you had no financial relationship with him, therefore you can sue Apple. It sounds like it's a small deal. It's a huge deal because it's a class action. So who's in the class? Everybody who has an app from Apple. That's probably a quarter of the earth.MCDOWELL: That's the point. Here's how consumers get hurt. When Facebook basically abuses their private information and they lie to the users on Facebook about who has access to it. Facebook and Google combined control roughly two-thirds of all online advertising.NAPOLITANO: Correct.MCDOWELL: How are they using our data? Are they monetizing our personal information? You have a problem with the NSA, why wouldn't you have a problem with these two giants, this mono -- this duopoly in online advertising basically abusing our personal information and tracking our movements all over the internet and making money off of it and maybe over- charging the businesses who advertise on the internet?NAPOLITANO: I agree with you. But it is absurd for the federal government to go after somebody for violating privacy when the federal government is the biggest violator of privacy in the country. You know, but it well tell, they can't do it with a straight face.Yes, you are right, they do violate privacy. I don't have to use them. But I can't avoid the NSA as long --MCDOWELL: But you can't avoid the internet. In this day and age, you could argue in a court of law that you can't avoid the internet. And if you are on the internet, they are abusing your information. These two companies, Facebook and Google.NAPOLITANO: Well, that's an area where they have violated my rights, your rights and the rights of everybody else's private information that makes its way into somebody else's hands.BARTIROMO: Yes, for sure.NAPOLITANO: But the government does it as well.BLOCK: There needs to be no more Cambridge Analytica. But I'm not sure the death penalty are trying to baby out the bath water stance.MCDOWELL: It wasn't Cambridge Analytica, it was -- this went on for years and years and years. And it was going on before Cambridge Analytica and Facebook had said that they had stopped the practice and it continued, of where they were accessing information of friends.If you did -- if you did a poll, it was -- they had access not to the individual doing the poll but all of the data and interactions of their friends.BLOCK: The regulators need to -- need to set up then an enforcement mechanism, healthy mechanism, there needs to be precedent set here.NAPOLITANO: You know, I am -- I am a great defender of the Fourth Amendment but the Fourth Amendment which guarantees the right to be left alone only regulates the government. And I hate to say this, because I go through this with Varney all the time. What privacy is left? Is there even an expectation of privacy? There should be. We all expect some privacy. But it's dissipating right before our eyes.BARTIROMO: It sure is. Judge, thank you.NAPOLITANO: You're welcome.BARTIROMO: Good to see you, Judge Andrew Napolitano.Coming up, keeping kids safe, Apple changing its app store to better protect children, it says.And then Microsoft in men's grooming, the company's new Xbox venture, the sweet smelling details when we come back.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Earnings from Campbell's Soup now on the tape. Investors watching that. Cheryl Casone with the details in headlines right now, Cheryl.CASONE: We're in some numbers, Maria. Good morning again. Campbell's Soup reporting adjusted profit of $0.56 a share that easily beat the estimate of $0.47. These are the third quarter numbers. The company raising full year earnings guidance by the way. But revenue of $2.18 billion missed the estimate for $2.36 billion. Let's take a look at the stock in the premarket. Well, there's the year-to-date. We'll watch that stock for you a little bit later.American Eagle outfitters due to report its latest results at the top of the hour, same store sales expected to rise on increasing demand for its aerie line of lingerie. Again, a year-to-date chart of American Eagle on your screen.Well, shares of GameStop sharply lower in the premarket this morning after the company's disappointing first quarter results. GameStop reported a 13 percent drop in the revenue. That did miss the estimate. The stock is down, look at that, almost 30 percent in the premarket, folks. They are halting their quarterly dividend we should add. GameStop's been struggling as it's facing major threats from tech giants like Google and Microsoft. Again, that stock down about 40 percent so far this year, and again, it is down in the premarket.And then there is this, Xbox offering gamers a chance to clean up their act. Microsoft partnering with Unilever's Lynx for personal care products like Xbox body wash, Xbox deodorant. This is (INAUDIBLE) to report in game spot. The product line exclusive to Australia when it launches next month. There's a joke about showering and playing video games but I'm not going to go there. I'm just going to send it back to you.BARTIROMO: All right, Cheryl, thank you.CASONE: You bet.BARTIROMO: Coming up, Apple's push for privacy, the company rolls out a new features to protect children, we've got those details right after this.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Apple quietly making changes after its developer event on Monday. New app store guidelines focus on kids' apps. Joining us now the cyber guy, Kurt Knutsson in L.A. Kurt, good to see you this morning. Tell us what Apple is doing.KURT KNUTSSON, THE CYBER GUY: Maria, always good to see you. Monday at the big Worldwide Developers Conference just up north of here in San Jose. First of all, thousands of people in attendance, the largest event I've seen so far attended and just after the event they dropped a hidden headline. And that is, that the guidelines for the app store are changing dramatically for app developers that intend to market to kids. Two big things coming out of this.Number one, no longer will they be able to use third party ads to get to kids. And at the same time, they will not be allowed to use third party trackers. We've seen so much of this in the news more recently, even report it here about the Washington Post experiment where they found that 5,400 trackers were in one person's monthly use of their iPhone when they're not even using their iPhone, they're just simply sending information out. Kid's apps in the past have had trouble with this.Curious World is one of them coming under fire for sending a child's name, their location, and a lot of other details straight to Facebook, incorporated. And at this point, Apple is saying if you violate these rules, we're really tightening up privacy, you are going to be kicked out of the app store.COMPAGNO: Kurt, notwithstanding obviously the approval voiced at the Developers Conference, the question I have is whether there was any type of articulated sentiment of why did this take so long?KNUTSSON: You know, you're not going to hear that in that audience. But you did hear a lot of sort of a relief sighed not on that, but when they talked about -- because they didn't talked about that at the -- at the conference.What they did talk about is a very related theme and that is the sign-in to Apple feature that will be coming. And that is the ability to use Apple I.D. credentials to sign into other things that we use on a regular basis. The only ones really capitalizing that market is Google and Facebook. Those two going to see some huge competition here, because as Dagen points out, Facebook has just done a splendid job of proving to us that we cannot trust them with our privacy and at the same time, Apple is really embracing despite their occasional hit of the sort of lapses where how come this didn't happen already with regard to this kind of tightening of the app store. The number one rule there is revenue is why that didn't happen.But the fact of the matter is, they're going to do well in this space. And that's going to be a big improvement for all of us, whether we're talking about our kids or whether we're just talking about our privacy in general, what's left of it, anyway.BLOCK: Hi Kurt, any indication that say, Alphabet and Amazon are doing similar things in terms of -- you know, guidelines like this?KNUTSSON: You know, they're typically responsive to Apple in this regard. I think what's going to be interesting is Apple like the sign-in feature as it relates to kids' apps being protected and us just being protected, you're going to see them tighten those rules in that fashion. We haven't heard it yet but at the same time, their credibility is just on a fine line, whether it'd be Alphabet, with Google or you're dealing with Amazon.Amazon at the same time has become more and more focused on generating revenue from advertisements and not just being a retailer. So we've got our eye on them. But Apple at the same time never takes this information, their big proclamation that market is we're not using your personal data to benefit any other company except for you to interface with us. So, I think Apple is going to do well in the long term with this one.I think in terms of personally, having covered technology for 20 years, I'm tossing out all the other credentials such as Facebook and Amazon that make it easy to sign on as soon as I have access to what appears to be a much more trusted source.BARTIROMO: Kurt, thank you. Good to see you.KNUTSSON: Good to see you, Maria.BARTIROMO: Kurt Knutsson, joining us there.Still ahead, jobs in America. The ADP report out for the month of May in about 15 minutes. Next hour, we will have it, right here, MORNINGS WITH MARIA, stay with us.BARTIROMO: : Welcome back. Good Wednesday morning, everybody. Thanks so much for joining us. I'm Maria Bartiromo and it is Wednesday, June 5th. Your top stories right now, just before 8:00 a.m. on the East Coast.Breaking news this morning, we are remembering D-day which is tomorrow. President Trump speaking earlier this morning at the 75th anniversary event in the U.K. The formal event ending moments ago with a patriotic fly over.President Trump also meeting with veterans who fought during the invasion in Normandy. He will be leaving for Ireland later this morning before heading to France.Tariffs on Mexico sent to go into effect in five days. Vice President Mike Pence will meet with Mexican officials at the White House today to try and make a deal before that happens.A rate cut is now on the table, Federal Reserve Chairman Jay Powell says that the central bank could take action if the trade battle escalates.Markets are rallying this morning on the heels of that comment on top of the big rally yesterday. Dow Futures indicating a gain at the start of trading of 146 points, two thirds of one percent. S&P is up 15 and the NASDAQ Futures right now up 51.In just 15 minutes time, we will be getting the ADP report for the month of May. The expectation is --Load-Date: June 5, 2019End of Document

APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail techAssociated Press State & LocalMay 19, 2019 Sunday 4:51 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 839 wordsByline: By MICHAEL BALSAMO, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate's top Democrat is calling on the federal government to step in and investigate whether a plan for new subway cars in New York City designed by a Chinese state-owned company could pose a threat to national security.Sen. Charles Schumer of New York said in a statement to The Associated Press on Sunday that he's asked the Commerce Department to conduct a "top-to-bottom review" after CRRC, one of the world's largest train makers, won a design contest for new subway cars that would include "modern train control technology."The company hasn't won a contract in New York City, which has America's biggest transit system, but it has been awarded contracts in recent years for new subway cars in Los Angeles, Chicago, Boston and Philadelphia.In announcing the contest winners last year, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which operates the subway system, said CRRC had proposed investing $50 million of its own money to develop the new subway cars. The contest was designed to bring out new ideas for future projects but did not lead to any contracts for new subway cars and the MTA is not currently purchasing any new cars.But in the last few years, China has pushed to dominate the U.S. rail car market, a multibillion-dollar industry. CRRC is also believed to be pursuing a $500 million contract with the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority in Washington, D.C.Security experts and members of Congress have raised the alarm about CRRC because it is owned by the Chinese government, warning of prior cyberthreats and hacking attacks linked to Chinese intelligence officials. They fear allowing the company to install technology in America's rail system could potentially expose it to cyberespionage and sabotage.Schumer's call for an investigation comes amid rising tensions between the U.S. and China after trade talks between the two nations broke up earlier this month without an agreement. Days ago, President Donald Trump signed an executive order to declare a national economic emergency that empowered the government to ban American telecommunication companies from installing foreign-made equipment and technology that could pose a threat to national security."The MTA has robust, multilayered and vigorously enforced safety and security standards, but we support efforts of government agencies to bolster that work," spokesman Max Young said.A spokesman for CRRC Sifang America - the company's arm in Chicago - said a majority of the components used in its new rail cars come from U.S. companies and said concerns about spying or malware are misplaced. The rail cars meet specific requirements set by the transit agencies, the manufacturer doesn't control the cyber components it installs and it is "not possible" for the company to implant malware in the system, he said."There is no evidence of a passenger railcar manufacturer, including CRRC, installing any type of new technology that could intentionally open passenger railcars to cyberthreats or pose a threat to commuters and national security," spokesman Dave Smolensky said. "CRRC is eager to address any concerns Senator Schumer has and we welcome an inquiry regarding our U.S. operations."Legislation has been introduced in both the House and Senate that, if passed, would prevent federal funds from being used for rail projects involving Chinese companies."Given what we know about how cyberwarfare works, and recent attacks that have hit transportation and infrastructure hubs across the country, the Department of Commerce must give the green light and thoroughly check any proposals or work China's CRRC does on behalf of the New York subway system, including our signals, Wi-Fi and more," Schumer said the statement to AP.In 2017, hackers attacked the Sacramento transit system and demanded a ransom in cryptocurrency. The transit agency said at the time that the hackers erased parts of programs on its servers that affect operations like the ability to use computers to dispatch employees and assign buses. In 2016, a ransomware attack on San Francisco's transit system resulted in officials shutting down ticketing machines, allowing free rides for much of a weekend. And last year, the Colorado Department of Transportation fell victim to a similar attack that essentially froze hundreds of computers.In the last few years, the U.S. Justice Department has brought several cases alleging hacking by Chinese intelligence officials and targeting Chinese cyberespionage."This kind of national security responsibility is just so big, and so complex, that the MTA and other big-city transit systems should not have to foot the burden of going it alone to assess whether or not CRRC's low bids for work, and current contracts across the country, are part of some larger strategy. We just cannot be too careful here, especially now, amidst these tensions and general cyber threats," Schumer said.The Commerce Department did not immediately comment on Sunday.___Follow Balsamo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1 .Load-Date: May 20, 2019End of Document

APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail techAssociated Press InternationalMay 19, 2019 Sunday 4:51 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 839 wordsByline: By MICHAEL BALSAMO, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate's top Democrat is calling on the federal government to step in and investigate whether a plan for new subway cars in New York City designed by a Chinese state-owned company could pose a threat to national security.Sen. Charles Schumer of New York said in a statement to The Associated Press on Sunday that he's asked the Commerce Department to conduct a "top-to-bottom review" after CRRC, one of the world's largest train makers, won a design contest for new subway cars that would include "modern train control technology."The company hasn't won a contract in New York City, which has America's biggest transit system, but it has been awarded contracts in recent years for new subway cars in Los Angeles, Chicago, Boston and Philadelphia.In announcing the contest winners last year, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which operates the subway system, said CRRC had proposed investing $50 million of its own money to develop the new subway cars. The contest was designed to bring out new ideas for future projects but did not lead to any contracts for new subway cars and the MTA is not currently purchasing any new cars.But in the last few years, China has pushed to dominate the U.S. rail car market, a multibillion-dollar industry. CRRC is also believed to be pursuing a $500 million contract with the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority in Washington, D.C.Security experts and members of Congress have raised the alarm about CRRC because it is owned by the Chinese government, warning of prior cyberthreats and hacking attacks linked to Chinese intelligence officials. They fear allowing the company to install technology in America's rail system could potentially expose it to cyberespionage and sabotage.Schumer's call for an investigation comes amid rising tensions between the U.S. and China after trade talks between the two nations broke up earlier this month without an agreement. Days ago, President Donald Trump signed an executive order to declare a national economic emergency that empowered the government to ban American telecommunication companies from installing foreign-made equipment and technology that could pose a threat to national security."The MTA has robust, multilayered and vigorously enforced safety and security standards, but we support efforts of government agencies to bolster that work," spokesman Max Young said.A spokesman for CRRC Sifang America - the company's arm in Chicago - said a majority of the components used in its new rail cars come from U.S. companies and said concerns about spying or malware are misplaced. The rail cars meet specific requirements set by the transit agencies, the manufacturer doesn't control the cyber components it installs and it is "not possible" for the company to implant malware in the system, he said."There is no evidence of a passenger railcar manufacturer, including CRRC, installing any type of new technology that could intentionally open passenger railcars to cyberthreats or pose a threat to commuters and national security," spokesman Dave Smolensky said. "CRRC is eager to address any concerns Senator Schumer has and we welcome an inquiry regarding our U.S. operations."Legislation has been introduced in both the House and Senate that, if passed, would prevent federal funds from being used for rail projects involving Chinese companies."Given what we know about how cyberwarfare works, and recent attacks that have hit transportation and infrastructure hubs across the country, the Department of Commerce must give the green light and thoroughly check any proposals or work China's CRRC does on behalf of the New York subway system, including our signals, Wi-Fi and more," Schumer said the statement to AP.In 2017, hackers attacked the Sacramento transit system and demanded a ransom in cryptocurrency. The transit agency said at the time that the hackers erased parts of programs on its servers that affect operations like the ability to use computers to dispatch employees and assign buses. In 2016, a ransomware attack on San Francisco's transit system resulted in officials shutting down ticketing machines, allowing free rides for much of a weekend. And last year, the Colorado Department of Transportation fell victim to a similar attack that essentially froze hundreds of computers.In the last few years, the U.S. Justice Department has brought several cases alleging hacking by Chinese intelligence officials and targeting Chinese cyberespionage."This kind of national security responsibility is just so big, and so complex, that the MTA and other big-city transit systems should not have to foot the burden of going it alone to assess whether or not CRRC's low bids for work, and current contracts across the country, are part of some larger strategy. We just cannot be too careful here, especially now, amidst these tensions and general cyber threats," Schumer said.The Commerce Department did not immediately comment on Sunday.___Follow Balsamo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1 .Load-Date: May 20, 2019End of Document

APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail techAssociated Press Financial WireMay 19, 2019 Sunday 4:51 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 839 wordsByline: By MICHAEL BALSAMO, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate's top Democrat is calling on the federal government to step in and investigate whether a plan for new subway cars in New York City designed by a Chinese state-owned company could pose a threat to national security.Sen. Charles Schumer of New York said in a statement to The Associated Press on Sunday that he's asked the Commerce Department to conduct a "top-to-bottom review" after CRRC, one of the world's largest train makers, won a design contest for new subway cars that would include "modern train control technology."The company hasn't won a contract in New York City, which has America's biggest transit system, but it has been awarded contracts in recent years for new subway cars in Los Angeles, Chicago, Boston and Philadelphia.In announcing the contest winners last year, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which operates the subway system, said CRRC had proposed investing $50 million of its own money to develop the new subway cars. The contest was designed to bring out new ideas for future projects but did not lead to any contracts for new subway cars and the MTA is not currently purchasing any new cars.But in the last few years, China has pushed to dominate the U.S. rail car market, a multibillion-dollar industry. CRRC is also believed to be pursuing a $500 million contract with the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority in Washington, D.C.Security experts and members of Congress have raised the alarm about CRRC because it is owned by the Chinese government, warning of prior cyberthreats and hacking attacks linked to Chinese intelligence officials. They fear allowing the company to install technology in America's rail system could potentially expose it to cyberespionage and sabotage.Schumer's call for an investigation comes amid rising tensions between the U.S. and China after trade talks between the two nations broke up earlier this month without an agreement. Days ago, President Donald Trump signed an executive order to declare a national economic emergency that empowered the government to ban American telecommunication companies from installing foreign-made equipment and technology that could pose a threat to national security."The MTA has robust, multilayered and vigorously enforced safety and security standards, but we support efforts of government agencies to bolster that work," spokesman Max Young said.A spokesman for CRRC Sifang America - the company's arm in Chicago - said a majority of the components used in its new rail cars come from U.S. companies and said concerns about spying or malware are misplaced. The rail cars meet specific requirements set by the transit agencies, the manufacturer doesn't control the cyber components it installs and it is "not possible" for the company to implant malware in the system, he said."There is no evidence of a passenger railcar manufacturer, including CRRC, installing any type of new technology that could intentionally open passenger railcars to cyberthreats or pose a threat to commuters and national security," spokesman Dave Smolensky said. "CRRC is eager to address any concerns Senator Schumer has and we welcome an inquiry regarding our U.S. operations."Legislation has been introduced in both the House and Senate that, if passed, would prevent federal funds from being used for rail projects involving Chinese companies."Given what we know about how cyberwarfare works, and recent attacks that have hit transportation and infrastructure hubs across the country, the Department of Commerce must give the green light and thoroughly check any proposals or work China's CRRC does on behalf of the New York subway system, including our signals, Wi-Fi and more," Schumer said the statement to AP.In 2017, hackers attacked the Sacramento transit system and demanded a ransom in cryptocurrency. The transit agency said at the time that the hackers erased parts of programs on its servers that affect operations like the ability to use computers to dispatch employees and assign buses. In 2016, a ransomware attack on San Francisco's transit system resulted in officials shutting down ticketing machines, allowing free rides for much of a weekend. And last year, the Colorado Department of Transportation fell victim to a similar attack that essentially froze hundreds of computers.In the last few years, the U.S. Justice Department has brought several cases alleging hacking by Chinese intelligence officials and targeting Chinese cyberespionage."This kind of national security responsibility is just so big, and so complex, that the MTA and other big-city transit systems should not have to foot the burden of going it alone to assess whether or not CRRC's low bids for work, and current contracts across the country, are part of some larger strategy. We just cannot be too careful here, especially now, amidst these tensions and general cyber threats," Schumer said.The Commerce Department did not immediately comment on Sunday.___Follow Balsamo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1 .Load-Date: May 20, 2019End of Document

China's Rare Earth Threats Drive Home a Basic Fact About the Trade WarRealMoneyMay 29, 2019 Wednesday 11:52 AM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 612 wordsByline: Eric JhonsaHighlight: Both Washington and Beijing have no shortage of options for inflicting major economic damage on the other party. That provides some reasons to think a near-term truce will eventually be reached, even if there are long-term consequences to this fight.BodyThe latest wrinkle in the U.S./China trade war: China is threatening to use its status as the world's dominant supplier of rare earth minerals - a dozen-plus elements with catchy names as lanthanum, praseodymium and ytterbium -- to hurt the many U.S. companies dependent on them.A  from a Chinese government official was followed by  from major Chinese newspapers, with one of the newspapers using language similar to that used in remarks made amid past conflicts with India and Vietnam.The threats come, of course, after the U.S. put Chinese tech giant Huawei on an "entity list" that prohibits Huawei's U.S. suppliers from working with the company in the absence of government approval, and as a result could potentially deal a crippling blow to a company that does over $100 billion in annual sales.If China was to either significantly restrict rare earth exports and/or place large export tariffs on them, firms relying on Chinese rare earth exports would undoubtedly feel a lot of pain in the near and intermediate-term. The U.S. Geological Survey  China accounted for over 70% of 2018's global rare earth production of 170,000 metric tons. While China's production share is likely to fall over the long run, given that it possesses just 37% of the world's estimated rare earth reserves, for now large reserves in places such as Vietnam, Brazil and Russia are being lightly tapped. And tech and electronics companies are far from the only U.S. firms dependent on rare earths. The elements  within vehicle exhaust systems, as well as to help create metal alloys, build magnets used by motors and generators and polish materials such as glass, marble and granite. As a result, rare earth export restrictions would impact not only a company like Apple  , but also the likes of Tesla  , GM  and Caterpillar  .With all that said, I think China's rare earth threats drive home a basic fact that has often been overlooked as markets have mulled the implications of the U.S. government's recent Huawei actions: The U.S. and China each have a near-infinite number of options for doing massive economic damage to each other, given how connected their economies have become.In addition to potentially slapping large new tariffs on Chinese exports, the U.S. could follow up on its Huawei actions by targeting other major Chinese tech and electronics firms in a similar manner -- names that come to mind include ZTE, Lenovo, Xiaomi and Oppo. The U.S. could also (among other things) place broader restrictions on the export of products such as chip manufacturing equipment and advanced industrial machinery to China.China, for its part, could follow up on rare earth export restrictions by targeting the local operations of major U.S. multinationals -- potential names include everyone from Apple to IBM  to Boeing  to Starbucks  . Or it could throw U.S. debt markets into turmoil by unloading a large portion of the $1.2 trillion in U.S. treasuries it has amassed, although this would throw a wrench into Beijing's attempts to keep the yuan's value depressed relative to the dollar in order to make Chinese exports more attractive.The mutually-assured destruction bound to result from a no-holds-barred trade war between Washington and Beijing still provides reasons to think some kind of truce will be reached before things really get out of hand. Neither side is likely to forget this fight anytime soon -- China will undoubtedly try to lower its long-term dependence on U.S. chips, software and manufacturing equipment, while U.S. firms will work to lower their dependence on Chinese manufacturing -- but that doesn't mean one act of escalation will keep being followed by another.Load-Date: June 4, 2019End of Document

Reps. Mark Green and Henry Cuellar Introduce Bill to Stop Chinese Military's Acquisition of Sensitive American TechnologyTargeted News ServiceJune 27, 2019 Thursday 8:40 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 609 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Mark Green, R-Tennessee, issued the following news release:Reps. Mark Green (R-TN) and Henry Cuellar (D-TX) introduced today the bipartisan China Technology Transfer Control Act of 2019 in the U.S. House. The bill would stop the Chinese military's acquisition of sensitive American technology and formally admonish China for its predatory trade practices.In recent years, China has aggressively advanced its military capabilities through IP theft and exploitation of loopholes. The Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community have anxiously warned of China's dangerous investments in U.S. firms working on facial-recognition, 3-D printing, virtual reality and autonomous vehicles to build up their warfighting capabilities. They have pushed U.S. companies into "pay-to-play" to operate in their country, requiring that they help their surveillance state and military or not participate in their market at all. Furthermore, they have exploited loopholes in U.S. law to pay to use technology, such as U.S.-owned satellites, for attacking the human rights of minorities in China, such as the Chinese Muslim population, and to threaten their neighbors and the United States."Why should we continue to let China steal American intellectual property, only for them to turn around and use it to undermine our national security, threaten peaceful neighbors, and oppress their own people?" said Rep. Mark Green."CNN reported China's IP theft has cost U.S. companies 225-600 billion dollars. That is unacceptable. I am glad to introduce this bipartisan bill with Congressman Henry Cuellar.""China is aggressively stealing technology from the United States and foreign militaries to advance and modernize its military," said Rep. Henry Cuellar. "This legislation will take the first step in stopping the theft of U.S. technology by China, and help secure the U.S. global military advantage. For the safety and security of our country, we must end China's ability to use cyber theft and other methods to advance its military power. Congress must act now to thwart these unfair trade practices. I want to thank Congressman Mark Green for working with me on this important legislation."This bill is the House companion version to legislation introduced in the Senate by Senator Josh Hawley."American companies should not be providing support to the oppressive Chinese government or its military. Unfortunately, that is exactly what happens when China forces American companies to give its government access to advanced, dual-use technologies as a precondition for entering the Chinese market," said Sen. Hawley. "This legislation takes important steps to end China's exploitation of sensitive American technology. I'm proud to have Congressman Green's support on this companion legislation in the House of Representatives."Bill Summary:* Formally admonishes China for IP theft and manipulation of lawful transfer and uses of technology in ways that directly support its military objectives and threaten the United States* Places all "core technologies" from China's "Made in China 2025" strategy on the Department of Commerce's Export Control List."Core technologies" include nearly 15 different technologies such as artificial intelligence, robotics, semiconductors, advanced construction equipment and lithium battery manufacturingOnce a technology is placed on the Export Control List, companies must obtain licenses to export that technology to China.* Imposes sanctions on foreign entities and individuals that violate these export controls through transfer of these "core technologies" to China.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6774686 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: June 28, 2019End of Document

REPS. MARK GREEN AND HENRY CUELLAR INTRODUCE BILL TO STOP CHINESE MILITARY'S ACQUISITION OF SENSITIVE AMERICAN TECHNOLOGYStates News ServiceJune 27, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 602 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of Tennessee Rep. Mark Green:Reps. Mark Green (R-TN) and Henry Cuellar (D-TX) introduced today the bipartisan China Technology Transfer Control Act of 2019 in the U.S. House. The bill would stop the Chinese military's acquisition of sensitive American technology and formally admonish China for its predatory trade practices.In recent years, China has aggressively advanced its military capabilities through IP theft and exploitation of loopholes. The Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community have anxiously warned of China's dangerous investments in U.S. firms working on facial-recognition, 3-D printing, virtual reality and autonomous vehicles to build up their warfighting capabilities. They have pushed U.S. companies into "pay-to-play" to operate in their country, requiring that they help their surveillance state and military or not participate in their market at all. Furthermore, they have exploited loopholes in U.S. law to pay to use technology, such as U.S.-owned satellites, for attacking the human rights of minorities in China, such as the Chinese Muslim population, and to threaten their neighbors and the United States."Why should we continue to let China steal American intellectual property, only for them to turn around and use it to undermine our national security, threaten peaceful neighbors, and oppress their own people?" said Rep. Mark Green."CNN reported China's IP theft has cost U.S. companies 225-600 billion dollars. That is unacceptable. I am glad to introduce this bipartisan bill with Congressman Henry Cuellar.""China is aggressively stealing technology from the United States and foreign militaries to advance and modernize its military," said Rep. Henry Cuellar. "This legislation will take the first step in stopping the theft of U.S. technology by China, and help secure the U.S. global military advantage. For the safety and security of our country, we must end China's ability to use cyber theft and other methods to advance its military power. Congress must act now to thwart these unfair trade practices. I want to thank Congressman Mark Green for working with me on this important legislation."This bill is the House companion version to legislation introduced in the Senate by Senator Josh Hawley."American companies should not be providing support to the oppressive Chinese government or its military. Unfortunately, that is exactly what happens when China forces American companies to give its government access to advanced, dual-use technologies as a precondition for entering the Chinese market," said Sen. Hawley. "This legislation takes important steps to end China's exploitation of sensitive American technology. I'm proud to have Congressman Green's support on this companion legislation in the House of Representatives."Bill Summary:Formally admonishes China for IP theft and manipulation of lawful transfer and uses of technology in ways that directly support its military objectives and threaten the United StatesPlaces all "core technologies" from China's "Made in China 2025" strategy on the Department of Commerce's Export Control List."Core technologies" include nearly 15 different technologies such as artificial intelligence, robotics, semiconductors, advanced construction equipment and lithium battery manufacturingOnce a technology is placed on the Export Control List, companies must obtain licenses to export that technology to China.Imposes sanctions on foreign entities and individuals that violate these export controls through transfer of these "core technologies" to China.###Load-Date: June 27, 2019End of Document

GRASSLEY OP-ED: IOWA NOT IMMUNE TO FOREIGN THREATS TO TAXPAYER-FUNDED RESEARCHStates News ServiceJune 3, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1048 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Iowa Senator Charles Grassley:Iowa not immune to foreign threats to taxpayer-funded researchBy: Sen. Chuck Grassley of IowaHow would you feel about your tax dollars being spent on research projects that were targeted by foreign governments in an effort to steal U.S. intellectual property?Taxpayer-funded research has been integral in keeping American medical, defense, information technology and many other products at the forefront of the world's market. Our scientists push the envelope to make crucial discoveries and better products, whether it be vaccines, biotechnology or other types of intellectual property. These projects can produce important breakthroughs for many of our industries, our country and the world.However, American taxpayer-funded research is a constant target for foreign thieves. Though not the only threat, China is by far the most prolific.Last year, as Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I held a hearing on China's non-traditional espionage against the United States. During that hearing, I broached the issue of China's focus on our research institutions and taxpayer-funded research. Since then, more information has come to light about the extent to which the Chinese government is trying to steal U.S. intellectual property.In 2013, Chinese nationals were charged with conspiring to steal research funded by a multi-million dollar National Institutes of Health (NIH) grant for the benefit of a Chinese governmental entity and a direct competitor of the American university where the research was conducted.In an August 20, 2018, letter to NIH grantee institutions, NIH called attention to a series of threats posed by foreign entities to the integrity of U.S. biomedical research. In that letter, NIH warned that foreign actors have "mounted systematic programs to influence NIH researchers and peer reviewers," may have worked to divert intellectual property produced by NIH-supported research to other countries and may have contributed resources to NIH-funded researchers in ways which could impact the integrity of the research.In January of this year, the Health and Human Services Inspector General notified me that NIH recently made 12 referrals to the IG, primarily involving the primary researchers on NIH grants conducting medical research at U.S. universities. Those researchers allegedly failed to meet NIH requirements to disclose foreign affiliations on their grant applications. That's a serious problem.Researchers who are secretly supported by a foreign government while working on U.S. research projects can be more susceptible to influence and control of that foreign government. It's critical that we know who is financially supporting researchers. That way, we can better understand whether they might be more dedicated to securing the interests of a foreign country than to the integrity of American research.This may not seem like an issue Iowans need to care about, but the fact is that foreign agents looking to steal taxpayer-funded research are operating in our own backyard.In 2011, Chinese nationals tried to steal genetically modified corn seeds from an Iowa field with the intent to send them back to China. The New York Times reported that they worked for Chinese technology and seed companies. One was arrested and five others were indicted on charges of stealing trade secrets.Those seeds were the product of years of research and development. The Chinese Government has characterized their efforts as "picking flowers in foreign lands to make honey in China."Whether in Iowa, or in other parts of the country, we must remind ourselves that there is an ongoing threat to taxpayer-funded research that targets American academic institutions, including the University of Iowa. And beyond pure research, the Chinese government in particular has tried other avenues to leverage itself in our society to their benefit and our detriment. Take for instance the Chinese Government's efforts to incorporate itself into our educational system via Confucius Institutes. These Institutes are directly funded by the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and are used as propaganda outlets to influence a pro-China view of the world. The University of Iowa has hosted one on its campus since 2006.In a Senate intelligence committee hearing last year, FBI Director Christopher Wray warned of China's aggressive efforts at U.S. colleges and universities and specifically referenced the activities at Confucius Institutes. Despite concerns, the Dean of International Programs defended the University of Iowa's Confucius Institute, citing that the partnership "allows us to make every dollar go further." Since that time, the Board of Regents voted to close Iowa's Confucius Institute in order to save money the university was contributing toward its operating expenses. However, the university has funds in an endowment from the Chinese government that the institute director has indicated could be used to keep the center open for five more years. The current contract with the Chinese government expires in July.Foreign threats to taxpayer-funded research are real, aggressive and show no signs of slowing down. That's why this week, the Senate Finance Committee, which I chair, will hold a hearing on these threats and what can be done to strengthen the integrity of taxpayer-funded research and preserve the valuable work produced in this country.Over the past several months, I've also sent oversight letters to NIH, HHS, and the HHS IG, as well as the National Science Foundation and the Department of Defense, concerning current and potential threats to taxpayer-funded research. Congress and the executive branch need to work together to determine if the government has the right mix of capabilities and focus to detect these threats, combat them and deter them in order to protect our research and any intellectual property created from it.Truly free collaboration and exchange of information is only possible when data and sources are credible, and the research process can be trusted. That trust is destroyed when foreign governments and other entities interfere in our research for their gain and to the detriment of the United States.Load-Date: July 4, 2019End of Document

US CHARGES 2 CHINESE ENGINEERS WITH STEALING TRADE SECRETSStates News ServiceApril 23, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 279 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the Voice of America (VOA):The Justice Department on Tuesday announced indictments against two Chinese nationals accused of working together to steal trade secrets from General Electric.Xiaoqing Zheng pleaded not guilty Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Albany, New York.Co-defendant Zhaoxi Zhang is believed to be in China.Both are charged with economic espionage and stealing trade secrets. Zheng is also charged with lying to FBI investigators."The indictment alleges a textbook example of the Chinese government's strategy to rob American companies of their intellectual property and to replicate their products in Chinese factories, enabling Chinese companies to replace the American company first in the Chinese market and later worldwide," U.S. Assistant Attorney General John Demers said.He said the United States will not stand by and watch the world's second-largest economy commit "state-sponsored theft."Zheng was an engineer at General Electric's power and water plant in Schenectady, New York.U.S. prosecutors allege he stole multiple electronic files describing designs and engineering of GE gas and steam turbines and emailed them to Zhang. The indictments accuse the pair of using the stolen information to profit from their business interests in two Chinese companies Liaoning Tianyi Aviation Technology and Nanjing Tianyi Avi Tech.Prosecutors say the two defendants knew their activities would benefit the Chinese government.If convicted, Zheng and Zhang could spend 25 years in prison and be fined more than $5 million. Zheng could also face an additional five years and a $250,000 fine for allegedly lying to the FBI.Load-Date: April 24, 2019End of Document

FAMILY WORRIED ETHIOPIAN WOMAN DETAINED IN CHINA FACES DEATH PENALTYStates News ServiceApril 4, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 628 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by the Voice of America (VOA):Salem SolomonFriends and family are fearing for the life of a 28-year-old Ethiopian woman who has spent more than three months in a Chinese prison on drug charges.In December, Nazrawit Abera, a civil engineer, flew from Addis Ababa to Beijing to pursue a job opportunity and learn about home building materials, according to her older sister, Abby Abera.But when she landed at Beijing Capital Airport, officials detained her and inspected her luggage. They found five shampoo bottles filled with cocaine. Chinese police arrested Nazrawit on drug trafficking charges, which carry severe penalties in China.Abby told VOA the bottles did not belong to Nazrawit, and that her sister had agreed to bring them as a favor to Simret Kahsay, a friend from elementary school who had planned to accompany Nazrawit.When Simret's father died shortly before the trip, she asked Nazrawit to bring the bottles on her behalf. She told Nazrawit they contained expensive Brazilian shampoo, according to Abby.Abby said what followed has been a nightmare for the family. They have been unable to speak to Nazrawit and have received scant details from representatives of the Ethiopian consulate, who met with Abby several times."We don't have any information that says she will be released. What we know and what we have heard is whatever happens will be based on Chinese laws," Abby told VOA by phone in Amharic. "So our guess is that, based on Chinese laws, there is a possibility that she could be facing the death penalty. She is getting ready to appear in court. All of the family is counting every single second and is stressed."Under Chinese law, drug smuggling can result in punishments ranging from 15 years in prison to the death penalty.Nazrawit Abera is seen in an undated photo published on her Facebook page.In a March 26 statement in state-owned media, the Ethiopian Foreign Ministry said it was closely monitoring the situation and cautioned the public against jumping to conclusions, saying Nazrawit had not yet been sentenced.Sophie Richardson, the China director at Human Rights Watch, said cases like Nazrawit's can result in dire outcomes. China is one of only a handful of countries, including Iran, Saudi Arabia and Singapore, that executes people for drug crimes."I can tell you that the Chinese government has a particularly low tolerance for anything involving drug trafficking, particularly when it involves foreigners and tends to treat those kinds of cases fairly mercilessly," Richardson said.Richardson recalled an incident in 2009 when a British citizen, Akmal Shaikh, was persuaded by someone in Pakistan to smuggle drugs into China. Despite claims that had a mental illness, Chinese authorities denied him a psychiatric evaluation, convicted him and executed him by lethal injection."The government does not really live up to international standards on fair trial rights and the death penalty," Richardson said. "There are still, I think it is 55 different charges under Chinese laws that can carry the death penalty, and many of those are not violent crimes."Marie Holzman, president of the Paris-based advocacy group Solidarite Chine, said cases involving foreigners can often be politicized and used to extract concessions from foreign governments."The law in China really depends more on what the [Communist] party thinks than what the judges think," Holzman said.Holzman added that there's little transparency when the government implements the death penalty. Estimates on how many people are executed annually range widely, from 1,000 to 10,000, she said."We know they execute a lot. But we don't know the quantities. And that's a state secret that is very, very well kept," she added.Load-Date: April 4, 2019End of Document

RIGHTS GROUP DETAILS HOW CHINA USES A MOBILE APP TO SPY ON UYGHURSStates News ServiceMay 2, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 936 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:By Paul EckertChina is using a mobile app to gather and store data on 13 million ethnic minority Uyghurs and other Turkic Muslims in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (XUAR), Human Rights Watch said in a report published on Thursday.The report, "China's Algorithms of Repression: Reverse Engineering a Xinjiang Police Mass Surveillance App," analyzes how a Chinese-made mobile app helps XUAR authorities conduct "illegal mass surveillance and arbitrary detention of Muslims."The New York-based watchdog group worked for 14 months with German security firm Cure53 to reverse engineer the mobile app that officials use to connect to the Integrated Joint Operations Platform (IJOP), a Xinjiang policing program that flags people deemed potentially threatening."The goal is apparently to identify patterns of, and predict, the everyday life and resistance of its population, and, ultimately, to engineer and control reality," HRW said in the report."The IJOP platform tracks everyone in Xinjiang. It monitors people's movements by tracing their phones, vehicles, and ID cards. It keeps track of people's use of electricity and gas stations," said the report.The government's "Strike Hard Campaign against Violent Terrorism" (Strike Hard Campaign) "has turned Xinjiang into one of China's major centers for using innovative technologies for social control," HRW said."Manyperhaps allof the mass surveillance practices described in this report appear to be contrary to Chinese law. They violate the internationally guaranteed rights to privacy, to be presumed innocent until proven guilty, and to freedom of association and movement," HRW said in a statement."Their impact on other rights, such as freedom of expression and religion, is profound," the group said.36 types of people targeted"Our research shows, for the first time, that Xinjiang police are using illegally gathered information about people's completely lawful behavior and using it against them," said Maya Wang, senior China researcher at HRW."The Chinese government is monitoring every aspect of people's lives in Xinjiang, picking out those it mistrusts, and subjecting them to extra scrutiny."HRW analysis of the app showed that the IJOP police platform targets 36 types of people for data collection.Among those targeted are people who have stopped using smart phones, who use an "abnormal amount of electricity," who do not use their front doors, who fail to "socialize with neighbors," and who "collected money or materials for mosques with enthusiasm."Previous reporting by RFA has revealed that frequent travel abroad, overseas study, and having family members abroad have led to the incarceration of numerous Uyghurs as well as Kazakhs and Kyrgyz, fellow Turkic Muslims."Official documents state that individuals 'who ought to be taken, should be taken, suggesting the goal is to maximize the number of people they find 'untrustworthy' in detention, said the HRW report."Those people are then interrogated without basic protections. They have no right to legal counsel, and some are tortured or otherwise mistreated, for which they have no effective redress," said HRW.HRW says the IJOP is programmed to treat many ordinary and lawful activities as "indicators of suspicious behavior." These include having any one of 51 suspicious internet tools on their phones, including WhatsApp, Viber, Telegram, and Virtual Private Networks (VPNs)."While Xinjiang's systems are particularly intrusive, their basic designs are similar to those the police are planning and implementing throughout China," HRW said.Vast camp systemThe advocacy group called on China to "immediately shut down the IJOP platform and delete all the data that it has collected" and urged foreign governments to impose targeted sanctions against the XUAR Communist Party Secretary, Chen Quanguo, and other senior officials in Xinjiang and to impose export controls to prevent the Chinese government from obtaining such surveillance technologies.Chen is seen as the architect of a program under which some 1.5 million Uyghurs and other Muslim ethnic minorities accused of harboring "strong religious views" and "politically incorrect" ideas who are being held in political "re-education camps" across the Xinjiang XUAR since April 2017.Though Beijing initially denied the existence of re-education camps, Shohrat Zakir, chairman of the XUAR, told China's official Xinhua news agency in October 2018 that the facilities are an effective tool to protect the country from terrorism and provide vocational training for Uyghurs.Reporting by RFA's Uyghur Service and other media organizations, however, has shown that those in the camps are detained against their will and subjected to political indoctrination, routinely face rough treatment at the hands of their overseers, and endure poor diets and unhygienic conditions in the often overcrowded facilities.Adrian Zenz, a lecturer in social research methods at the Germany-based European School of Culture and Theology, earlier this month said that some 1.5 million people are or have been detained in the campsequivalent to just under 1 in 6 members of the adult Muslim population of the XUARafter initially putting the number at 1.1 million.In November 2018, Scott Busby, the deputy assistant secretary in the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor at the U.S. Department of State, said there are "at least 800,000 and possibly up to a couple of million" Uyghurs and others detained at re-education camps in the XUAR without charges, citing U.S. intelligence assessments.Load-Date: May 2, 2019End of Document

FedEx confirms Huawei mail ban as new 'mistake' reignites Chinese ireStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeJune 25, 2019 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: HI TECH; Pg. 1Length: 479 wordsByline: Sandy MccarthyBodyChina's foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said the shipping company should offer an explanation after FedEx released a statement saying an "operational error" was to blame for the package not being shipped to the U.S., Reuters reported.The lawsuit comes after Chinese tech firm Huawei demanded clarification from FedEx after it apologized for failing to ship a branded device destined for the United States.Cryptically, though, the company did point out that "the return to sender label attached to the package in question was not generated by FedEx". Other reports also say that because of the incident, China is now contemplating on putting FedEx on its own blacklist.In the second such "misdelivery" since Huawei was placed on a U.S. government trade blacklist, FedEx confirmed on Sunday that a Huawei package bound for the United States was the subject of an operational error that ended up sending the package back to the shipper. The EAR places a burden on FedEx to know the content and makeup of its shipment to ascertain if they comply with regulations.If you haven't been living under a rock, you would've heard that Huawei is facing a really tough time right now because of the U.S. trade ban.The Huawei ban in the U.S. has many American companies afraid to have anything to do with the Huawei.Barty withdraws from Eastbourne with arm injuryA seven-times grand slam champion, Goolagong Cawley reached No.1 for a fortnight in 1976. However Barty dug deep and found crucial breaks to fight back and level things at 3-3.Misdeliveries of packages is not at all uncommon, but given the intensity of current trade tensions between the United States and China, even an honest mistake of this kind could be interpreted by Chinese officials as a further effort by the United States behind the scenes to harm a major Chinese firm.The Chinese company said it would review its ties to FedEx following the incident.China's Global Times newspaper said in a tweet bit.ly/2ZB6isY later that FedEx is likely to be added to China's "unreliable entities list" due to the incident. State news agency Xinhua previously said the investigation into FedEx misrouting Huawei packages should not be regarded as retaliation.Being in the "crosshairs" of the Chinese government "is a tremendous headwind and risk" for FedEx, Trip Miller, said managing partner at Memphis-based Gullane Capital Partners, which holds a FedEx position valued at roughly $7 million.The United States and China have been engaged in a trade dispute for months on issues such as tariffs, subsidies, technology, regulations and cyber security, among others, with Washington putting Huawei on a blacklist last month citing national security.A telephone call between Trump and Xi last week, as well as confirmation the two will meet in Japan on the sidelines of a Group of 20 summit, have rekindled hopes of a detente.Load-Date: June 26, 2019End of Document

O'HALLERAN JOINS BIPARTISAN GROUP TO INTRODUCE LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY THREATSStates News ServiceMay 21, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1062 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of Arizona Rep. Tom O'Halleran:U.S. Representative Tom O'Halleran (AZ-01) today joined a bipartisan group of lawmakers to introduce legislation to protect next-generation telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in the United States. O'Halleran introduced the legislation alongside U.S. Representatives Abigail Spanberger (D-VA-07), Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations. To combat the potential cyber threats associated with a Huawei 5G monopoly, the report recommends that non-Chinese companies invest in 5G research and developmentand it calls on U.S. and European companies to reconsider the integration of Huawei technology into their 5G infrastructure.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. The strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains access for all Americans."The next generation of telecommunication systems is going to revolutionize our economy, and it is important that every corner of our country has access to the latest technology, especially rural America," said O'Halleran. "With the rapid expansion of new technological infrastructure, it is critical that these systems be secure and the privacy of Americans be protected. I am proud to join my colleagues today to introduce this important bill to address the risks associated with the deployment of new technology and ensure we remain a world leader in technology.""The United States has long been responsible for the groundbreaking achievements of the digital age. However, the growing prominence of 5G telecommunications systems in China and abroad, particularly through Huawei, should concern all Americans," said Spanberger. "To protect our national security and maintain our economic strength, we must build a nationwide gameplan to strengthen our mobile networks and protect the privacy of American families. Today, I'm proud to lead the introduction of a bipartisan bill to require a smart strategy, because safeguarding Americans' access to the next generation of telecommunications should never be a partisan issue. As we work to achieve faster internet speeds and wider connectivity, our legislation would make sure we have a plan to deliver innovative technology to U.S. consumers, compete with China, and prevent foreign influence in 5G networks.""The next generation of mobile telecommunications, 5G, holds tremendous potential to revolutionize the way we communicate and work with one another. As the co-founder and co-chair of the 5G Caucus, I understand how important it is for our laws to support this kind of innovation. But with such innovation and technological advancements, the federal government must ensure our national security by protecting Hoosiers and Americans across the country from potential cyber threats," said Brooks. "The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is a bipartisan bill working to protect next-generation telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in the United States from dangerous foreign actors while continuing to allow the internet to transform the way we live for the better.""The United States needs to be proactive in preventing any vulnerabilities that could be exploited by our adversaries. In our increasingly interconnected world, that means protecting our telecommunications and infrastructure, and those of our allies, from malign foreign interference," said Rooney. "I am proud to cosponsor the Secure 5G and Beyond Act to ensure the safety, security, and freedom of the United States and to safeguard our technology infrastructure.""Our economic competitiveness and our national security depend on a clear-eyed approach to China's influence in the 5G space," said Slotkin. "I'm proud to support this bipartisan bill that requires an inter-agency strategy to mitigate this threat, protect U.S. companies and consumers, and prevent foreign influence in future telecommunications systems.""Ensuring the United States remains a leading global competitor in both the economy and technology is critical to the future of our nation," said Stefanik. "This bipartisan legislation requires the President to implement a strategy to secure 5G telecommunications systems and infrastructure in our country and maximize the security of these systems. I'm proud to co-lead this effort to protect the competitiveness of American companies, as well as the privacy and security of American consumers."Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States;Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries; andProtect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).Click here to read the full bill text.BACKGROUNDThe 2018 report from the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence warned that integration of Huawei as a 5G provider could create long-term negative consequences.Currently, the Chinese government's Made in China 2025 plan calls 5G a "strategic emerging industry." Already, Chinese tech companies own 36 percent of all 5G standard-essential patents, whereas U.S.-based companies only possess 14 percent of critical 5G patents. Earlier this year, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford called the potential risks of a Chinese-built 5G network "a critical national security issue" for the United States.###Load-Date: May 22, 2019End of Document

USA Launches Alert for Possibility of Chinese Drones Spying for BeijingCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 21, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 417 wordsBody The US government issued a warning on Monday on the possibility that some drones manufactured by Chinese companies are collecting sensitive information to send to the Chinese government, US authorities said. and local media.  The warning was sent internally to several companies by the Agency for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure (CISA, in English) and confirmed to Efe by an official spokesperson.  "CISA recently issued an alert about the industry that provides organizations with information related to the inherent risks associated with the use of unmanned aerial vehicles (drones) manufactured in China and measures to reduce this risk," a spokesperson for the agency told Efe. of cybersecurity, which requested anonymity.  For the CISA these drones constitute a "potential risk to the information of an organization" and "contain components that can compromise their data," said the CNN news network, which has had access to the text of the alert.  In addition, unmanned aircraft of Chinese origin could share the data they collect on a server that would have access to more subjects, apart from the manufacturer of the drones themselves, according to the document.  This new alert comes in the midst of the US trade war. and China, which has intensified in recent weeks and has put Huawei's products as the protagonists of its latest chapter, following Google's decision to stop providing services such as the Android operating system to the Chinese telecommunications giant.  Last week, US President Donald Trump signed a national emergency to ban US companies. negotiate with companies like Huawei, which supposedly try to spy on the country and use the telecommunications equipment they manufacture.  Although the CISA alert does not mention any particular manufacturer, several market studies, cited by CNN, claim that 80% of drones used in the US and Canada are from the Chinese company DJI, the largest drone manufacturer in the world.  "The exchange of information is a key part of the mission of the CISA as a risk assessor for the nation," the spokesperson of this agency told Efe.  US suspicions about the ability of DJI's devices to collect and send sensitive information to the Chinese authorities go back to 2017, when in a similar document from the Government of Washington he said he had "moderate confidence" that such drones were "providing data on infrastructure criticism and security issues. "  Also in 2017 the US Army banned the use of DJI drones, citing the same reason. Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

China seeks to reassure Europe at Croatia summitAssociated Press InternationalApril 12, 2019 Friday 12:43 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 472 wordsByline: SABINA NIKSIC, Associated PressDateline: DUBROVNIK, Croatia BodyDUBROVNIK, Croatia (AP) - China's prime minister promised Friday that his government will respect European standards and fair trade, seeking to allay concerns that it is flouting European Union competition rules with huge investments on the continent.Opening an annual summit between Eastern and Central European nations and China, Li Keqiang said "we intend to fully respect European standards."The Chinese government has also been criticized for failing to give reciprocal access for European companies to Chinese markets."We welcome openness and we want to treat all companies that operate in China equally and to increase imports from the (European) countries," he said through an interpreter. "China is open to the world...we welcome the two-way openness."Li arrived in Croatia after an EU-China meeting in Brussels earlier this week where EU officials demanded more balanced economic ties with a country they recently labelled a "systemic rival."EU member Croatia is hosting a two-day summit between China and 16 regional countries on expanding business, dubbed 16+1.Several Eastern European countries are part of China's ambitious "Belt and Road" investment and construction project that aims to create a gateway to western European markets. The project includes upgrading infrastructure to create a network of transport and trade links between Asia and Europe.Beijing has created a $3-billion fund and announced a $10-billion credit line for the 16 countries in the region.Critics of the project worry about Chinese-led investments flouting EU competition rules and that Eastern European countries might borrow too much from Chinese banks, creating a dependency. There are also concerns about the quality of construction, environmental safeguards and the risk of Chinese-supplied internet networks being exposed to cyberespionage.At the start of the plenary meeting, Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said that over a relatively short time, the initiative "has resulted in the establishment of new ties and projects" also becoming a platform for "intense and substantial political dialogue" between the participating states.He also announced that Greece will join the coalition. The vision is to have the Chinese-controlled Greek port of Piraeus become an entry point for Chinese goods to Europe by linking it to railroads and highways that are also part of China's investments.Addressing the session in Dubrovnik, Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras described the decision to join the Chinese initiative as "a very crucial moment for global and regional developments.""We have to leave behind the crisis and find new models of regional and global cooperation," he said, adding that it must be done with "full respect" of the EU rules, Tsipras said.___Dusan Stojanovic in Belgrade, Serbia, contributed to this report.Load-Date: April 13, 2019End of Document

China seeks to reassure Europe at Croatia summitAssociated Press Financial WireApril 12, 2019 Friday 12:45 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 472 wordsByline: SABINA NIKSIC, Associated PressDateline: DUBROVNIK, Croatia BodyDUBROVNIK, Croatia (AP) - China's prime minister promised Friday that his government will respect European standards and fair trade, seeking to allay concerns that it is flouting European Union competition rules with huge investments on the continent.Opening an annual summit between Eastern and Central European nations and China, Li Keqiang said "we intend to fully respect European standards."The Chinese government has also been criticized for failing to give reciprocal access for European companies to Chinese markets."We welcome openness and we want to treat all companies that operate in China equally and to increase imports from the (European) countries," he said through an interpreter. "China is open to the world...we welcome the two-way openness."Li arrived in Croatia after an EU-China meeting in Brussels earlier this week where EU officials demanded more balanced economic ties with a country they recently labelled a "systemic rival."EU member Croatia is hosting a two-day summit between China and 16 regional countries on expanding business, dubbed 16+1.Several Eastern European countries are part of China's ambitious "Belt and Road" investment and construction project that aims to create a gateway to western European markets. The project includes upgrading infrastructure to create a network of transport and trade links between Asia and Europe.Beijing has created a $3-billion fund and announced a $10-billion credit line for the 16 countries in the region.Critics of the project worry about Chinese-led investments flouting EU competition rules and that Eastern European countries might borrow too much from Chinese banks, creating a dependency. There are also concerns about the quality of construction, environmental safeguards and the risk of Chinese-supplied internet networks being exposed to cyberespionage.At the start of the plenary meeting, Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said that over a relatively short time, the initiative "has resulted in the establishment of new ties and projects" also becoming a platform for "intense and substantial political dialogue" between the participating states.He also announced that Greece will join the coalition. The vision is to have the Chinese-controlled Greek port of Piraeus become an entry point for Chinese goods to Europe by linking it to railroads and highways that are also part of China's investments.Addressing the session in Dubrovnik, Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras described the decision to join the Chinese initiative as "a very crucial moment for global and regional developments.""We have to leave behind the crisis and find new models of regional and global cooperation," he said, adding that it must be done with "full respect" of the EU rules, Tsipras said.___Dusan Stojanovic in Belgrade, Serbia, contributed to this report.Load-Date: April 13, 2019End of Document

'I'm not backing down this time': Chinese dissident artist Badiucao reveals his identityCNN.comJune 3, 2019 Monday 8:38 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: ARTSLength: 875 wordsByline: James Griffiths, CNNDateline: Hong Kong BodyFor years, Chinese artist Badiucao has operated anonymously, wearing a mask whenever he appears in public. But now, on the 30th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown, he has revealed his face for the very first time.Badiucao's name is a pseudonym adopted years ago, when he began posting caustic political cartoons lampooning the Chinese Communist Party online. He was quickly banned from Chinese social media and forced to operate outside the Great Firewall, China's vast online censorship apparatus.In 2009, Badiucao moved to Australia, where he has since become a citizen, renouncing his Chinese passport. But even then, he did not reveal his identity. Like the UK-based graffiti artist Banksy, he operated in the shadows, carrying out most of his work online or on the streets, and only appearing at exhibitions in heavy disguise.During the filming of a documentary about his work -- which aired Tuesday night on Australian television -- Badiucao and director Danny Ben-Moshe initially went to extreme measures to maintain this secrecy. At home in Melbourne and during a year working with world famous Chinese artist Ai Weiwei in Berlin, Ben-Moshe filmed Badiucao from behind, or in disguise, taking care to avoid anything that could be used by the Chinese authorities to identify him."Most of the shots were of my back, avoiding showing the shape of my body," Badiucao told CNN in a phone interview. "We were also aware of showing my fingerprints or the shape of my ear. AI technology has evolved so much that I was worried even a bit of my body could compromise my identity."As he reached the end of the process however, Badiucao realized that his hard fought anonymity no longer offered the protection it once did. In November last year, he was forced to pull out of a Hong Kong show at the last minute, amid concerns for his safety."My identity had been compromised," he said. "The choice is clear: I either disappear or I step out and confront (the Chinese government) face-to-face."The documentary shows Badiucao receiving news that members of his family in China had been contacted by the country's authorities. He wrestles with the decision to cancel his Hong Kong exhibition, with organizers, including Hong Kong Free Press and Reporters Without Borders, eventually taking the decision out of Badiucao's hands, fearing for the safety of his family and show attendees.In one of the last shots of the film, the camera pans out to show Badiucao unmasked. His hair is cropped short, and he wears round glasses and a goatee."They know me now, this is me," he says, as the camera zooms in on his face before fading to black.Speaking to CNN about his decision to show himself, Badiucao said he didn't think continued silence "would bring me any protection or peace.""This is my new reality," he added.New realityThe documentary, "China's Artful Dissident," aired on June 4, the 30th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre, in which hundreds of pro-democracy protesters were killed by soldiers of the People's Liberation Army.June 4 is always one of the most sensitive times in the Chinese calendar, as the authorities seek to suppress any commemoration of the crackdown.Badiucao has always made Tiananmen a key part of his work, staging recreations of the iconic "Tank Man" photo in Australian cities, and producing numerous artworks around the topic.Now he has tied the date indelibly to his identity."I want to choose the brave way," Badiucao said. "We need dumb people to step out and see if the world is still hopeful. I'm willing to be that dumb person."What remains to be seen is how the Chinese authorities react to the revelation. Badiucao's parents also live in Australia, and he is not in touch with other family members still in China.He hopes that, by publicly revealing his identity, he can reduce pressure on people no longer in any position to influence him. A public profile may also help protect him against any future retaliation, he said."Because I will be monitored by media and human rights NGOs, in that way I will be safer," he said. "In that case, I don't think being public is a bad thing."The artist is, however, concerned that he may become a target for what he described as "ultranationalists" in China, who may seen his actions as a challenge to Beijing.Moving forwardWhatever the reaction, Badiucao's decision is now made, and his face has been broadcast worldwide.While the circumstances around the decision have been uncomfortable and stressful, the artist expressed a sense of relief about going public. Following the cancellation of his Hong Kong show, he went quiet for almost six months, worrying in private about what to do."Showing my face (is) definitely a release for me," he said. "I don't need to live a double identity life anymore, it also removes barriers (in) my social life, and makes it easier to develop my career as an artist."One thing he won't be changing is his name. Badiucao -- or Badi for short -- has gotten so used to the moniker, once adopted as a deliberate nonsense term to hide his identity, that it feels more familiar than the one he was given by his parents."I have been Badiucao for at least six years," he said. "I'm not used to being referred to by my real name."Load-Date: June 5, 2019End of Document

Trump reportedly may blacklist Chinese surveillance giant Hikvision, indicating the trade war is shifting from sweeping tariffs to direct attacks. That has traders nervous.Business Insider USMay 22, 2019 Wednesday 06:05 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 593 wordsByline: tmohamed@businessinsider.com,  (Theron Mohamed)Highlight: Reports that President Donald Trump may ban exports to Hikvision, on the heels of the Huawei drama, suggest the US-China trade war is evolving.BodyAP/Saul Loeb• "Sentiment remains fragile as investors digest the changing face of the trade dispute from broad sweeping tariffs to direct action against single Chinese companies," one analyst says.• View Markets Insider's homepage for more stories.Traders are bracing for the Trump administration to expand its blacklist of Chinese technology champions, raising the prospect of further escalation of the US-China trade war.The White House is considering a ban on exports of US components to Hikvision, which would cut off the flow of American technology to the Chinese video-surveillance giant, according to The New York Times. As with the recent restrictions on the Chinese telecom titan Huawei, American companies would require a license from the Commerce Department to trade with Hikvision."It's not looking too great overall, and we continue to witness Washington push hard in one direction and then beat a tactical retreat to test its opponents," said Neil Wilson, the chief market analyst for Markets.com.The Trump administration has targeted Chinese technology companies over national security concerns given their close relationship with the Chinese government and laws requiring them to share information if requested."Traders are waiting for the next chapter in the unfolding trade drama," said Jasper Lawler, the head of research at London Capital Group. "Sentiment remains fragile as investors digest the changing face of the trade dispute from broad sweeping tariffs to direct action against single Chinese companies."The Chinese firms' connections to consumers and US companies, however, makes cutting them off a challenge. The White House has already relaxed its ban on Huawei, allowing it to purchase US goods to support existing devices and equipment for three months.Trump sanctioned Huawei after he accused China of sabotaging a prospective trade deal,            hiked tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods, and began preparations to            expand tariffs to effectively all Chinese products imported by the US. China has retaliated by announcing            tariff increases on $60 billion worth of US goods, and Hikvision's addition to America's blacklist could spark further reaction.Here's the market roundup as of 11:01 a.m. (6:01 a.m. ET):• European equities rose in morning trading, with Britain's FTSE 100 up 0.5%, Germany's DAX up 0.3%, and the Euro Stoxx 50 up 0.2%,• Asian markets were mixed, with the Shanghai Composite and the SZSE Component down 0.5%, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng was up 0.2%.• US stocks were poised for a mixed open. Futures underlying the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500 were almost flat, while Nasdaq futures were down 0.2%.• The dollar climbed to a two-week high ahead of the release of minutes from the Federal Reserve's monetary-policy from meeting earlier this month. The minutes could signal a less cautious stance from the policymakers.A bonus just for you: Click here to claim 30 days of access to Business Insider PRIMENOW WATCH: This video shows the moment Sarah Sanders lied to a room full of reporters about FBI agents telling her they were happy Trump fired ComeySee Also:• More than 7,000 stores are closing in 2019 as the retail apocalypse drags on - here's the full list• JPMorgan's quant guru breaks down the market's ace in the hole for fighting Trump's trade war - and explains why stocks could surge 12%• Auto stocks pop on news that Trump may delay tariffs by up to 6 monthsSEE ALSO: Trump's China tariffs could slam American shoppers with an extra $800 in costs a yearLoad-Date: May 22, 2019End of Document

Global and China $578 Bn Integrated Circuit Industries Markets, 2014-2018 & 2019-2023PR NewswireJune 5, 2019 Wednesday 3:45 PM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1700 wordsDateline: DUBLIN, June 5, 2019 BodyPR NewswireThe"Research Report on Global and China's Integrated Circuit Industries, 2019 to 2023"report has been added toResearchAndMarkets.com'soffering.In 2018, the revenue of the global integrated circuit industry totaled about USD 480 billion, representing a CAGR of less than 10% from 2014 to 2018; the revenue of China's integrated circuit industry was about USD 98.70 billion, representing a CAGR of about 25% from 2014 to 2018.In China, the revenue from integrated circuit designing was about USD 38.07 billion, accounting for 38.60% of the revenue of the integrated circuit industry; the revenue from integrated circuit manufacturing was about USD 27.48 billion, accounting for about 27.80%; the revenue from integrated circuit packaging and testing was about USD 33.15 billion, accounting for 33.60%.Since China joined the WTO, its integrated circuit industry has been developing. However, because of outdated technologies and insufficient talents, China's integrated circuit manufacturing lags behind the international advanced level for one to two generations; integrated circuit designing contains low technological content and is monotonous; integrated circuit packaging and testing have a gap with the international mainstream level. Therefore, China relies heavily on the imports of high-end integrated circuits.In 2018, the import volume of integrated circuits in China was 417.60 billion units, increasing by 10.80% YOY; the import value was USD 312.06 billion, increasing by about 20% YOY; the export volume was 217.10 billion units, increasing by 6.20% YOY; the export value was USD 84,636 million, increasing by 26.60% YOY. China's trade deficit in integrated circuits reached USD 227.40 billion in 2018 and is still growing. China has become an important market for global chip enterprises. In 2018, Chinese enterprises contributed more than half to the sales revenue of major U.S. chip enterprises such as Qualcomm, Broadcom, Micron and Marvell.According to the author, the growth of China's integrated circuit market in recent years is mainly driven by automotive electronics, industrial automation, Internet of Things (IoT), communication equipment, etc. Global personal computer production is declining while smartphone production still has space for further expansion. The development of cloud computing, IoT, big data, 5G, and other relevant industries boost the demand for integrated circuits. China is the world's largest foundry, automobile producer and consumer and electronics manufacturing base. It is expected that for a long time in the future, China will remain the world's largest integrated circuit consumer, and the market size of integrated circuits in China will continue to grow.In 2018, the production volume of automobiles in China decreased to 27.81 million units by 4.20% YOY while that of new energy vehicles (electric vehicles) increased to 1.27 million units by about 60% YOY. A new energy vehicle has a far greater demand for integrated circuits than a fuel vehicle. With the rapidly expanding production of new energy vehicles, the automotive industry has become a major driving force for the growth of China's integrated circuit market. In 2018, the production volumes of smartphones and personal computers in China reached more than 1.30 billion units and about 300 million units respectively, both ranking the first in the world.As labor costs keep rising in recent years, it is indispensable for China to enhance automation in manufacturing. The growing demand for industrial automation equipment such as CNC machine tools and industrial robots increases the demand for integrated circuits.In the context of wider IT applications and booming IoT, China has an increasing demand for smart cities, smart logistics and industrial monitoring. According to the author, the market size of IoT in China exceeded CNY 1 trillion in 2018, which means that the demand for integrated circuits on China's IoT market is also rising rapidly.China lags behind in integrated circuit technologies, China's integrated circuit industry and its downstream industries will face huge risks such as production suspension in the Sino-U.S. trade war and other international trade disputes or sanctions. Theoretically, the localization of integrated circuits may take 10 to 20 years with an investment of over USD 200 billion.Actually, it cannot be achieved within 20 years in lack of funds, advanced technologies, and talents. It is expected that in the next few years, some Chinese integrated circuit enterprises will improve technologies and production capacity by importing advanced technologies and equipment, introducing high-end talents and even merging with or acquiring overseas integrated circuit enterprises. For global integrated circuit enterprises, the Chinese market is full of investment enterprises.Topics covered:Status of global integrated circuit industry Chinese government's supportive policies on the integrated circuit industry Supply of integrated circuits Market demand for integrated circuits Major integrated circuit enterprises in China Analysis of import and export of integrated circuits in China Threats and challenges to the integrated circuit industry Prospect of the integrated circuit industry from 2019 to 2023 Impact of the Sino-U.S. trade war on the integrated circuit industryKey Topics Covered:1 Overview of the Integrated Circuit Industry1.1 Definition and Classification1.2 Methodology1.3 Overview of Global Integrated Circuit Industry2 Development Environment for Global and China's Integrated Circuit Industries, 2019-20232.1 Macro Economy2.1.1 Global Economy2.1.2 China's Economy2.2 Industrial Policies2.2.1 Overview of Industrial Policies2.2.2 Key Policies2.3 International Trade2.4 Impact of the Sino-U.S. Trade War on the Integrated Circuit Industry3 Analysison China's Integrated Circuit Industry, 2014-20183.1 Supply3.1.1 Total Supply3.1.2 Supply Structure3.2 Demand3.2.1 Total Demand3.2.2 Demand Structure3.3 Analysis on Subsectors3.3.1 Integrated Circuit Designing3.3.2 Chip Manufacturing3.3.3 Packaging and Testing4 Competition in China's Integrated Circuit Industry, 2018-20194.1 Barriers to Entry4.1.1 Policy Barrier4.1.2 Technical Barrier4.1.3 Fund Barrier4.1.4 Sales Channel Barrier4.2 Competitive Structure of China's Integrated Circuit Industry4.3 Competition in Subsectors of China's Integrated Circuit Industry4.3.1 Integrated Circuit Designing4.3.2 Chip Manufacturing4.3.3 Packaging and Testing5 Analysison Industry Chain of Integrated Circuits in China, 2018-20195.1 Introduction to the Industry Chain5.1.1 Structure of the Industry Chain5.1.2 Features of the Industry Chain5.2 Upstream of China's Integrated Circuit Industry5.2.1 Raw Materials5.2.2 Equipment Manufacturing5.3 Downstream of China's Integrated Circuit Industry5.3.1 Overview5.3.2 Automobiles5.3.3 Electronics Manufacturing5.3.4 Industrial Automation5.3.5 Internet and Communications5.3.6 Others6 Major Integrated Circuit Enterprises in China, 2018-20196.1 Major Integrated Circuit Designing Enterprises6.1.1 HiSilicon Technologies Co., Ltd.6.1.2 Unisoc Technologies Inc.6.1.3 Sanechips Technology Co., Ltd.6.1.4 Huada Semiconductor Co., Ltd.6.1.5 Beijing Smartchip Microelectronics Technology Company Limited6.1.6 Shenzhen Goodix Technology Co., Ltd.6.1.7 Hangzhou Silan Microelectronics Co., Ltd.6.1.8 Duntai Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.6.1.9 GalaxyCore Shanghai Limited6.1.10 Vimicro Corporation6.2 Major Integrated Circuit Manufacturers6.2.1 Samsung (China) Semiconductor Co., Ltd.6.2.2 Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation6.2.3 SK Hynix Semiconductor (China) Ltd.6.2.4 Intel Semiconductor (Dalian) Ltd.6.2.5 Shanghai Huahong (Group) Co., Ltd.6.2.6 China Resources Microelectronics Limited6.2.7 TSMC China Company Limited6.2.8 Xi'an Microelectronics Technology Institute6.2.9 Wuhan Xinxin Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd.6.2.10 Hejian Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.6.3 Major Integrated Circuit Packaging and Testing Enterprises6.3.1 Jiangsu Xinchao Technology Group Co., Ltd.6.3.2 Nantong Huada Microelectronics Group Co., Ltd.6.3.3 Tianshui Huatian Electronics Group Co., Ltd.6.3.4 RF Micro Devices (Beijing) Co., Ltd.6.3.5 NXP Semiconductors6.3.6 Intel Products (Chengdu) Ltd.6.3.7 Amkor Assembly & Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.6.3.8 Hitech Semiconductor (Wuxi) Co., Ltd.6.3.9 Diodes Shanghai Co., Ltd.6.3.10 SanDisk Semiconductor (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.7 Analysison Import and Export of Integrated Circuits in China, 2014-20237.1 Import of Integrated Circuits7.1.1 Overview of China's Integrated Circuit Imports7.1.2 Structure of China's Integrated Circuit Imports7.1.3 Major Sources of China's Integrated Circuit Imports7.2 Export of Integrated Circuits7.2.1 Overview of China's Integrated Circuit Exports7.2.2 Structure of China's Integrated Circuit Exports7.2.3 Major Destinations for China's Integrated Circuit Exports7.3 Prospect of Import and Export of Integrated Circuits in China, 2019-20138 Prospect of Global and China's Integrated Circuit Industries, 2019-20238.1 Factors Influencing the Development of the Integrated Circuit Industry8.1.1 Driving Forces and Market Opportunities8.1.2 Threats and Challenges8.2 Forecast on Supply of Integrated Circuits on Global and Chinese Markets, 2019-20238.2.1 Forecast on Production Volume of Integrated Circuits8.2.2 Forecast on International Trade of Integrated Circuits8.3 Forecast on Demand for Integrated Circuits on Global and Chinese Markets, 2019-20238.3.1 Forecast on Overall Demand8.3.2 Forecast on Demand by Market SegmentFor more information about this report visithttps://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/2iw48oResearch and Markets also offersCustom Researchservices providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.Media Contact:Laura Wood, Senior Managerpress@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-and-china-578-bn-integrated-circuit-industries-markets-2014-2018--2019-2023-300862541.htmlSOURCE Research and MarketsLoad-Date: June 6, 2019End of Document

Global and China Integrated Circuit Industries Report 2019-2023: Impact of the Sino-U.S. Trade War on the Integrated Circuit IndustryGlobeNewswireJune 5, 2019 Wednesday 4:04 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1648 wordsBodyDublin, June  05, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The     "Research Report on Global and China's Integrated Circuit Industries, 2019 to 2023"   report has been added to     ResearchAndMarkets.com's  offering.        In 2018, the revenue of the global integrated circuit industry totaled about USD 480 billion, representing a CAGR of less than 10% from 2014 to 2018; the revenue of China's integrated circuit industry was about USD 98.70 billion, representing a CAGR of about 25% from 2014 to 2018. In China, the revenue from integrated circuit designing was about USD 38.07 billion, accounting for 38.60% of the revenue of the integrated circuit industry; the revenue from integrated circuit manufacturing was about USD 27.48 billion, accounting for about 27.80%; the revenue from integrated circuit packaging and testing was about USD 33.15 billion, accounting for 33.60%. Since China joined the WTO, its integrated circuit industry has been developing. However, because of outdated technologies and insufficient talents, China's integrated circuit manufacturing lags behind the international advanced level for one to two generations; integrated circuit designing contains low technological content and is monotonous; integrated circuit packaging and testing have a gap with the international mainstream level. Therefore, China relies heavily on the imports of high-end integrated circuits. In 2018, the import volume of integrated circuits in China was 417.60 billion units, increasing by 10.80% YOY; the import value was USD 312.06 billion, increasing by about 20% YOY; the export volume was 217.10 billion units, increasing by 6.20% YOY; the export value was USD 84,636 million, increasing by 26.60% YOY. China's trade deficit in integrated circuits reached USD 227.40 billion in 2018 and is still growing. China has become an important market for global chip enterprises. In 2018, Chinese enterprises contributed more than half to the sales revenue of major U.S. chip enterprises such as Qualcomm, Broadcom, Micron and Marvell.According to the author, the growth of China's integrated circuit market in recent years is mainly driven by automotive electronics, industrial automation, Internet of Things (IoT), communication equipment, etc. Global personal computer production is declining while smartphone production still has space for further expansion. The development of cloud computing, IoT, big data, 5G, and other relevant industries boost the demand for integrated circuits. China is the world's largest foundry, automobile producer and consumer and electronics manufacturing base. It is expected that for a long time in the future, China will remain the world's largest integrated circuit consumer, and the market size of integrated circuits in China will continue to grow. In 2018, the production volume of automobiles in China decreased to 27.81 million units by 4.20% YOY while that of new energy vehicles (electric vehicles) increased to 1.27 million units by about 60% YOY. A new energy vehicle has a far greater demand for integrated circuits than a fuel vehicle. With the rapidly expanding production of new energy vehicles, the automotive industry has become a major driving force for the growth of China's integrated circuit market. In 2018, the production volumes of smartphones and personal computers in China reached more than 1.30 billion units and about 300 million units respectively, both ranking the first in the world. As labor costs keep rising in recent years, it is indispensable for China to enhance automation in manufacturing. The growing demand for industrial automation equipment such as CNC machine tools and industrial robots increases the demand for integrated circuits. In the context of wider IT applications and booming IoT, China has an increasing demand for smart cities, smart logistics and industrial monitoring. According to the author, the market size of IoT in China exceeded CNY 1 trillion in 2018, which means that the demand for integrated circuits on China's IoT market is also rising rapidly. China lags behind in integrated circuit technologies, China's integrated circuit industry and its downstream industries will face huge risks such as production suspension in the Sino-U.S. trade war and other international trade disputes or sanctions. Theoretically, the localization of integrated circuits may take 10 to 20 years with an investment of over USD 200 billion. Actually, it cannot be achieved within 20 years in lack of funds, advanced technologies, and talents. It is expected that in the next few years, some Chinese integrated circuit enterprises will improve technologies and production capacity by importing advanced technologies and equipment, introducing high-end talents and even merging with or acquiring overseas integrated circuit enterprises. For global integrated circuit enterprises, the Chinese market is full of investment enterprises.Topics covered:• Status of global integrated circuit industry• Chinese government's supportive policies on the integrated circuit industry• Supply of integrated circuits• Market demand for integrated circuits• Major integrated circuit enterprises in China• Analysis of import and export of integrated circuits in China• Threats and challenges to the integrated circuit industry• Prospect of the integrated circuit industry from 2019 to 2023• Impact of the Sino-U.S. trade war on the integrated circuit industryKey Topics Covered:          1 Overview of the Integrated Circuit Industry1.1 Definition and Classification1.2 Methodology1.3 Overview of Global Integrated Circuit Industry2 Development Environment for Global and China's Integrated Circuit Industries, 2019-20232.1 Macro Economy2.1.1 Global Economy2.1.2 China's Economy2.2 Industrial Policies2.2.1 Overview of Industrial Policies2.2.2 Key Policies2.3 International Trade2.4 Impact of the Sino-U.S. Trade War on the Integrated Circuit Industry3 Analysis on China's Integrated Circuit Industry, 2014-20183.1 Supply3.1.1 Total Supply3.1.2 Supply Structure3.2 Demand3.2.1 Total Demand3.2.2 Demand Structure3.3 Analysis on Subsectors3.3.1 Integrated Circuit Designing3.3.2 Chip Manufacturing3.3.3 Packaging and Testing4 Competition in China's Integrated Circuit Industry, 2018-20194.1 Barriers to Entry4.1.1 Policy Barrier4.1.2 Technical Barrier4.1.3 Fund Barrier4.1.4 Sales Channel Barrier4.2 Competitive Structure of China's Integrated Circuit Industry4.3 Competition in Subsectors of China's Integrated Circuit Industry4.3.1 Integrated Circuit Designing4.3.2 Chip Manufacturing4.3.3 Packaging and Testing5 Analysis on Industry Chain of Integrated Circuits in China, 2018-20195.1 Introduction to the Industry Chain5.1.1 Structure of the Industry Chain5.1.2 Features of the Industry Chain5.2 Upstream of China's Integrated Circuit Industry5.2.1 Raw Materials5.2.2 Equipment Manufacturing5.3 Downstream of China's Integrated Circuit Industry5.3.1 Overview5.3.2 Automobiles5.3.3 Electronics Manufacturing5.3.4 Industrial Automation5.3.5 Internet and Communications5.3.6 Others6 Major Integrated Circuit Enterprises in China, 2018-20196.1 Major Integrated Circuit Designing Enterprises6.1.1 HiSilicon Technologies Co., Ltd. 6.1.2 Unisoc Technologies Inc. 6.1.3 Sanechips Technology Co., Ltd. 6.1.4 Huada Semiconductor Co., Ltd. 6.1.5 Beijing Smartchip Microelectronics Technology Company Limited6.1.6 Shenzhen Goodix Technology Co., Ltd. 6.1.7 Hangzhou Silan Microelectronics Co., Ltd. 6.1.8 Duntai Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 6.1.9 GalaxyCore Shanghai Limited6.1.10 Vimicro Corporation6.2 Major Integrated Circuit Manufacturers6.2.1 Samsung (China) Semiconductor Co., Ltd. 6.2.2 Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation6.2.3 SK Hynix Semiconductor (China) Ltd. 6.2.4 Intel Semiconductor (Dalian) Ltd. 6.2.5 Shanghai Huahong (Group) Co., Ltd. 6.2.6 China Resources Microelectronics Limited6.2.7 TSMC China Company Limited6.2.8 Xi'an Microelectronics Technology Institute 6.2.9 Wuhan Xinxin Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd. 6.2.10 Hejian Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. 6.3 Major Integrated Circuit Packaging and Testing Enterprises6.3.1 Jiangsu Xinchao Technology Group Co., Ltd. 6.3.2 Nantong Huada Microelectronics Group Co., Ltd. 6.3.3 Tianshui Huatian Electronics Group Co., Ltd. 6.3.4 RF Micro Devices (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 6.3.5 NXP Semiconductors6.3.6 Intel Products (Chengdu) Ltd. 6.3.7 Amkor Assembly & Test (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 6.3.8 Hitech Semiconductor (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. 6.3.9 Diodes Shanghai Co., Ltd. 6.3.10 SanDisk Semiconductor (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 7 Analysis on Import and Export of Integrated Circuits in China, 2014-20237.1 Import of Integrated Circuits7.1.1 Overview of China's Integrated Circuit Imports7.1.2 Structure of China's Integrated Circuit Imports7.1.3 Major Sources of China's Integrated Circuit Imports7.2 Export of Integrated Circuits7.2.1 Overview of China's Integrated Circuit Exports7.2.2 Structure of China's Integrated Circuit Exports7.2.3 Major Destinations for China's Integrated Circuit Exports7.3 Prospect of Import and Export of Integrated Circuits in China, 2019-20138 Prospect of Global and China's Integrated Circuit Industries, 2019-20238.1 Factors Influencing the Development of the Integrated Circuit Industry8.1.1 Driving Forces and Market Opportunities8.1.2 Threats and Challenges8.2 Forecast on Supply of Integrated Circuits on Global and Chinese Markets, 2019-20238.2.1 Forecast on Production Volume of Integrated Circuits8.2.2 Forecast on International Trade of Integrated Circuits8.3 Forecast on Demand for Integrated Circuits on Global and Chinese Markets, 2019-20238.3.1 Forecast on Overall Demand8.3.2 Forecast on Demand by Market SegmentFor more information         about this  report  visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/jhhxsc         Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.      CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Related Topics: Semiconductor Load-Date: June 6, 2019End of Document

Huawei denies conducting research for the Chinese militaryStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeJune 28, 2019 FridayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: MARKETS; Pg. 1Length: 454 wordsByline: Jean GarciaBodyThe company's workers have published 10 research papers since 2006 with units of the People's Liberation Army on subjects including artificial intelligence, radio communications, location data and heart-signal detection.Reports said Wednesday Huawei has collaborated on research projects with the People's Liberation Army and has close ties to the military.The studies, which were uncovered through a trawling of Chinese academic paper database CNKI.net, include a joint effort with the investigative branch of the Central Military Commission to extract and classify emotions in online video comments, and an initiative with the elite National University of Defence Technology to explore ways of collecting and analysing satellite images and geographical coordinates.Huawei is not aware of its employees publishing research papers in their individual capacity, a company spokeswoman said in a statement, adding that Huawei does not have any R&D collaboration with PLA-affiliated institutions.Now playing: Watch this: What is going on between Huawei and the US?"My understanding is we don't have any projects that relate to the military cooperation category".The Blazers Will Trade Evan Turner To The Hawks For Kent BazemoreBazemore was signed by Atlanta as a free agent ahead of the 2014-15 season and has spent the last five seasons with the Hawks . Bazemore , 29, averaged 11.6 points and 3.9 rebounds in 67 games with the Hawks this past season.Huawei will now have even more trouble denying its connections to China's military. The Beijing company has repeatedly denied it poses any type of threat to US entities, private or public.Military and private sector collaboration is common in many countries but Huawei has gone to great lengths to deny any close relationship with the Chinese government or military. The United States alleges Huawei equipment is inherently unsafe because it could be compromised by the Chinese government for information-gathering or espionage purposes. "Huawei is not a military company", Defense Minister General Wei Fenghe said at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore in June.Bloomberg was unable to contact any of the Huawei employees involved in the ten military projects it discovered. Chinese "universities are quite open to working with the military".Tech companies and military agencies have been integrating around the globe for many years, producing lots of technologies that underpin the modern internet. "If it's very sensitive, it will be classified". "Neither do we customize products or solutions for the military", he said.Earlier this year, Microsoft researchers in China raised eyebrows for their work with scholars affiliated with the country's military-backed university.Load-Date: June 28, 2019End of Document

Huawei phone sales sinking out of China since US blacklistedCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 17, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 505 wordsBodyHuawei's founder announced on Monday the 40% drop in his phone sales outside China since the United States blacklisted the telecom giant, and warned that it will cut production.The announcement by the company's president and founder, Ren Zhengfei, is the first recognition of the impact of measures against Huawei against him, which accuses him of collaborating with the Chinese regime.During a talk at its offices in Shenzhen, southern China, Ren acknowledged falling sales outside China. "Yes, they fell 40%," he said, answering a question from a reporter.Although she gave no details, a Huawei spokeswoman later explained that this is a 40% drop in sales outside China between May and June, following the US decision.Ren noted, however, that sales within China have grown "very fast."Last year Huawei was the world number two in phone production - ahead of Apple and behind South Korean Samsung - and a world leader in telecommunications equipment.In 2018 the company sold a total of 206 million phones, about half in China and the rest abroad.Ren, 74, warned that it plans to cut production by $30 billion over the next two years, although it did not specify which of its activities.In 2018 Huawei totaled US$ 100 billion, so a reduction of $30 billion would drop by 30%.However Ren Zhengfei said he trusted the future and compared the company to a damaged but still usable plane. "In 2021 we will regain our vitality and provide services to humanity," he said.Shadowy OutlookHuawei is at the center of the China-U.S. trade war, in which both countries imposed punitive tariffs.With its actions, President Donald Trump's administration has de facto vetoed Huawei's presence in the U.S. market as well as its business with the country's companies.Last month Washington put Huawei on a list of entities that cannot purchase electronic components in the United States without administration permission, although the measure is suspended for now for 90 days.The United States fears that the Chinese government will spy through Huawei's telecommunications systems, a fear that is partly explained by Ren being an engineer in the Chinese military and for the structure of this private company, which some consider opaque.Huawei denies any relationship with the Chinese government and claims that the United States has given no evidence of its accusations.At the same time, the Trump administration is pressuring other countries not to use Huawei's telecommunications infrastructure, particularly in the deployment of the new 5G mobile phone network, a technology in which the company is a world leader.U.S. decisions have already moved companies like Facebook or Google away from Huawei, which suspended their collaboration.According to eurasia Group, Huawei "has little hope of remaining at the global forefront of mobile phones or infrastructure technology as long as it remains on the U.S. list of entities."The Entry Huawei phone sales are sinking out of China since the US blacklisted the brand was first published in The Third.Load-Date: June 17, 2019End of Document

Chinese students face delays as U.S. checks applicantsStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeJune 4, 2019 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: WORLD NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 455 wordsByline: Steven ClarkeBodyThe education ministry in a statement urged students to "strengthen risk assessment. and make relevant preparations".The move follows a recent spike in unexplained visa delays and denials that left many distraught as their trips and flights booked beforehand had been affected."Instead, they have done serious harm to the USA economy", the Chinese government said in a white paper, pointing to what it described as increased production costs and consumer prices in the United States and threats to economic growth.The Chinese authorities also responded to a USA ban on technology company Huawei by compiling a blacklist of "unreliable" foreign firms that have violated market rules or hurt Chinese interests.Last month, Republicans in the US Congress introduced legislation aimed at barring Chinese military scientists from obtaining visas to study or work in the United States. In 2018, for example, the United States shortened the duration of visas for Chinese aviation and robotics students from five years to just a single year.IEEE China said in a statement on its website it had made a decision to lift the restrictions after receiving further clarification from the U.S. Department of Commerce.US Railroad Stocks Fell on Trump's New Tariff Threat to MexicoPresident Trump attacked the Mexican delegation on Sunday, saying in a tweet "Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border".Education consultant agencies in China are now reminding applicants to check what they have said and shared on social media, especially about sensitive topics like gun control and religion, before handing in visa applications. The official manufacturing PMI, issued Friday, sank to one of the lowest levels in three years.A file photo shows Chinese students at Columbia University in NY celebrating graduation.Approximately 360,000 Chinese people study in the USA at any one time, and they are accredited with contributing about $14 billion to the American economy annually, according to Reuters.China is the biggest source of worldwide students on United States campuses, with 360,000 of them previous year, or a third of the foreign student body, with many paying full tuition.Many US and university officials also warn about over-reacting, however, arguing it is important to acknowledge the important role Chinese scholars and students play at US institutions while being aware of security risks. A breakout below this level will likely provide additional evidence that markets are becoming more optimistic regarding US China trade relations. But there is also an emerging trend among prospective Chinese students that now favors the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, as well as Singapore and Hong Kong in Asia.Load-Date: June 4, 2019End of Document

China Cuts Taxes To Enourage Chip Makers In Face Of US PressureLive Briefs PRO Global MarketsMay 22, 2019 Wednesday 11:08 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 646 wordsBody China is cutting taxes on its fledgling software and integrated circuit industries as US export controls threaten to handicap Chinese tech companies.The Finance Ministry's announcement comes amid a spiralling tariff war with Washington over Chinese technology ambitions.Most smartphones, tablet computers and other electronics are assembled in China. But its manufacturers usually use US, Japanese or Taiwanese microchips and other components.Beijing is developing its own suppliers to capture more of the industry's profits and reduce what the ruling Communist Party sees as a security risk in relying on foreign vendors.Integrated circuits, or microchips, are among technologies China has targeted for state-led development in official plans that helped to ignite Beijing's tariff battle with President Donald Trump.The US, Europe, Japan and other trading partners say those plans violate China's market-opening obligations. Chinese officials have offered to alter details but are unlikely to abandon a strategy they consider a path to prosperity and global influence.Under the new measure, software and integrated circuit companies founded by the end of 2018 will owe no income tax for two years and the rate will be cut by half for three years after that, the Finance Ministry said.Its two-sentence statement gave no details. But the top economic official, Premier Li Keqiang, said May 8 policies to promote the industry would apply equally to foreign-financed and Chinese companies.Beijing has spent billions of dollars over the past two decades on research subsidies and importing technology, sometimes using tactics that have angered Washington and other governments.Trump vetoed the 2017 acquisition of an Oregon tech company, Lattice Semiconductor, after it became clear the buyer was financed by the Chinese government.Political analysts say the sense of urgency over reducing reliance on foreign technology increased after another telecom equipment maker, ZTE Corp., was nearly forced into bankruptcy last year by US export controls.Washington imposed a seven-year ban on technology sales to ZTE over its exports to Iran and North Korea. Trump agreed to restore access after ZTE agreed to pay a 1 billion US dollar (GBP790,000) fine and replace its executive team.Also last year, the Trump administration imposed restrictions on technology exports to a state-supported Chinese semiconductor maker, Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Co. The Commerce Department said Jinhua was developing the ability, possibly with US technology, that threatens the viability of American vendors needed for military systems.One measure of how far China needs to go to supply its own technology needs is industry analysts' warnings about how many US suppliers may be battered by the loss of Huawei Technologies as a customer. They include industry leaders Micron Technologies, Qualcomm, Qorvo, Skyworks Solutions, Xilinx, Broadcom and Texas Instruments.The Trump administration's order last week will reduce or eliminate Huawei's access to American chips and Google, which provides the Android operating system and services for its smartphones.Vendors are required to obtain government permission for technology sales to Huawei. The Commerce Department said it granted a 90-day exemption for some technology to minimise the impact on rural phone carriers that use Huawei equipment.Huawei, China's first global tech competitor, has developed its own chips for smartphones, servers and artificial intelligence. But it needs American components for its top-line phones, network gear and other products.Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei said the company has "supply backups" if it loses access to American components. He said Huawei was talking to Google about possible "emergency relief measures" for its smartphones but gave no details.By Joe McDonald, Associated Presssource: Press AssociationLoad-Date: May 23, 2019End of Document

CRU: Chinese Coke Capacity to Fall in the Coming DecadePR NewswireApril 3, 2019 Wednesday 4:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 555 wordsDateline: LONDON, April 3, 2019 BodyPR NewswireThe Chinese steel value chain suffered great losses in late-2015 due to structural over-capacity. The government has since conducted a 'supply-side' reform by eliminating outdated and inefficient industrial capacity, including coke ovens.Since China has entered a development stage with slowing steel demand growth and with increasing scrap supply reducing the need for hot metal, the coke sector will continue to be subject to capacity consolidation and rationalisation for environmental protection purposes. In addition to capacity reductions, the coke industry will also be 'greener' in the coming decade through the replacement of inefficient, small coke ovens by larger and cleaner ovens.The government will keep cracking down on pollutionThe 13th National People's Congress (NPC) began its annual two-week meeting on 05 March. During what was arguably most important policy meeting, the Chinese government said it would maintain the good results achieved in environmental protection over the last two years. This means that polluting industries, including coke operations, will be discouraged in coming years.CRU has identified that coke making is, in theory, the second largest emission source at an integrated steel mill. The 0.27 kg/tonne of crude steel of PM emission is only second to that of the steelshop and accounts for ~28% of total PM emissions from the integrated steel mill. Given this, coke oven operations have been more closely watched and restricted by the government in 2018. In fact, hot metal capacity restrictions have been relaxed for most of the 2018/2019 WHS, but restrictions on coke operations have been stricter, largely in response to high pollution levels. Although air quality improvements were not as significant as those in the 2017/2018 WHS, when overall capacity restrictions were more aggressive, it still improved significantly compared with badly polluted years prior to 2017. Controlling coke capacity is much easier and less costly than restricting BF operations and can achieve results acceptable to the government.Read the full story:https://www.crugroup.com/knowledge-and-insights/insights/2019/chinese-coke-capacity-to-fall-in-the-coming-decade/Read more about CRU:http://bit.ly/About_CRUAbout CRUCRU offers unrivalled business intelligence on the global metals, mining and fertilizer industries through market analysis, price assessments, consultancy and events.Since our foundation by Robert Perlman in 1969, we have consistently invested in primary research and robust methodologies, and developed expert teams in key locations worldwide, including in hard-to-reach markets such as China.CRU employs over 280 experts and has more than 11 offices around the world, in Europe, the Americas, China, Asia and Australia - our office in Beijing opened in 2004 and Singapore in 2018.When facing critical business decisions, you can rely on our first-hand knowledge to give you a complete view of a commodity market. And you can engage with our experts directly, for the full picture and a personalised response.CRU - big enough to deliver a high-quality service, small enough to care about all of our customers. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cru-chinese-coke-capacity-to-fall-in-the-coming-decade-300822987.htmlSOURCE CRUCONTACT: Media Lemar Montellano - Lemar.montellano@crugroup.com / tel: +44 20 7903 2070 Colin Mills - colin.mills@crugroup.com / tel: +44 20 7903 2235Load-Date: April 4, 2019End of Document

Hong Kong bill in U.S. Congress is urgent, activist saysUPIJune 26, 2019 Wednesday 11:42 PM ESTCopyright 2019 U.P.I. All Rights ReservedLength: 789 wordsByline: ELIZABETH SHIMDateline: June 26 BodyActivists in the United States say a Hong Kong-related bill introduced in Congress must pass quickly, if it is to help stop changes to extradition laws that put anyone in Hong Kong at the mercy of China's justice system.Kenneth Chan, a software engineer based in the San Francisco Bay Area, told UPI he is concerned the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act of 2019 might take some time to pass, while more changes unfold in the semi-autonomous city."We hope we can see a relatively quick turnaround, and send the appropriate message to the Hong Kong government and the Chinese government," Chan said by phone.The U.S. legislation, introduced on June 13 by the Congressional Executive Commission on China, has received bipartisan support in Congress.The commission's co-chairman, Sen. , R-Fla., had said the bill would demonstrate support for protesters, who recently petitioned at the Hong Kong consulates of  member states."As Hong Kongers take to the streets protesting amendments to the territory's extradition law, the U.S. must send a strong message that we stand with those peacefully advocating for freedom and the rule of law, and against Beijing's growing interference in Hong Kong affairs," Rubio said in statement.Chan, who immigrated from Hong Kong to the United States in 1988 while a graduate student, said his group, the Northern California Hong Kong Club, has been organizing rallies in the Bay Area."We just want to do whatever we can to help with the situation there," said Chan, adding "graduate students, working professionals and stay-at-home moms" are attending the marches in California.The United States gives Hong Kong preferential economic and trade benefits under U.S. law. A bill passed by Congress that could potentially retract those benefits could build enough pressure for Hong Kong's chief executive Carrie Lam to retract Hong Kong-China extradition plans entirely.Even as Congress is introducing the legislation, the Trump administration has delivered what critics describe as a muted response.When asked about the anti-extradition protests, President  had said he is sure Beijing and Hong Kong will "be able to work it out." U.S. Secretary of State  later clarified the message, and said Trump is a "vigorous defender of human rights," and the extradition issue would be raised with Chinese President  at the G20 summit this week.As millions of Hong Kong citizens march in favor of dropping extradition plans entirely, Americans with strong ties to the city are watching the protests with hope and fear.Susan Blumberg-Kason, writer and co-editor of Hong Kong Noir, told UPI the adoption of a Hong Kong-China extradition bill, and reduced autonomy, could spell disaster for U.S. companies."A lot of law firms and banks [on the mainland] depend on Hong Kong," she said. "They don't feel comfortable having their main offices in Shanghai or Beijing because of the legal system, or the way the people do business."In Hong Kong there is rule of law."Protesters have specifically targeted the extradition plans, but even as concerns mount over diminished autonomy, no activist is seeking outright independence from China.That kind of move would be unthinkable for Hong Kong, Blumberg-Kason said."If there is any kind of independence movement, China would be so mad. They could just cut off everything," even water, the author said.Since Hong Kong was returned to China in July 1997, policies have also changed to reflect the increased influence of the mainland.The Hong Kong government eased its entry permit policy for Chinese nationals, and the number of mainland visitors has skyrocketed from the hundreds to as many as 58 million people annually, Blumberg-Kason said.Hong Kong is being forced to cope with a changing urban landscape: more shopping malls and tourists, and less traditional buildings. People are fighting back with a heightened awareness of an independent identity, she added.This new Hong Kong consciousness is emerging at a time when China has become more boldly authoritarian, and sees Hong Kong as part of one country.During the height of demonstrations, Chinese state media claimed Hong Kong's activists were "in conspiracy with the West," and that they were "puppets of the United States." And with the possibility the bill could be introduced again before July 2020, the fate of Hong Kong's independence remains uncertain."People are worried about the next 28 years," Blumberg-Kason said, referring to the expiration in 2047 of the one-country two-systems arrangement with the mainland."Whatever happens with this law will predict what will happen in 30 years. I really think that."Correction: An earlier version of this article referred to Hong Kong Noir as a work of nonfiction.Load-Date: June 28, 2019End of Document

Chinese Tech Giant Aims at Growing Health Sector Globally - QTC Care Closed 7 Million USD InvestmentPR NewswireApril 29, 2019 Monday 9:08 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 653 wordsDateline: BEIJING, April 29, 2019 BodyPR NewswireCancer has become the leading cause of death among the Chinese population. Chinese government, anti-cancer associations, experts, and scholars have been actively exploring three major areas to upgrade medical services, enhance access to innovative medicines, and improve medical payments to meet the needs of Chinese patients. At the same time, with the gradual increase of the global information exchange, the number of Chinese patients seeking overseas medical treatment has also been increasing during recent years. Especially for cancer patients, quality overseas medical treatment can provide them with more treatment plans and innovative medicines. It is estimated that the market of overseas medical treatment might exceed tens of billions of dollars in the next decade. Among many destinations for overseas medical treatment, the United States has always been the first choice among Chinese patients for many years. As a constant pioneer in new medicine research, it has developed about 80% of new medicines around the world. In addition, the prices of medicines there are relatively affordable, coupled with an overall more advanced level of medical service due to high level of medical investment, more and more people choose to treat their cancers in the United States. However, it is still full of difficulties for Chinese people to seek treatment in the United States. According to Yi Lu, CEO of QTC Care: "Many cancer patients hope to receive high-quality treatment in the United States, but are intimated by the high-cost and complex logistics to go beyond domestic. QTC Care solves their dilemma by both partnering with top insurance companies to provide plans that reimburse up to $1M in treatment cost, including flights and accommodations, and offering an end-to-end service that takes all complexity out of logistics. We believe our service provides a revolutionary change to the industry, and gives cancer patients and their families a real solution to get better medical treatment as well as life-saving drugs that are otherwise unavailable to them today."QTC is a health care company focusing on introducing the world's top medical resources to the Chinese market and utilizing artificial intelligence to streamline treatment recovery and disease prevention. Partnering with insurance companies in China, QTC Care is providing innovative long-term insurance products for international patients to be able to seek treatment options in the United States in an affordable manner for international patients-first of its kind in China. QTC Care core team has been focusing on bringing the world's best quality oncology medical resources to China since 2013, and has independently developed the remote video consultation system. It is committed to providing patient-oriented medical services, allowing patients to seek high-quality medical treatment with dignity. Recently, QTC Care has closed about 7 million USD Series-A financing. The investment is led by Tencent, a Chinese internet giant, including several other top investors in China. "We do not view ourselves as a medical tourism company. We focus on identifying and connecting the best treatment options possible to cancer patients regardless of geography. We believe life-saving medical treatment should not be bound by distance," Yi Lu said. In addition, QTC Care's social media account has more than 50,000 followers and has provided more than 100,000 free patient education lectures and contents for cancer patients and their families for the past 5 years. QTC is a pioneer in providing a 21-day camp for family members of newly diagnosed cancer patients to get the family members up to speed with the sudden change brought by cancer. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chinese-tech-giant-aims-at-growing-health-sector-globally---qtc-care-closed-7-million-usd-investment-300839715.htmlSOURCE QTC CareCONTACT: Ada Chen, +86-18618499097Load-Date: April 30, 2019End of Document

China ratchets up anti-US rhetoric with old war films and travel alertsCNN WireJune 6, 2019 Thursday 2:37 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 887 wordsByline: By Steven Jiang, CNNDateline: BEIJING (CNN) BodyBEIJING (CNN) --  China's latest message to its people: The United States is evil -- don't go there.In recent days, the government has issued two new travel alerts for citizens heading to the US, while state media has ratcheted up its fiery anti-American rhetoric. It is latest indication of Beijing digging in for a prolonged trade war between the world's two largest economies.The administration of US President Donald Trump raised tariffs from 10% to 25% on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods on May 10, and later threatened Chinese technology giant Huawei with a potential export ban. In response, China increased tariffs on $60 billion worth of US goods last Saturday and has pledged to launch other "necessary countermeasures." On Tuesday, China's tourism ministry warned its citizens of the risks of traveling to the US in an alert, citing frequent recent cases of "shooting, robbery and theft." On the same day, the country's foreign ministry -- along with China's embassy and consulates in the US -- issued a security alert for Chinese citizens, alleging "repeated harassment" of Chinese nationals in the US by local law enforcement officials.Both notices advise Chinese citizens to "raise safety awareness" in the US, and came shortly after an education ministry alert on Monday that warned Chinese students and scholars of the perils of studying in the US due to growing visa issues.'Enemy of the world'The new travel advice did not come in isolation. China's ruling Communist Party has launched a trade war propaganda campaign, with recent efforts -- delivered via state media -- focusing on US "trade bullying" and "hegemony." In one noteworthy article, published Tuesday in party mouthpiece the People's Daily, the US was labeled the "enemy of the world."While scathing anti-US editorials and commentaries quote everyone from French President Emmanuel Macron to 18th-century philosopher Adam Smith, state media has also begun to reference a very specific and bloody battle between US and Chinese forces during the 1950-53 Korean War.Little known in the West, the 1952 battle of Triangle Hill -- or Shangganling in Chinese -- has been glorified in China for decades as a turning point in the war when the Chinese soldiers' endurance and sacrifice led to the "defeat" of American invaders.Although casualty figures remain dispute, both the Chinese military and the US-led UN forces suffered thousands of deaths after more than 40 days of intense fighting. In Chinese articles, textbooks and movies, however, the outgunned Chinese soldiers emerged as the undisputed victors. "The US military paid such a heavy price ... that Triangle Hill became their 'Heartbreak Hill,'" said a commentary posted Monday on Chinese social media by an account under the country's cyberspace authority. "It was a watershed moment when the world recognized (the strength) of China and its military."Claiming the decades-old Chinese movie of the battle was enjoying a surging popularity, the online post contained a video interview with a veteran from the combat, calling her the "backbone of New China."State broadcaster CCTV has also been airing an old documentary series titled "The Great War to Resist the US and Aid North Korea," complete with historical footage and patriotic narration.In a lengthy commentary published Wednesday in the party's Study Times newspaper, the author reviewed US-China negotiations during the Korean War and left little doubt on the intention of the article."Over two years of negotiations has shown the world: What the US government failed to obtain at the negotiating table, they still failed to obtain though the use of warplanes and cannons," he said.Stay calm and rationalSome China watchers are skeptical that Beijing's hardened media strategy will yield positive results."Does the Chinese side think they can use increasingly vitriolic propaganda for domestic purposes without also angering the Trump administration and even further reducing the prospects for a near-term return to negotiations?" Bill Bishop, who publishes the popular online China newsletter Sinocism, wrote to his readers on Wednesday.Even before Beijing issued the new travel alerts, US government statistics showed Chinese visitors to the US fell more than 5% to 2.99 million in 2018, when the year-long trade war began, marking the first annual decline in Chinese travel to the US in 15 years.And of all international students studying at American universities, who contributed $39 billion to the US economy in the 2017-18 academic year, more than a third came from China, according to New York-based NAFSA: Association of International Educators.With the latest warning from the education ministry, some analysts are already predicting a drop in Chinese students attending US universities, while others say much of the anxiety and panic is overblown."I can't speculate on what each government is thinking or may do, but I don't see any of (the US visa issues) across hundreds of our students," said Tomer Rothschild, co-founder of Elite Schools of China, an educational consultancy in Beijing that helps about 150 Chinese students enroll in top American universities every year."I tell the parents to stay rational and stay calm," he said.TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: June 6, 2019End of Document

China ratchets up anti-US rhetoric with old war films and travel alertsCNN.comJune 5, 2019 Wednesday 4:14 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: TRAVELLength: 872 wordsByline: By Steven Jiang, CNNDateline: Beijing BodyChina's latest message to its people: The United States is evil -- don't go there.In recent days, the government has issued two new travel alerts for citizens heading to the US, while state media has ratcheted up its fiery anti-American rhetoric. It is latest indication of Beijing digging in for a prolonged trade war between the world's two largest economies.The administration of US President Donald Trump raised tariffs from 10% to 25% on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods on May 10, and later threatened Chinese technology giant Huawei with a potential export ban.In response, China increased tariffs on $60 billion worth of US goods last Saturday and has pledged to launch other "necessary countermeasures."On Tuesday, China's Culture and Tourism Ministry warned its citizens of the risks of traveling to the US in an alert, citing frequent recent cases of "shooting, robbery and theft."On the same day, the country's Foreign Ministry -- along with China's embassy and consulates in the US -- issued a security alert for Chinese citizens, alleging "repeated harassment" of Chinese nationals in the US by local law enforcement officials.Both notices advise Chinese citizens to "raise safety awareness" in the US, and came shortly after an Education Ministry alert on Monday that warned Chinese students and scholars of the perils of studying in the US due to growing visa issues.'Enemy of the world'The new travel advice did not come in isolation.China's ruling Communist Party has launched a trade war propaganda campaign, with recent efforts -- delivered via state media -- focusing on US "trade bullying" and "hegemony." In one noteworthy article, published Tuesday in party mouthpiece the People's Daily, the US was labeled the "enemy of the world."While scathing anti-US editorials and commentaries quote everyone from French President Emmanuel Macron to 18th-century philosopher Adam Smith, state media has also begun to reference a very specific and bloody battle between US and Chinese forces during the 1950-53 Korean War.Little known in the West, the 1952 battle of Triangle Hill -- or Shangganling in Chinese -- has been glorified in China for decades as a turning point in the war when the Chinese soldiers' endurance and sacrifice led to the "defeat" of American invaders.Although casualty figures remain in dispute, both the Chinese military and the US-led UN forces suffered thousands of deaths after more than 40 days of intense fighting. In Chinese articles, textbooks and movies, however, the outgunned Chinese soldiers emerged as the undisputed victors."The US military paid such a heavy price ... that Triangle Hill became their 'Heartbreak Hill,'" said a commentary posted Monday on Chinese social media by an account under the country's cyberspace authority. "It was a watershed moment when the world recognized (the strength) of China and its military."Claiming the decades-old Chinese movie of the battle was enjoying a surging popularity, the online post contained a video interview with a veteran from the combat, calling her the "backbone of New China."State broadcaster CCTV has also been airing an old documentary series titled "The Great War to Resist the US and Aid North Korea," complete with historical footage and patriotic narration.In a lengthy commentary published Wednesday in the party's Study Times newspaper, the author reviewed US-China negotiations during the Korean War and left little doubt on the intention of the article."Over two years of negotiations has shown the world: What the US government failed to obtain at the negotiating table, they still failed to obtain though the use of warplanes and cannons," he said.Stay calm and rationalSome China watchers are skeptical that Beijing's hardened media strategy will yield positive results."Does the Chinese side think they can use increasingly vitriolic propaganda for domestic purposes without also angering the Trump administration and even further reducing the prospects for a near-term return to negotiations?" Bill Bishop, who publishes the popular online China newsletter Sinocism, wrote to his readers on Wednesday.Even before Beijing issued the new travel alerts, US government statistics showed Chinese visitors to the US fell more than 5% to 2.99 million in 2018, when the year-long trade war began, marking the first annual decline in Chinese travel to the US in 15 years.And of all international students studying at American universities, who contributed $39 billion to the US economy in the 2017-18 academic year, more than a third came from China, according to New York-based NAFSA: Association of International Educators.With the latest warning from the Education Ministry, some analysts are already predicting a drop in Chinese students attending US universities, while others say much of the anxiety and panic is overblown."I can't speculate on what each government is thinking or may do, but I don't see any of (the US visa issues) across hundreds of our students," said Tomer Rothschild, co-founder of Elite Schools of China, an educational consultancy in Beijing that helps about 150 Chinese students enroll in top American universities every year."I tell the parents to stay rational and stay calm," he said.Load-Date: June 7, 2019End of Document

Trump planning more restrictions on tech exports to ChinaPolitico.comMay 23, 2019 Thursday 7:13 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 855 wordsByline: ABehsudi@politico.com,  (Adam Behsudi)BodyThe Trump administration is taking steps toward issuing even more restrictions on exports of high-tech goods to China as the U.S. ratchets up its trade war with Beijing, according to two people familiar with the plans. The Commerce Department will soon recommend rolling back regulations making it easier for U.S. companies to export certain goods that have both civilian and military purposes, the people said. Commerce will also recommend ending a general policy of approving export licenses for that group of goods if they go to civilian use and instead require reviews on a case-by-case basis.The expected moves would make it harder for China to acquire U.S. technology. They come on top of actions President Donald Trump has taken since U.S.-China trade talks ground to a halt earlier this month, such as raising tariffs on $200 billion in Chinese goods. His administration also put Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei on a trade blacklist and is considering similar actions against other Chinese tech companies.How Trump is willing to use these actions as leverage could become clearer next month when he may meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping in late June on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Japan, though no formal plans have been set."It seems to me we're still turning up the pressure to try to get a deal," said Scott Kennedy, a senior adviser and China expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.Commerce is drafting the recommendations as part of a review required by an export-control law recently passed by Congress. A Commerce spokesperson said the department is finalizing the review, which has a May 10 deadline, but declined to confirm specific actions the administration is weighing. Commerce is considering at least four regulatory actions targeting China under the Export Control Reform Act, said the two people, who declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the deliberations.Two of those options would involve revoking two license exceptions U.S. companies can get for shipping restricted technology to China. U.S. firms can avoid an export license requirement to China if they can prove the good is bound for civilian end-use or if a U.S.-origin good is approved for re-export to China from an allied third country.Another option would be expanding a prohibition on any U.S. goods bound for military use in China on par with restrictions now applied to Russia and Venezuela.Finally, Commerce could look at changing its general policy of approving export licenses for goods bound for civilian uses.One of the people close to the deliberations said the actions appear to be "a direct response to the civilian-military fusion that is happening in China."The U.S. already maintains relatively tight restrictions on exports to China of technology and goods that have both civilian and military uses. Tough U.S. export controls aimed at China have long riled Beijing and Chinese officials have raised objection to mounting restrictions with previous administrations. The additional restrictions would add to the recent Commerce Department decision to blacklist Huawei, forcing most of the company's U.S. suppliers to obtain a special license for export transactions. Commerce has a general policy of denying license applications for blacklisted companies.The Commerce Department is also considering similar action against a number of other Chinese companies, including Hikvision and Dahua Technology, which manufacture sophisticated video surveillance technology, according to the two people familiar with the plans. Those companies have been implicated in alleged human rights abuses as a result of the monitoring and mass detention of members of the Muslim Uighur group in China's Xinjiang province.Any final actions related to the surveillance companies are complicated by the scope of a broader proposed package of sanctions the administration is considering. Officials are looking at using a law that would allow the U.S. to ban Chinese government and business officials accused of human rights abuses in the region from entering the U.S. or holding assets in America, said a lobbyist familiar with the matter. "There is broad disagreement over both timing and which tools to use here," the lobbyist said. "In any case, this will really piss off Beijing."The Trump administration had held back on several actions - including punishing China for its activities in Xinjiang as well as Huawei's blacklisting - in the hopes that a deal could be reached with Xi to draw down trade tension. But talks fell apart earlier this month amid accusations from U.S. officials that Beijing had backtracked on commitments to codify under domestic law obligations to address intellectual property theft and forced technology transfers."China's backtracking in a massive way at the eleventh hour from four months of shuttle diplomacy has fed a view in the administration that there is no reason to hold back from these types of actions," said one person close to the internal deliberations.Eric Geller contributed to this report.Article originally published on POLITICO MagazineLoad-Date: May 24, 2019End of Document

Huawei phone sales sink out of China by U.S. pressureCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 17, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 469 wordsBodyHuawei's founder announced on June 17 that a 40% drop in his phone sales outside China, since the United States blacklisted the telecoms giant, and warned that he will cut production.The announcement by the company's president and founder, Ren Zhengfei, is the first recognition of the impact of measures against Huawei against him, which accuses him of collaborating with the Chinese regime.During a talk at its offices in Shenzhen, southern China, Ren acknowledged falling sales outside China.A Huawei spokeswoman later explained that this is a 40% drop in sales outside China between May and June, following the US decision.Ren said sales within China have grown "very fast."Last year Huawei was the world number two in phone production - ahead of Apple and behind South Korean Samsung - and a world leader in telecommunications equipment.In 2018 the company sold a total of 206 million phones, about half in China and the rest abroad.Ren, 74, warned that it plans to cut production by $30 billion over the next two years, although it did not specify which of its activities.In 2018 Huawei totaled $100 billion, bringing a reduction of $30 billion would be a 30% drop.However Ren Zhengfei said he trusted the future and compared the company to a damaged but still usable plane."In 2021 we will regain our vitality and provide services to humanity," he said.Shadowy OutlookHuawei is at the center of china-U.S. trade war, in which both countries imposed punitive tariffs.President Donald Trump's administration de facto vetoed Huawei's presence in the U.S. market, as well as its business with the country's companies.Last month Washington put Huawei on a list of entities that cannot purchase electronic components in the U.S. without administration permission, although the measure is suspended for the time being for 90 days.The U.S. fears that the Chinese government will spy through Huawei's telecommunications systems, a fear that is partly explained by Ren was an engineer in the Chinese army and for the structure of this private company, which some consider opaque.Huawei denies any relationship with the Chinese government and claims that the U.S. has not given any evidence of its accusations.The Trump administration is pressuring other countries not to use Huawei's telecommunications infrastructure, particularly in the deployment of the new 5G mobile phone network, a technology in which the company is a world leader.U.S. decisions have already moved companies like Facebook or Google away from Huawei, which suspended their collaboration.According to the consultancy Eurasia Group, Huawei "has little hope of remaining at the global forefront of mobile phones or infrastructure technology as long as it remains on the U.S. entity list."Copyright Group of Diarios América - GDA/La Nacion/Costa RicaLoad-Date: June 17, 2019End of Document

Tesla promotes lower priced China-made Model 3Stillman Advance: Stillman CollegeJune 2, 2019 SundayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: MARKETS; Pg. 1Length: 366 wordsByline: Jean GarciaBodyBloomberg points out that Teslas imported into China from the US are subject to tariffs and are ineligible for subsidies from the Chinese government (which would be the equivalent of about $3600), both big reasons for the automaker to start building cars in the country.This is the Standard Range Plus version, which will be offered in China at gross prices starting at 328,000 yuan (just under 43,000 euros).It has the same specs as the USA-made version - 460km range (NEDC cycle), top speed of 225km.hr and acceleration to 0-100km/hr in 5.6 seconds.On May 31, Tesla announced that it will produce the Model 3 standard range version at the Shanghai Gigafactory in China. The entry of locally-made Teslas into the Chinese market is set to mitigate some of the effects higher import tariffs have had on the company amid an ongoing trade war.With a delivery launch in six to ten months, Tesla will nearly meet their own schedule.Smash Bros. Ultimate vWith the latest update, Nintendo added VR Toy-Con support....so you would need those cardboard glasses to slip the Switch into. It wasn't great with Mario or Zelda , but hey, let's see if adding a dash of virtual reality to Super Smash Bros .Industry observers said that the price of the locally made vehicle aimed at the mass market is on the higher side, adding that a 300,000 yuan price tag could attract thousands of mainland buyers. Beijing has been accused by the U.S. administration of "forced technology transfers" in exchange for market access in China, including having to reveal their most sophisticated or key technology to Chinese partners in joint ventures.Don't forget to like, comment and subscribe, and support us using the links below.The factory will produce Model 3 and Model Y electric vehicles that are seen as affordable to drivers in China.The factory is the first wholly foreign owned enterprise established after China lifted restrictions on foreign ownership of new energy vehicles, and also the largest-ever foreign-funded manufacturing project in Shanghai, the paper.cn reported.Tesla now ships all its vehicles from the USA, making them ineligible for Chinese government subsidies and subjecting them to import tariffs.Load-Date: June 3, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ETBriefing.comJune 25, 2019 Tuesday 4:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 16322 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 25-Jun-19 16:00 ET15:49SCS Steelcase discloses entry into stock repurchase agreement with an independent third party broker under which the broker is authorized to repurchase up to 1.5 mln shares of common stock on behalf of the Company between June 26-December 26 (16.03 +0.46)The shares will be purchased pursuant to the Company's previously announced share repurchase program.15:44SUMRX Closing Commodities: Oil and gold settle the day flat: API oil data out after the closeMetals Settlement Prices:Aug gold settled today's session $0.30 higher at $1418.45/ozJuly silver settled today's session $0.08 lower (-0.5%) at $15.29/ozSept copper settled $0.02 higher (+0.7%) at $2.73/lbAgriculture Settlement Prices:July corn settled unch at $4.52/bushelJuly wheat settled $0.03 lower (-0.6%) at $5.40/bushelJuly soybeans settled $0.06 lower (-0.7%) at $9.08/bushelEnergy Settlement Prices:July Crude Oil futures fell $0.01 to $57.81/barrelJuly Natural Gas settles unch at $2.28/MMBtuJuly RBOB Gasoline settled $0.02 higher (+1.1%) at $1.83/gallonJuly Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (+0.5%) at $1.93/gallon15:37SAFM Sanderson Farms issues statement, says has not been subpoenaed in connection with Department of Justice investigation (131.62 -2.38)"The United States Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday, June 21, 2019, in In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation stating that it is conducting a criminal investigation regarding the broiler industry. The Company has not been subpoenaed in connection with the Department of Justice investigation. The Company continues to believe the civil plaintiffs' claims as to Sanderson Farms are wholly without merit, and we are committed to defending the case vigorously."15:27SUMRX Earnings Confirmed for this afternoon and tomorrow morningEarnings out this afternoon: AVAV FDX MU SNXEarnings out tomorrow morning: ATU BB GIS INFO PAYX SCHN UNF15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb AgainU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a mostly higher note, but not before seeing some intraday volatility. Treasuries started the cash session just above yesterday's closing levels, spending the first hour of the action in a narrow range. The opening gains were extended amid early weakness on the equity side, with Treasuries rising to highs after the release of weaker than expected New Home Sales for May (actual 626,000; Briefing.com consensus 683,000) and weaker than expected Consumer Confidence for June (actual 121.5; Briefing.com consensus 132.0). Midday action saw a pullback from highs, as the market responded to speeches from St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Fed Chairman Jay Powell. The St. Louis Fed President was up first, and while he said that this is a good time for an "insurance cut", he ruled out the need for a 50-basis point cut. Fed Chairman Powell struck a similar tone, noting that the outlook has changed since early May, but monetary policy should not overreact to short-term swings in sentiment. The midday pullback was most visible in shorter tenors while the long bond remained near its high until the close. Today's $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction was met with strong demand. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 96.13, recording its first gain in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: -1 bp to 1.68% 5-yr: -2 bps to 1.73% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.99% 30-yr: -2 bps to 2.53%News: The implied probability of a 50-bps rate cut at the July meeting decreased to 36.4% from 42.6% after today's speeches from FOMC voters Bullard and Powell. Reuters reported that President Trump will meet with China's President Xi Jinping in Japan on Saturday. U.S. envoy to NATO, Kay Bailey Hutchinson, reiterated that Turkey will be excluded from the F-35 program if the country takes delivery of a Russian-made anti-aircraft weapon system. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. The new British Prime Minister will be named on July 23. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. $40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.695% (2.572%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58 (2.63) Indirect bid: 48.5% (46.3%) Direct bid: 24.2% (15.6%) Today's Data: New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April. The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017. The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook. The FHFA Housing Price Index increased 0.4% in April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) after increasing 0.1% in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index increased 2.5% in April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) after increasing a revised 2.6% (from 2.7%) in March. Commodities: WTI crude: UNCH at $57.81/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1418.45/ozt Copper: +0.7% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1373 GBP/USD: -0.3% to 1.2696 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8842 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior -3.4%) 8:30 ET: May Durable Orders (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior -2.1%) and Durable Orders ex-transportation (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.0%), May Advance International Trade in Goods (prior -$72.10 bln), May Advance Retail Inventories (prior 0.5%), and May Advance Wholesale Inventories (prior 0.7%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior -3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $41 bln 5-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 11:30 ET: San Francisco Fed President (non-voter) Mary Daly15:09SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Allergan (AGN) rises on premium acquisition by AbbVie (ABBV) in the latest major combination for the pharmaceutical sector -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersAGN (163.57 +26.24%): To be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) in a cash-and-stock deal with a transaction equity value of approx. $63 bln, based on ABBV's closing price of $78.45 yesterday; co's shareholders will receive 0.8660 ABBV shares and $120.30/share in cash for each AGN share held. The transaction represents a premium of +45% relative to co's closing price yesterday. Co's shareholders will own approx. 17% of AbbVie on a fully diluted basis following the closing of the acquisition. Shares reach their highest levels since November. ELAN (34.67 +3.4%): Various pharmaceutical companies and other healthcare names see strength in the wake of the AbbVie/Allergan deal. CAG (29.02 +3.27%): Posts moderate gains a few days in advance of its next quarterly results, which will be reported before the open on Thursday; in recent press, co today announced several product expansions for its Healthy Choice and Birds Eye brands. Consumer staples sector sees modest relative strength.Large Cap LosersABBV (66.04 -15.83%): Acquiring Allergan (AGN), as detailed above. Co sees the deal as providing immediate scale and profitability to its growth platform and significantly expanding and diversifying its global commercial scale and revenue base with new therapeutic areas, including medical aesthetics. Co expects the acquisition to provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 bln in year three as a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, reducing overlapping R&D resources, and driving SG&A efficiencies, among other factors. It is expected to be 10% accretive to adj. EPS over the first full year, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. Annual combined revenue for 2019 is estimated at approx. $48 bln. Sinks to two-year lows. SHOP (284.44 -8.78%): Downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush, citing valuation; the firm also increased co's price target to $305. The stock, which reached new all-time highs last week a bit shy of $340 and which continues to hold gains of circa +105% year-to-date, was also downgraded yesterday at ROTH Capital and last week at CIBC. ATHM (82.13 -7.73%): Chinese stocks generally underperform, with the Shanghai Composite Index having today ended a streak of gaining action, as the crucial G-20 meeting looms. (Related: TME, CTRP...)14:57TALKX Market Briefing: Re-thinking some bullish-minded mattersThe major indices have extended today's losses, pressured by a reality check that its most hopeful outlook isn't going to be satisfied in the near term.To that end, St. Louis Fed President Bullard -- the lone dissenter at the recent FOMC meeting and most ardent dove on the FOMC -- said today that he thinks a rate cut is coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50 basis points rate cut is necessary at the July 30-31 meeting. Fed Chair Powell didn't say anything either in a speech today to stoke expectations that the Fed is leaning at this juncture toward a 50 basis points cut at the July meeting.The other selling catalyst has been acknowledgment from White House officials that the goal for the G-20 meeting is to reopen trade talks, but that the U.S. will not accept any tariff conditions. That could be a stumbling block right out of the gate for China, which wants the U.S. to roll back existing tariffs. Separately, there was also an acknowledgment from White House officials that the trade talks could go on for months or years, which left an impression that the trade spat could be a prolonged one.Up to this point, there was some budding hope that the U.S. and China wil at least agree to forestall new tariff actions at this weekend's meeting. That's possible, but clearly, no guarantee has been given.Effectively, then, a short-term overbought market is finding reason to consolidate some strong June gains that were helped along in part by a hope the G-20 Summit would strike a constructive tone and that the Fed would cut rates by 50 basis pints in July. Those views are being called into question today, however, which is leading to the broad-based selling interest.The Russell 2000 is down 0.5%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.6%; the S&P 500 is down 0.8%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.5%.13:51FDX FedEx to report this evening (157.17 -3.73)FedEx (FDX 157.17, -3.73, -2.3%) will report its Q4 results after today's closing bell, followed by the management's conference call at 17:30 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the company to report a 5.1% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $3.94 on a 3.1% yr/yr increase in revenue to $17.85 bln. Last quarter, FedEx reported weaker than expected results and lowered its guidance to account for a slowing global economy. The weak outlook briefly pressured the stock, but FedEx was able to climb to a fresh 2019 high in mid-April. However, that push was followed by a return to the December low earlier this month. Continued relative strength in the U.S. economy should support FedEx's domestic business, but the international segment could see softness associated with slowing growth in Asia and Europe. FedEx's international segment accounts for roughly 30% of revenue. The company has had a difficult time integrating TNT Express into its business. Investors have known about this issue for a while, so any improvement on this front would be a positive. South China Morning Post reported today that the Chinese government may put FedEx on its list of unreliable foreign entities. Global Times speculated about this possibility on Sunday.FedEx trades at 9.9x forward earnings expectations, which represents a discount to UPS's (UPS 97.47, -2.25, -2.3%) 12.9x forward multiple.13:50SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Brighthouse Financial (BHF) sinks on analyst downgrades -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTEVA (8.8 +6.67%): Various biotech/pharma names move higher following AbbVie's (ABBV) premium acquisition of pharmaceutical peer Allergan (AGN). (Related: JAZZ, MYL...) GRUB (76.18 +5.52%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and price target raised to $91 at Citigroup, citing factors including co's continued gains in gross food sales and reports that co is in early tests with certain large chains. Posts three-month highs.SAM (361.78 +3.59%): Now up by circa +7% over the past week, the stock today achieves a new all-time high on slightly above average volume.Mid Cap LosersBHF (33.63 -11.78%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman, which lowers co's target to $32 from $39, and to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse, which cuts co's price target to $22 from $35, with both firms calling attention to sources of pressure to co's capital plans. Drops to five-month lows.UNIT (9.88 -7.58%): In recent items, co announced the planned offering by its subsidiary Uniti Fiber Holdings, Inc. of $300 mln aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2024, and it signaled that it has entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to extend the maturity date of its revolving credit facility. Co also yesterday announced that PEG Bandwidth Holdings, the holder of co's 3.00% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, has elected to convert all of its shares.JOBS (69.88 -6.18%): Dropped to its lowest levels since December in early trade; though now well off those morning lows, the stock continues to underperform on more than 3x average volume, lagging alongside Chinese peers generally ahead of the weekend's G-20 meeting. (Related: HUYA, LX, BZUN...)13:32OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:BHC Jul 24 calls (volume: 7970, open int: 100, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 36%). Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.ATVI Jun 46.5 calls (volume: 6230, open int: 990, implied vol: ~41%, prev day implied vol: 38%). Co is expected to report earnings early August.MCD Jun 207.5 calls (volume: 5030, open int: 1490, implied vol: ~16%, prev day implied vol: 2%). Co is confirmed to report earnings July 26 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HRL Sep 42.5 puts (volume: 4060, open int: 10, implied vol: ~24%, prev day implied vol: 22%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.92, VIX: (16.12, +0.86, +5.6%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:16SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (68) outpacing new lows (59) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ABT, AEM, AGCO, AGI, AJRD, ANIP, AON, ARQL, ATO, AU, BFAM, BHP, BKH, BLL, CL, CMS, CNMD, DTE, EL, FCFS, GFI, GNRC, HIG, HMY, IT, JCI, KGC, KL, MAA, NEE, NVS, PG, PNM, RARX, RGLD, RSG, SAM, SAND, SBUX, SE, STE, SYK, TMO, TRV, V, WM, WTR, YUM, BEP, EDD, EMD, FNV, GBT, GOLD, MMT, NAD, NEA, NG, NZF, PVG, QSR, SHV, SHY, SLQD, UTF, VCSH, VGIT, VGMStocks that traded to 52 week lows: ABEO, ACLS, ADS, AERI, AFI, AHT, AMAG, AMC, ANAB, ANGI, AR, ASNA, ATRA, BNFT, CNX, CUK, DF, ECOM, MR, ENDP, EPC, EQT, EROS, GHL, GPRE, GTE, AMRX, KR, KSS, MATW, MYGN, OMN, QUAD, RAD, RYAM, RYTM, SBH, SCOR, SEMG, SFM, SFNC, SFUN, SIG, SKT, SPN, TV, TX, UNFI, URGN, VICR, WDR, WWW, ABBV, AVYA, CCL, ENR, GTT, IGT, WPGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: BFZ, EHI, GHY, MOSC, MUA, WIWThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CEL, SHIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: BWX, ENZL, FXY, GDX, GDXJ, GLD, HYD, IAU, MUB, SHY13:15TALKX Market Briefing: Fed Chair Powell also tempering market's scope of rate-cut hopes?In a speech on the Economic Outlook and Monetary Policy Review given at the Council of Foreign Relations today, Fed Chair Powell said much of what he said last week following the FOMC meeting.In that sense, one could see it as a dovish speech. The problem today perhaps is that Fed Chair Powell's remarks didn't necessarily make it clear that the Fed is inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at the July meeting.That sense of matters is wrapped up in the following two observations made in the speech:"Against the backdrop of heightened uncertainties, the baseline outlook of my FOMC colleagues, like that of many other forecasters, remains favorable, with unemployment remaining near historic lows.""But we are also mindful that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swing in sentiment."This speech followed on the heels of St. Lois Fed President Bullard saying that he thought a rate cut would be coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.Accordingly, the Powell speech served as another focal point that tempered the market's growing, and pent-up, hope that the Fed would cut by 50 basis points at the July 30-31 meeting. It could still if events, and data, unfold in the interim that suggest such a cut is necessary, but for now, there appear to be some emerging hints in the Fed commentary that suggest the market is probably getting greedy with the expectation that a 50 basis points cut is on the way.13:09SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ABBV (57.23 mln -15.46%), AGN (23.25 mln +26.5%), TEVA (21.69 mln +7.27%), BMY (14.02 mln +0.45%)Materials: GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), KGC (14.76 mln -2.78%), HMY (12.99 mln -5.16%)Industrials: GE (20.66 mln -0.68%)Consumer Discretionary: CZR (57.76 mln +2.27%)Information Technology: AMD (29.78 mln -0.38%), NOK (17.49 mln -0.79%), MSFT (15.84 mln -2.75%), MU (14.28 mln +1.27%)Financials: BAC (27.1 mln -0.66%), ITUB (15.37 mln -1.11%), BBD (13.41 mln -1.52%)Energy: CHK (31 mln -4.97%), SWN (13.3 mln -5.57%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: ABBV (11.7x -15.46%), AGN (7.08x +26.5%), XNCR (4.81x +13.29%), ATRS (4.04x +4.97%), ARQL (2.12x +9.89%)Materials: HMY (2.69x -5.16%), NG (2.25x -0.72%)Industrials: JOBS (3.46x -6.48%), DOOR (3.21x +2.21%)Consumer Discretionary: LEN (3.7x -5.74%), ERI (3.7x -3.87%), CZR (2.79x +2.27%), GRUB (2.19x +5.07%)Information Technology: SCSC (2.96x +2.61%)Financials: VMBS (6.89x +0.03%), VCIT (4.42x -0.01%), BHF (4.18x -13.12%), AEF (2.54x -0.27%)Energy: TOO (3.59x -1.72%)Utilities: ENIC (3x +0.84%)13:08SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: AGN (163.9 +26.5%), XNCR (38.37 +13.29%), RUBY (15.11 +10.21%), ARQL (11 +9.89%), TEVA (8.85 +7.27%), ENDP (3.84 +6.96%), DNLI (20.95 +6.72%), RARX (27.94 +6.56%), INO (2.57 +5.99%), PGNX (5.5 +5.36%)Industrials: GBX (28.96 +7.06%), TGI (19.74 +5.9%)Energy: MDR (8.79 +6.93%), LPI (2.9 +5.84%), OIS (17.94 +5.65%), GLOG (13.89 +5.63%)Consumer Staples: USNA (79.15 +9.41%), RAD (6.78 +7.62%), SPTN (11.53 +5.83%), ELF (13.87 +5.8%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ABBV (66.33 -15.46%), EPZM (13.54 -10.48%)Industrials: JOBS (69.66 -6.48%)Consumer Discretionary: RGS (16.56 -6.76%), SCVL (26.5 -5.96%)Information Technology: GTT (18.52 -7.26%), GSKY (12.15 -6.22%), UPLD (44 -6.13%), SHOP (292.83 -6.09%)Financials: BHF (33.12 -13.12%), HIIQ (24.05 -7.96%), JT (4.08 -6.63%)Consumer Staples: DF (0.97 -6.21%)13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.695% (When-Issued: 1.705%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58Indirect bid: 48.5% Direct bid: 24.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stock market trades lower in front of Powell commentsThe S&P 500 is down 0.5%, as shares of technology companies weigh on the broader market. Investors have shown some caution, buying into U.S. Treasuries, in front of an appearance from Fed Chair Powell at the top of the hour.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.9%. The Russell 2000 is up 0.1% after underperforming yesterday.Mr. Powell's position as Fed Chair usually commands the most attention, but the market has taken a leg lower in recent action after St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter) said a half-point cut in the fed funds rate would be too much. Instead, Mr. Bullard prefers a quarter-point cut.Economic data released today has provided some insight into the housing sector and consumer sentiment that has also disappointed investors. New homes sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000), and the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0).Today's action has been largely risk-off, which is being reflected across losses in nine of the 11 S&P 500 sectors. Leading today's retreat are the S&P 500 communication services (-1.4%), information technology (-1.2%), and consumer discretionary (-0.7%) sectors. The materials (+0.1%) and real estate (+0.02%) sectors cling onto slim gains.Home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.33, -3.13, -6.1%) has also contributed to the cautious sentiment after it issued downside Q3 guidance, discouraging investors after it provided positive quarterly results earlier in the day.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space. Allergan (AGN 164.00, +34.41, +26.6%) confirmed it will be acquired by pharmaceutical company AbbVie (ABBV 66.33, -12.12, -15.5%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie currently down over 15%, the deal represents a 37% premium to AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries have advanced, pushing the benchmark 10-yr yield down three basis points to 1.99%, as investors remain cautious about the economic outlook. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 96.21.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).12:48TALKX Market Briefing: Bullard reins in scope of rate-cut expectationsThe stock market has hit an air pocket, moving to its lows for the session, following comments from St. Louis Fed President Bullard (FOMC voter) who said he sees a rate cut coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.This remark caused some knee-jerk selling interest, as there has been a growing belief that the Fed will be inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at its July 30-31 FOMC meeting. The fact that one of the Fed's biggest doves -- if not the biggest -- is seemingly trying to rein in the market's rate-cut hopes has taken some of that rate-cut premium out of stock prices.As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell has a speaking engagement at 1:00 p.m. ET.The Russell 2000 is down 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.5%; the S&P 500 is down 0.6%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.12:00MSFT Microsoft hit by profit-taking interest (134.79 -2.99)Shares of Dow component Microsoft (MSFT 134.56, -3.22, -2.3%), which is also the largest stock by market capitalization, are underperforming today. That has to do in large part with how the stock has outperformed since June 3.Entering today, Microsoft was up 15% since June 3 (i.e. the day before Fed Chair Powell said the Fed would act appropriately to sustain the expansion) versus a 7.3% gain for the S&P 500 and a 9.2% gain for the Nasdaq Composite.A 15% move in a stock the size of Microsoft is a massive move and left shares of MSFT 21% above their 200-day moving average. The basis for today's selling, then, is a pullback from a short-term overbought condition.That condition was brought to light today by the analyst at Jefferies who raised his price target to $90 from $80, but maintained an Underperform rating and called the stock "materially overvalued."It won't be lost on investors that MSFT has defied the Jefferies view of the stock's prospects in a big way leading into today; nonetheless, with the broader market in a consolidation mode in front of the G-20 summit, the Jefferies view today looks to have served as another profit-taking catalyst.11:45SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -0.27%, FTSE +0.13%, CAC -0.05%---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.03%Germany's DAX: -0.27%U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.13%France's CAC 40: -0.05%Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.73%Spain's IBEX 35: -0.24%11:41SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Xencor (XNCR) rises on addition to S&P SmallCap 600 index -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersXNCR (38.25 +12.92%): Co will take the place of HFF Inc. (HF) in the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 2, upon that company's pending acquisition by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). At five-month highs. KRYS (45.8 +11.15%): Continued strength following updates from trials of KB103. Co also announced a public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock priced at $40.00/share, for gross proceeds of approx. $100.0 mln. Extends to further all-time highs. USNA (77.05 +6.51%): Designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 1, replacing Fidelity Southern (LION) upon its acquisition by by Ameris Bancorp (ABCB).Small Cap LosersFRTA (4.10 -10.20%): Announced that its CEO, Jeff Bradley, has stepped down as CEO and as one of co's directors in order to pursue other opportunities; co has appointed Karl H. Watson, Jr., most recently COO of Summit Materials (SUM), has been appointed to succeed Mr. Bradley. Co also announced the appointment of John McPherson as Lead Director and non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board, a newly created role, and noted that it "continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance" and that it "remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow." At two-month lows.EPZM (13.8 -8.72%): Tracks lower after spiking to a new 52-week high near yesterday's open and after having netted gains of circa +29% last week, bolstered by interim data for tazemetostat.SCOR (6.87 -7.66%): Sees continued weakness, down by circa 17% in the most recent three sessions. News items for co in recent days include its announcement of an agreement with an institutional investor for a $20 mln private placement of common stocks and warrants with potential to increase to approx. $50 mln and its announcement of a strategic partnership with MediaScience to research cross-platform advertising. Recent sector news included LiveRamp's (RAMP) acquisition, announced yesterday, of media measurement company Data Plus Math for a total consideration of $150 mln. Posts all-time lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 2.125% Bid-to-cover: 2.75 Indirect bid: 46.6% Direct bid: 27.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%11:20GIS General Mills Fourth Quarter Earnings Preview (53.87 +0.20)General Mills (GIS) will report fourth quarter earnings tomorrow before the open. There is a conference call scheduled for 8:30 ET. Q4 Capital IQ consensus calls for EPS of $0.76 (-4% yr/yr) on revenue of $4.24 bln (+8.8% yr/yr). The company is expected to guide for FY20 where consensus stands at $3.31 (-4.8% yr/yr) and $17.3 bln for revenues (+1.6% yr/yr).Looking back, the company beat on EPS four times in a row, but missed on revenues four times in a row. GIS shares increased 3% following its Q4 results. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, General Mills expects Blue Buffalo's net sales and segment operating profit growth will accelerate meaningfully, driven by significant distribution expansion in the FDM channel. Based on the GIS weekly Jun28 $54 straddle, the options market is currently pricing in a move of ~6% in either direction by weekly expiration (Friday).On a positive report, look for resistance near the $58.00-58.50 area, while support sits near the $49.00-49.50 vicinity.GIS has a market cap of ~$32 bln and trades at ~16x FY20 earnings, a notable discount to the average consumer packaged goods stock at 22x.11:13XPH Pharma is the big winner today after second large M&A deal is announced in as many weeksPharma and biotech stocks are the clear winners in trading this morning. With ABBV announcing today it will acquire AGN just a week after PFE said it will acquire ARRY, there is a lot of excitement in the group. What's notable is that both acquiring companies have blockbuster drugs (ABBV with Humira and PFE with Lyrica) that are soon facing patent expirations. It's clear large pharmas want to restock their portfolios. It's leading to speculation as to which companies may be next.On the other side of the spectrum, China, IT and gold stocks are showing weakness today.10:35SUMRX Morning Commodities: Oil sheds gains, now modestly lower, gold over 1% higherCommodities are higher (+0.5% at 79.88 as measured by the Bloomberg Commodity Index)Dollar index is slightly lower (-0.04% at 95.9420)Looking at energy:Jul WTI crude oil futures are now -$0.08 (-0.1%) at $57.82/barrelIn other energy, Jul natural gas is -$0.4 (-1.9%) at $2.24/MMBtu Moving on to metals:Aug gold is currently +$18.15 (+1.3%) at $1436.35/oz, while Jul silver is +$0.05 at $15.43/ozJul copper is now +$0.03 (+1.0%) at 2.73/lb10:31SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence & New Home Sales miss expectationsEconomic Data Summary:April Case Schiller Home Price Index 0.4% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.5%; March was 2.7% April FHFA Housing Price Index 2.5% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; March was revised to 2.6% from 0.1% June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs Briefing.com consensus of 132.0; May was revised to 131.3 from 134.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.May New Home Sales 626K vs Briefing.com consensus of 683K; April was revised to 679K from 673 The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -3.4%) May Durable Orders due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of -0.3%; April was -2.1%) May Durable Orders -- Ex Transportation due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; April was 0.0%) May Advance International Trade in Goods due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was -$72.1 bln) May Advance Retail Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.5%) May Advance Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.7%)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bostric to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bullard to speak today at 17:30 ET.The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week.Tuesday: $40 bln in 2 Year Treasury NotesWednesday: $41 bln in 5 Year Treasury NotesThursday: $32 bln in 7 Year Treasury NotesOther International Events of InterestChinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.10:17OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:BHC Jul 24 calls are seeing interest with 4420 contracts trading vs. open int of 100, pushing implied vol up around 16 points to ~52%. Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.Puts:HRL Sep 42.5 puts are seeing interest with 4060 contracts trading vs. open int of 10, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~24%. 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Stocks seeing volatility selling:FDS, LEN implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.68, VIX: (15.48, +0.22, +1.4%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:10TALKX Market Briefing: Soft start followed by some soft economic dataThe stock market has started to day's session on a soft note. This isn't altogether surprising given the lack of conviction seen in the futures market ahead of the open.At the same time, it isn't all that surprising given that market participants are spying a 1:00 p.m. ET speaking appearance by Fed Chair Powell as a potential market mover and given that the highly-anticipated G-20 summit is sitting on the weekend horizon.Just not much conviction right now on the part of buyers, who have been very active throughout the month of June, which is on track to be the best June for the S&P 500 since 1955!The broader market will be excused, then, for taking a little time to consolidate after a big run. Some disappointing consumer confidence data for June (121.5 vs. 132.0 Briefing.com consensus) and weaker-than-expected new home sales data for May (626K vs. 683K Briefing.com consensus) have also cast a pall on buying efforts.Treasuries, on the other hand, have benefited from the disappointing data. The 10-yr note yield is down three basis points to 1.99%.Separately, the health care space is one of the more actively-traded areas in the stock market today following AbbVie's (ABBV 66.89, -11.56, -14.7%) $63 billion cash-and-stock offer to acquire Allergan (AGN 164.69, +35.12, +27.1%), the maker of Botox.The Russell 2000 is up 0.1%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%; the S&P 500 is down 0.2%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.10:04AJG Arthur J. Gallagher to purchase a minority stake in Prague-based Renomia a.s.; terms not disclosed (86.87 -0.11)The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019. Renomia is the largest independent broker based in the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region.10:01ECONX June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs 132.0 Briefing.com consensus10:01ECONX May New Home Sales 626K vs 683K Briefing.com consensus09:47NRZ New Residential Investment 'launched an opportunistic underwritten public offering of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ' (15.97 )The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for investments and general corporate purposes.09:43OR Osisko Gold Royalties increases previously announced bought-deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares (10.96 -0.49)Osisko Gold Royalties announces that, due to strong demand, Betelgeuse LLC has entered into a revised agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets to increase the size of its previously announced bought deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per common share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $110,685,000. Osisko will not be receiving any of the proceeds of the secondary offering. Amounts are in Canadian dollars.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Wall Street opens slightly lower amid weakness in financialsThe major averages begin the day slightly lower. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows most holding modest losses. The communication services (-0.5%) and financials (-0.7%) sectors show relative weakness, while the real estate (+0.3%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are the lone sectors trading higher.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.73%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 2.00%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 96.01. WTI crude is up 0.3% to $58.05/bbl.09:28WIRES On The WiresKandi Technologies (KNDI) announced that its JV with Geely Group, Kandi Electric Vehicles Group, has received a national subsidy payment of RMB 876 mln from the Chinese government for sales of new energy vehicles, consisting of RMB 742.8 mln for pure EV sales during 2015 and 2016 and RMB 133.4 mln for partial EV sales in 2017.Progenics Pharm (PGNX) announced that results from studies highlighting the PSMA-targeted imaging agent, PyL, were presented at the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2019 Annual Meeting. The results included data from the company's Phase 2/3 OSPREY trial in men with high risk and metastatic prostate cancer and three presentations from an investigator-sponsored study conducted under the company's PyL Research Access Program that evaluated PyL in men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. Collectively, the data presented highlights the potential of PyL to detect locally advanced prostate cancer, biochemically recurrent prostate cancer, and metastatic disease. ANI Pharma (ANIP) announced the launch of Ranitidine Capsules, 150mg and 300mg. The current annual US market for this product is approx. $40 mln, according to Iqvia/IMS Health.Tricida (TCDA) announced that The Lancet published online detailed results from its long-term, Phase 3, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial, TRCA-301E, in 196 patients with chronic kidney disease and metabolic acidosis.TILT Biotherapeutics, a company working in the area of enabling tumor T-cell therapies and checkpoint inhibiting antibodies with oncolytic viruses, has entered into an agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt (MKKGY) and Pfizer (PFE) to evaluate its armed oncolytic virus, TILT-123, with avelumab in patients with solid tumors refractory to routine modalities.Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) announced a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Vaccine Research Center (VRC) enabling the VRC's use of Halozyme's ENHANZE drug delivery technology to develop subcutaneous formulations of broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) against HIV for HIV treatment. The two bnAbs selected for the CRADA are VRC07-523LS and N6LS.Bausch Health (BHC) put in notice to pay down an additional $100 mln of its senior secured term loans this week, using cash generated from operations. After this payment, the company will have eliminated all mandatory amortization for the first quarter of 2020.Dova Pharmaceuticals (DOVA) today announced that the European Commission has granted marketing authorization for DOPTELET (avatrombopag) for the treatment of severe thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo an invasive procedure.09:10WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +1.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -3.50.Much like yesterday, today's opening indication is looking flattish as investors appear content remaining in a wait-and-see mode for G-20. The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, above fair value.Allergan (AGN 169.75, +40.18, +31.0%) and AbbVie (ABBV 70.80, -7.65, -9.7%), meanwhile, have made some noise in a mega-merger deal worth about $63 billion. AbbVie will acquire Allergan for $188.24 per share in cash and stock, or a 45% premium to Allergan's closing price on Monday, but that premium is shrinking in pre-market action as shares of AbbVie trade lower by 9.7%.In housing data, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).09:00ECONX April S&P Case Shiller Home Price Index Yr/Yr +2.5% vs +2.5% Briefing.com consensus08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -0.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -7.40.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%Major European indices trade mostly in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%08:47TRWH Twin River Worldwide commences a modified Dutch auction to purchase shares of its common stock for cash at a price per share of not less than $29.50 nor greater than $33.00 in increments of $0.25 (29.17 )08:42WIRES On The WiresADTRAN (ADTN) has joined the prpl Foundation-an open-source, community-driven, collaborative non-profit foundation that strives to enable the security and interoperability of embedded devices. ADTRAN Subscriber Solutions & Experience CTO, David La Cagnina, will now serve on the prpl Foundation Board of Directors. La Cagnina has been active in prpl through SmartRG, which ADTRAN acquired late last year. ADTRAN increased support for the foundation to further demonstrate commitment to driving the industry toward open, programmable, software-defined access infrastructures.nLIGHT (LASR) announced the introduction of the Corona CFX-8000, the latest high-power fiber laser in the Corona product family. Corona fiber lasers incorporate programmable beam characteristics to bring together the speed and cost advantages of traditional fiber lasers with the superior thick metal cutting of CO2 lasers.Vonage (VG) expanded the reach of its channel partner program with the addition of P2 Communications Management, LLC, a national IT advisory and management firm. With Vonage's fully integrated communications offering, P2 Communications Management can offer its customers a unique combination of applications and programmable communications via APIs to help enhance both employee and customer experiences.Medidata (MDSO) announced that global pharmaceutical company Orion will consolidate all clinical trials on the Medidata Rave Clinical Cloud and expand its use of trial management solutions to support growth of its R&D pipeline.Iteris (ITI) was awarded a two-year contract by the Wyoming Department of Transportation, continuing its support of the state's 511 service and maintaining its position as a market leader in the nationwide traveler information system market, with a 25% share.Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII) received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for key claims covering the composition and method of manufacturing for Grandevo WDG, an MBI developed microbial-based bioinsecticide.08:37TDOC Teladoc appoints Mala Murthy as CFO; Most recently, Murthy was CFO of the Global Commercial Services Segment of American Express (62.75 )08:32MRTX Mirati Therapeutics prices 2.1 mln common stock offering at $97.00/share (100.75 )08:32ACER Acer Therapeutics receives Complete Response Letter from the FDA regarding its New Drug Application for EDSIVO for the treatment of vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (19.28 )The CRL states that it will be necessary to conduct an adequate and well-controlled trial to determine whether celiprolol reduces the risk of clinical events in patients with vEDS. Acer plans to request a meeting to discuss the FDA's response.08:27WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -1.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -8.50.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Iran is in the news again after it said a diplomatic solution with the U.S. is now closed after President Trump imposed new sanctions yesterday, according to Bloomberg. Tensions have yet to have a meaningful impact on the stock market, but tensions are having a noticeable effect on gold futures, which are up another 0.9% to $1430.30/oz.The precious metal, which tends to rise amid geopolitical uncertainty, is up 9.5% this month. Lower U.S. Treasury yields have also made gold more appealing to investors.Separately, FedEx (FDX 159.92, -0.98, -0.6%) filed a lawsuit against the Commerce Department to stop the government from requiring it to enforce the Huawei Technologies restrictions, according to The Wall Street Journal. On a related note, the economic bellwether will release its earnings report after today's close.08:12SUMRX Gapping up/down: LEN +5% and FDS +2% after earnings, AGN +32% and ABBV -8% after M&A news, PYX +15% after Imperial Capital initiates stock with $71 PT; SHOP -1.5% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:10CHTR Charter Comm to offer $750 mln of senior notes (392.44 )08:10SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:09WIRES On The WiresGarmin International, Inc., a unit of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN), announced that Fusion, a Garmin brand and worldwide leader in marine entertainment, has been selected as a supplier of choice for the Independent Boat Builders, Inc. (IBBI), the industry's largest purchasing cooperative. Beginning Model Year 2020, this agreement will give members direct access to Fusion's full line of audio entertainment products through 2024. Comprised of a 19-member network of leading boat brands, IBBI members collectively build nearly 25% of all boats sold in the U.S.Aspen RxHealth announced today that Humana Inc. (HUM) has chosen the company's app-based platform to connect pharmacists with patients to deliver clinical services, including medication therapy management. Covetrus (CVET) announced a new strategic partnership with Heart + Paw, an integrated pet care company that offers comprehensive wellness for animals, including veterinary care, boarding, daycare, grooming and community experiences to pets and their parents. Heart + Paw opened its first center in June 2019 and has significant national growth plans with an initial focus on the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) has received the first order for the new Purion XE Power Series implanter from a leading power device manufacturer. The new Purion XE product line extension will be used in high volume production of power devices supporting automotive, mobile and the IoT market spaces. The system is scheduled to ship in the third quarter. Predictive Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of Predictive Technology Group, Inc. (PRED), a leader in the use of data analytics for disease identification and subsequent clinical intervention through precision therapeutic treatments, announces that data from a study of the genes underlying endometriosis may lead to new pathophysiology insights, improved diagnostics and novel treatment approaches. The study data was discussed in an oral presentation by Kenneth Ward, M.D. at the 2019 European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology annual meeting in Vienna, Austria.08:07SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryLonger Tenors Tick HigherU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near yesterday's closing levels. Treasury futures stayed on an upward path during the overnight session, but the market found resistance near highs from Friday. The ensuing pullback ran into support near levels from yesterday, leaving Treasuries with modest gains at this juncture. Yesterday's session was quiet, but today, the market will receive some housing and consumer confidence data while the U.S. Treasury will sell $40 bln in 2-yr notes. Fed Chairman Jay Powell will speak in the early afternoon. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 96.05, seeking its first advance in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: UNCH at 1.69% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.75% 10-yr: -1 bp to 2.01% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.54%News: Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. Hong Kong's May trade deficit totaled HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). Imports decreased 4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) while exports fell 2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) The new British Prime Minister will be announced on July 23. France's June Business Survey decreased to 102 (expected 104) from 104. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. Commodities: WTI Crude: -0.4% to $57.68/bbl Gold: +1.0% to $1431.90/ozt Copper: +0.9% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.1385 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2728 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8783 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: April S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%; prior 2.7%) and April FHFA Housing Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.1%) 10:00 ET: June Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 132.0; prior 134.1) and May New Home Sales (Briefing.com consensus 683,000; prior 673,000) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 8:45 ET: New York Fed President (FOMC voter) John Williams 12:00 ET: Atlanta Fed President (non-voter) Raphael Bostic 13:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:01RFL Rafael Holdings enters into an out-licensing agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical (24.00 )Rafael will receive a one-time upfront payment of approximately $12.9 million USD and up to an additional approximately $150.3 million USD if certain development and commercial milestones are achieved. Rafael will also receive low-double digit royalties based on net sales of the Products in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries. ONO will have exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products for all indications in ONO's territory. Rafael continuously retains all exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products outside of ONO's territory.07:53WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -13.30.U.S. equity futures are slightly lower after a mixed session yesterday, as investors continue to await the G-20 summit at the end of the week. The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.In the meantime, the market will hear from several Fed officials throughout the day with Fed Chair Powell headlining the bunch. Mr. Powell will participate in an interview with The New York Times at 1:00 p.m. ET to discuss the challenges facing the economy and the policies of the Federal Reserve.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space this morning. Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93, +29.2%) confirmed it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a nearly 45% premium to Allergan's closing price from Monday.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) at 9:00 a.m. ET. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) and New Home Sales for May (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) will be released at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 2.01%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 96.05. WTI crude is down 0.3% to $57.75/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93): +29.2% after confirming it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a 43.8% premium to AGN's closing price from Monday. Lennar (LEN 53.98, +2.57): +5.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. FactSet (FDS 302.13, +8.80): +3.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -1.2%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.9%, India's Sensex +0.8%, South Korea's Kospi -0.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.2%.In economic data:Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%)South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9)Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%)New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)In news:Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases.Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies.South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.Major European indices trade in negative territory. STOXX Europe 600 -0.1%, Germany's DAX UNCH, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.1%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.5%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.6%.In economic data:U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27)France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104)Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)In news:Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years.The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament.European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.07:51OR Osisko Gold Royalties entered into a bought-deal agreement (11.45 )Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd announces that Betelgeuse LLC, a jointly owned subsidiary of certain investment funds managed by Orion Resource Partners, has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets, pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, an aggregate of 6,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per Common Share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $96,585,000.07:37AKRX Akorn received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018 --halted-- (4.73 )Douglas Boothe, Akorn's President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "Akorn is committed to resolving the warning letter in a comprehensive and effective manner. Earlier this year, Akorn launched a companywide action plan to improve the timing and effectiveness of our operations, quality systems and compliance enhancement initiatives, with an emphasis on transparency and quality. We believe the execution of this action plan, which has already begun to yield tangible results, will strengthen and further standardize our quality systems across the entire Akorn network."07:32PCRX Pacira Pharma announces that its MAA for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia was validated by the EMA (43.12 )The MAA for EXPAREL is supported by clinical evidence across several surgical indications, including patients undergoing Cesarean section and total knee arthroplasty procedures. In December 2018, the EMA issued a positive opinion for the company's Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX UNCH, FTSE -0.1%, CAC -0.1%Major European indices trade in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%---FX---EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1379 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2737 USD/CHF: +0.6% to 0.977107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -0.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.10.07:07WIRES On The WiresOn June 20, 2019, the Board of Directors of Hologic (HOLX) approved the amendment and restatement of the Company's Bylaws to implement proxy access bylaw provisions and to make other non-material changes. The proxy access bylaw provisions permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, who have held three percent or more of the Company's stock for at least three years, to nominate and include in the Company's annual proxy materials director nominees constituting the greater of twenty percent or two members of the Company's Board of Directors, provided that the shareholders and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Company's Bylaws.IHG (IHG) and Sands China (SCHYY) announced that The Venetian Macao and The Parisian Macao will become InterContinental Alliance Resorts beginning today. In addition, The Londoner Hotel in Macao will join the alliance when it opens in 2020 following the renovation of the current Holiday Inn Macao Cotai Central. IHG and The Venetian Resort Las Vegas also announced the long-term extension of their alliance. The partnership extends through to 2027 at all five properties.Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced that the first patient, who completed the Phase 2 clinical trial ANAVEX2-73-RS-001 voluntarily moved into the extension study and was dosed in the extension study for the treatment of Rett syndrome.Bausch Health Companies Inc. (BHC) and its dermatology business, Ortho Dermatologics, announced that DUOBRII (halobetasol propionate and tazarotene) Lotion, 0.01%/0.045%, will be available commercially to health care professionals starting this week. Linde (LIN) announced today it has signed a long-term agreement with ExxonMobil (XOM) Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. to support the latest multi-billion dollar expansion of the company's integrated manufacturing complex in Singapore. This will be the single largest sale of gas contract in the history of the newly merged Linde and of its legacy companies.07:05FDS FactSet beats by $0.25, beats on revs; raises FY19 EPS guidance; narrows FY19 revenue guidance (293.33 )Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $2.62 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.25 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.37; revenues rose 7.2% year/year to $364.5 mln vs the $359.25 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.ASV plus professional services was $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019. Organic ASV plus professional services was also $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019, up $76.5 mln from the prior year at a growth rate of 5.6%. Organic ASV, which excludes the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, plus professional services, increased $4.5 mln over the last three months.Co issues raised guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $9.80-9.90 from $9.50-9.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $9.61 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $1.42-1.44 bln from $1.41-1.45 bln vs. $1.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:03ARVN Arvinas: FDA has cleared the company's IND for ARV-471 for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ER positive / HER2 negative breast cancer (21.87 )Arvinas expects to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for ARV-471 in the third quarter of 2019. In preclinical studies, ARV-471 demonstrated near-complete ER degradation in tumor cells, induced robust tumor shrinkage when dosed as a single agent in multiple ER-driven xenograft models, and showed superior anti-tumor activity as a single agent and in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor when compared to a standard of care agent, fulvestrant, dosed as single agent or in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Arvinas believes the differentiated pharmacology of ARV-471, including its iterative degradation activity, has the potential to translate into meaningful clinical benefit for patients.07:02NTEC Intec Pharma announces publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients (4.16 )The article reviews pharmacokinetic and efficacy data from the Company's phase 2, multicenter, open-label, two-way randomized crossover study that evaluated multiple dose strengths of the AP-CD/LD (50/250 mg, 50/375 mg or 50/500 mg) twice daily in one treatment period and an active comparator in the other treatment period. The article presents results from cohorts 1-4 out of the 6 cohorts of PD patients who participated in the study. Pharmacokinetics (PK) and efficacy were evaluated for AP-CD/LD compared with immediate release Carbidopa/Levodopa (IR-CD/LD). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and patient- and investigator-reported measures were also evaluated. The PK results showed that compared with IR-CD/LD, treatment with either AP-CD/LD dose demonstrated more stable LD plasma concentrations in both fluctuating and non-fluctuating PD patients, and significantly decreased the LD Cmax (57.1% and 66.8% decreases among fluctuating and non-fluctuating patients, respectively).07:01ARQL ArQule prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share (10.01 )07:01RMBS Rambus sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V); terms not disclosed (11.55 )The combination of Visa's network tokenization capabilities with the local and account tokenization technology of Rambus will facilitate safer, more secure payments across all forms of global commerce.07:00ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints (7.09 )Statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints, due to high rates of disease resolution in vehicle-treated patients, but activity of reproxalap was consistently greater than that of vehicle. Noninfectious anterior uveitis program to be discontinued. The co plans to prioritize Phase 3 ocular pipeline programs in dry eye disease, allergic conjunctivitis, and proliferative vitreoretinopathy.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -1.2%, Shanghai -0.9%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: UNCH at 6.8792 USD/INR: +0.2% to 69.3606:56S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -16.00.06:56European MarketsFTSE...7399.75...-16.90...-0.20%. DAX...12268.81...-5.80...-0.10%.06:56Asian MarketsNikkei...21194...-92.20...-0.40%. Hang Seng...28186...-327.00...-1.20%.06:55FXI Shanghai... -0.87%06:50MOR MorphoSys names Jean-Paul Kress, M.D. CEO effective September 1 (26.18 )In his new position, Dr. Kress will succeed Dr. Simon Moroney, who had announced his decision not to renew his contract as a member of MorphoSys's Management Board in February 2019 and who will step down as CEO on September 1, 2019. Prior to joining MorphoSys, Dr. Kress served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Syntimmune, now a subsidiary of Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN).06:44AGN Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock (129.57 )Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, Allergan Shareholders will receive 0.8660 AbbVie Shares and $120.30 in cash for each Allergan Share that they hold, for a total consideration of $188.24 per Allergan Share. The transaction represents a 45% premium to the closing price of Allergan's Shares on June 24, 2019.AbbVie anticipates that the Acquisition will provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 billion in year three while leaving investments in key growth franchises untouched. The synergies and other cost reductions will be a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, and reducing overlapping R&D resources (~50%), driving efficiencies in SG&A, including sales and marketing and central support function costs (~40%), and eliminating redundancies in manufacturing and supply chain, and leveraging procurement spend (~10%). The synergies estimate excludes any potential revenue synergies.AbbVie is expected to generate significant annual operating cash flow, which will support a debt reduction target of $15 to $18 billion before the end of 2021, while also enabling a continued commitment to Baa2/BBB or better credit rating and continued dividend growth.This transaction is expected to be 10% accretive to adjusted earnings per share over the first full year following the close of the transaction, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. ROIC is expected to exceed AbbVie's cost of capital within the first full year.The companies anticipate closing of the transaction by early 202006:41SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:AGN +35.1%, ALDX +14.9%, XNCR +8%, RMTI +4.7%, LEN +4.1%, NBRV +2.4%, GNFT +2.3%, CBAY +2.2%, ARQL +1.4%Gapping down:ABBV -5%, BYND -3.9%, AAXN -1.2%, MRTX -1.2%, MKTX -1.1%, EQT -1.1%, KRYS -0.5%06:07WIRES On The WiresU.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) announced that it has entered into an agreement with AmeriMex Motor & Controls, LLC., a subsidiary of Industrial Service Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, AmeriMex will provide electric motors exclusively to USWS as it relates to electric hydraulic fracturing.Ctrip (CTRP) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways at the Ctrip Headquarter in Shanghai. This MOU will enable Ctrip to work closely with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways on business development and joint promotional activities. This will help to accelerate Fiji's existing marketing activities in China.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Carna Biosciences Inc. announced that the companies have entered into a research and development collaboration to develop and commercialize small molecule compounds in immuno-oncology and to access Carna's proprietary lipid kinase drug discovery platform. Under the terms of the license agreement, Gilead will license from Carna worldwide rights to develop and commercialize inhibitors against an undisclosed immuno-oncology target. In connection with this agreement, Carna will receive an upfront payment of $20 million and is eligible to receive up to an additional $450 million in potential milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestones. Carna will also receive royalties on future net sales.Norbord Inc. (OSB) reported that its OSB mill in High Level, Alberta was cleared to restart, and safely resumed normal operations over the weekend. The MacKenzie County mandatory evacuation order and town of High Level evacuation alert were both lifted this afternoon and MacKenzie County remains under an evacuation alert. The curtailment is not expected to materially impact Norbord's second quarter results.ERYTECH Pharma (ERYP) announced that it has entered into an agreement with SQZ Biotechnologies, a cell therapy company developing novel treatments in multiple therapeutic areas, to advance novel RBC-based therapeutics for immune modulation. ERYTECH is eligible to receive up to $57 million in combined upfront and potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for the first product successfully developed by SQZ under this agreement. ERYTECH will also be eligible to receive sales royalties, and up to a total of $50 million in commercial milestone payments related to each additional approved product or approved indication.06:05LEN Lennar beats by $0.16, beats on revs (51.41 )Reports Q2 (May) earnings of $1.30 per share, $0.16 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.14; revenues rose 1.9% year/year to $5.56 bln vs the $5.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:03KRYS Krystal Biotech prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share (41.20 )06:01EQT EQT Corp.: Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT (15.38 )06:01WIRES On The WiresTaiwan Liposome Company, Ltd. (TLC) announced the signing of a development and license agreement with Birdie Biopharmaceuticals Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals Corp. Birdie and Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals are clinical stage biotech companies focused on the development of immunotherapy to treat cancer.Tilray Inc. (TLRY) announced it has imported medical cannabis oral solutions in bulk into the United Kingdom from its Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)-certified facility in Canada. This export allows Tilray to provide authorized U.K. patients in need with a locally maintained supply of medical cannabis oral solutions.Almirall, S.A. and Dermira, Inc. (DERM) announced that Almirall has exercised its option to license rights to develop and commercialize lebrikizumab for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and certain other indications in Europe. Almirall and Dermira previously entered into an option and license agreement in February 2019 pursuant to which Almirall was granted this exclusive option in exchange for an upfront option fee of $30 million. As a result of Almirall's decision to exercise its option, the company will pay Dermira $50 million, and Dermira will be eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, including $30 million in connection with the initiation of certain Phase 3 clinical studies.Amazon (AMZN) announced that this July, Amazon will provide Prime members worldwide the chance to get epic deals during its longest Prime Day ever. Prime Day starts at midnight PT on Monday, July 15 and -- for the first time ever -- runs for 48 hours, offering members two full days with more than one million deals around the world.Amcor plc (AMCR) announces it has entered into a binding agreement with Kohlberg & Company, for the sale of three former Bemis plants located in the United Kingdom and Ireland for cash consideration of USD 394 million (347 million). Collectively these three plants generate annual sales of approximately USD 170 million from the sale of flexible packaging for certain healthcare products. This divestment was required by the European Commission at the time of approving Amcor's acquisition of Bemis on 11 February 2019.06:00CS Credit Suisse announces the combination of its third party investment fund platform Credit Suisse InvestLab with Allfunds (11.66 )The agreement will create a global fund distribution platform with combined assets under administration of more than CHF 570 bln and distinct distribution competences. The combined business leverages the global wealth management footprint of Credit Suisse and the technological innovation of Allfunds, further enhancing the service offering to asset managers and distributors worldwide.The transaction comprises the transfer of all shares in Credit Suisse InvestLab, including the service agreements, and the related distribution agreements of Credit Suisse to Allfunds Group. As part of this combination, Credit Suisse will become a minority shareholder of up to 18% in the combined business and will be represented at the Board. Going forward, Credit Suisse will utilize the combined business platform to distribute mutual funds and ETFs.Upon the projected closing in Q3 2019, the transaction will have a limited regulatory capital benefit and is expected to result in a 0.5% RoTE uplift for the financial year 2019 for this transaction alone, all other things being equal.06:00BMWYY BMW Group steps up the pace of e-mobility expansion (24.12 )Co says sales of electrified vehicles to climb more than 30% per year up to 2025.Co is adjusting frequency to up the tempo of its electromobility expansion program. The company will now achieve the total of 25 electrified models previously announced for 2025 two years earlier, in 2023. Thanks to flexible vehicle architectures for fully-electric, plug-in hybrid and combustion engine drive trains, the company is able to respond quickly to changing conditions. More than half of the 25 models will be fully electric.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back in early tradeThe global equity markets are off to a slightly weaker start to begin the day. The markets appear to be trading with some caution and profit taking heading into the long awaited G-20 conference later this week. S&P Futures continue to be range bound. The index is trading around 2949, with the overnight high pegged at 2958.25, while the session low sits at 2942.25.In Asia, both China and Japan finished lower. The Shanghai gave up 0.9% that seemed more like profit taking after last week's run higher. There were also reports that President Trump talked down expectations for the G-20 summit. Japanese shares lost ground following media reports that President Trump is mulling a revamp of the long standing peace treaty with Japan, suggesting the state pick up more slack for its defense. Automotive and Export stocks saw weakness with names such as Toyota and Sony both losing 1% on the day. European bourses are doing very little this morning, under very slight pressure in correspondence with the US and Asia.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -1.010 yr Note: 2.02%USD/JPY: 107.09 -0.21EUR/USD: 1.1383 -0.0016Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX -0.1% CAC -0.1%Asia: Hang Seng -1.2% Shanghai -0.9% Nikkei -0.4%Gold (1432.90 +14.70) Silver (15.45 +0.07) Crude (57.91 +0.01)17:44FBK FB Financial to sell its Correspondent Lending channel to Rushmore Loan Management Services; expects the transaction to close early Q3 (35.08 -0.07)In addition to the $1.1 million restructuring expense reported for the first quarter of 2019, FB Financial expects to record additional restructuring charges of up to $1.5 million to cover transaction related expenses, severance and other items related to its mortgage operations. Excluding the impact of the mortgage restructuring charges noted above, FB Financial expects an increase in the operating results from its total mortgage operations in the second quarter of 2019 as compared to the first quarter of 2019. During the quarter the mortgage operations have experienced both strong origination volumes and elevated prepayments in the mortgage servicing rights portfolio.17:38FLR Fluor's Stork with its consortium partners was awarded a 4-year framework agreement for plant turnaround services by Ecopetrol (EC) (31.11 -0.95)The Colombia-based consortium includes Stork as the international lead partner, Rampint as the local partner in Barrancabermeja and Servimant as the local partner in Cartagena. The agreement also includes two extension options for an additional two years each. Both refineries supply fuel to meet Colombia's national and export product needs. Fluor booked the undisclosed contract value in the second quarter of 2019.17:30MDCO The Medicines Co also launched public offering of $150.0 mln of shares of common stock (35.36 -1.04)17:25MDCO The Medicines Co files mixed securities shelf offering (35.36 -1.04)16:54ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics will hold call on June 25 at 8 a.m. Eastern Time to provide top-line results from the SOLACE trial of topical ocular reproxalap in patients with noninfectious anterior uveitis (7.09 -0.34)16:49KRYS Krystal Biotech announces it has commenced $100 mln public offering of common stock; all shares will be sold by the company (41.20 +12.05)16:38ARQL ArQule also commences underwritten public offering of common stock (10.01 -0.48)There can be no assurances as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. Co intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to fund its core clinical programs and for general corporate purposes.16:35EHC Encompass Health makes minority equity investment in MedalogixMedalogix provides predictive analytics and data science for home health and hospice. Medalogix is assisting Encompass Health in preparing for the impending changes to the Patient-Driven Groupings Model, a new home health payment model for Medicare patients expected to take effect January 1, 2020.16:34ARQL ArQule files mixed securities shelf offering (10.01 -0.48)16:33CHS Chico's FAS issues open letter to shareholders announcing additional actions supporting corporate governance (3.32 -0.06)Board of Directors unanimously approves an amendment to company bylaws to opt out of Florida's control share acquisition statute bylaw amendment. This provides voting rights for all Chico's FAS shareholders and eliminates the need for a special meeting as recently requested by Sycamore Partners."To be clear, this bylaw amendment relates solely to voting rights; it does not speak to the merits of, or otherwise advance, Sycamore's unsolicited acquisition proposal, nor does it speak to whether the Company should engage with Sycamore on its proposal. As previously announced, Sycamore's June 19, 2019 proposal is being reviewed by the Board. On this point, we appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders for the Board's decision to reject Sycamore's May 10 acquisition proposal and the confidence expressed in our ability to improve the Company's growth and value creation. We also appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders over the past weeks for our new operating priorities and the improvements underway in these areas."16:32IBP Installed Building Products announces acquisition of Expert Insulation and Expert Insulation of Brainerd; terms not disclosed (54.29 +0.24)Founded in 1998, Expert Insulation serves the Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota markets through branch locations in Rochester and Brainerd, Minnesota. The company provides fiberglass and spray foam insulation installation services, as well as waterproofing services for commercial, residential, and multi-family customers. The acquisition adds approx. $12.0 mln of annual revenue. The company has also this quarter acquired an insulation installer in Pennsylvania with approx. $3.6 mln in annual revenues.16:28FRTA Forterra appoints Karl H. Watson, Jr. as CEO; reaffirms FY19 outlook (4.56 -0.04)Mr. Watson, who most recently served as EVP and COO at Summit Materials (SUM), succeeds Jeff Bradley, who has stepped down as CEO and a director to pursue other opportunities. The company continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance, most recently addressed in the company's earnings release for the first quarter of 2019. As stated on May 6, 2019, Forterra anticipates further strengthening in public infrastructure spending, continued positive pricing trends, and stabilizing input costs. The company remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow.16:21WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.2% on Monday, finishing near session lows in a day that showed little conviction from investors. With big gains already registered in June and the G-20 summit set to begin at the end of the week, the broader market appeared content trading little changed for most of the session.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.03%) finished fractionally higher, while the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.3%. The Russell 2000 underperformed with a loss of 1.3%.President Trump and President Xi are expected to partake in an extended meeting at G-20, which many see as a potential market-moving event. Although many analysts aren't expecting a swift resolution to the trade dispute this weekend, there is still optimism that progress can be made.It was a mixed session with six S&P 500 sectors finishing lower and five finishing higher. The energy sector (-0.9%) gave back some of its gains from last week, while the consumer discretionary sector (-0.5%) was dragged lower by many stocks within the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT 41.67, -0.65, -1.5%). The materials (+0.5%), consumer staples (+0.3%), and information technology (+0.2%) sectors provided offsetting support.The health care sector (-0.5%) was pressured by the insurance and hospital stocks after President Trump signed an executive order to make health care costs more transparent to patients. Shares of Bristol-Myers (BMY 45.68, -3.66, -7.4%) also underperformed amid a host of negative news, one of which included an announcement that its acquisition of Celgene (CELG 93.47, -5.44, -5.5%) will be pushed back to the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020.On a related note, President Trump signed a separate executive order, hitting Iran with new sanctions after it shot down a U.S. military drone last week. Market reaction was muted, as President Trump already indicated last week that more sanctions were coming.In M&A news, Caesars Entertainment (CZR 11.44, +1.45, +14.5%) confirmed it will be acquired by Eldorado Resorts (ERI 45.77, -5.45, -10.6%) for $12.75/share in cash and stock, or approximately $8.6 billion.U.S. Treasuries finished on a higher note, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined five basis points to 2.02%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 96.00 for its fourth consecutive decline. WTI crude increased 0.8% to $57.82/bbl.Investors did not receive any economic data on Monday. On Tuesday, investors will receive New Home Sales for May, the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April.Nasdaq Composite +20.7% YTDS&P 500 +17.5% YTDRussell 2000 +13.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +14.6% YTD16:20GNFT Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China (shares halted) (20.22 +0.02)Terns will have the rights to develop and commercialize elafibranor, GENFIT's proprietary compound, in Greater China, for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Under the terms of the licensing agreement, GENFIT will receive an upfront payment from Terns of $35 mln and will be eligible to receive up to $193 mln in potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments. Terns obtains the exclusive rights to develop, register, and market elafibranor in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan for both NASH and PBC. Upon commercial launch of elafibranor for the treatment of NASH in Greater China, GENFIT will be entitled to receive mid-teen percentage royalties from Terns based on sales in the territory. The two companies will also collaborate on research and development moving forward in NASH and PBC.16:17IART Integra promotes Glenn Coleman to COO and appoints Carrie Anderson as CFO, effective June 24 (53.24 -0.05)Mr. Coleman most recently served as CFO and corporate vice president, responsible for Integra's international business. The role of COO is a newly-created position at the company. Ms. Anderson most recently served as chief accounting officer and corporate controller at Dover Corporation (DOV).16:17EZPW EZCORP acquires seven pawn stores in Nevada operating under "Metro Pawn" banner (9.41 +0.30)Co announces that it has completed the acquisition of seven pawn stores in Nevada, bringing the company's total store count in the state to 24. The acquired stores, operating under the name "Metro Pawn," include five stores in the Reno area, representing the company's entry into the Las Vegas area, giving the company a total of 19 stores in that market.The acquisition was completed earlier today, and the purchase price was paid in cash.16:13STRO Sutro Biopharma appoints retired Biogen Idec (BIIB) EVP Connie Matsui as Chairman (11.68 -0.19)16:11GNFT Genfit trading halted, news pending (20.22 +0.02)16:11EVFM Evofem Biosciences files for 13,888,891 share common stock offering by holders including 2,777,779 shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants (6.67 -0.26)16:04NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin (2.10 -0.11)The EMA has determined that the company's MAA for intravenous and oral formulations of lefamulin, a potentially first-in-class, semi-synthetic pleuromutilin antibiotic for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia in adults 18 years of age and older, is valid. Validation of the MAA confirms that the submission is sufficiently complete to begin the formal review process. An opinion of the EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use is anticipated in the next 12 to 15 months.16:04GLDD Great Lakes Dredge & Dock announces receipt of dredging awards totaling $91 mln (10.51 -0.38)The scope of work for the coastal protection projects includes nourishment of beachfronts with sand excavated from off-shore borrow which is then used to rebuild dunes and restore the shorelines eroded by winter storms.The projects will be executed in the second half of 2019 and into 2020 and will be performed by hopper dredges with a minimal disruption to the local communities with a view to increasing the resilience of our coastal environments to challenges from rising sea levels.16:01MRTX Mirati Therapeutics commenced underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock (100.75 -0.69)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: June 25, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ETBriefing.comJune 25, 2019 Tuesday 5:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 18847 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 25-Jun-19 17:00 ET16:58MU Micron on Conference Call- Sees revenue in the range of $4.3-4.7 bln, S&P Capital IQ consensus $4.558 bln ; Sees EPS in the range of $0.38=0.52, Cap IQ consensus $0.7016:42BBVA Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria files mixed securities shelf offering (5.52 -0.05)16:31GBCI Glacier Bancorp increases quarterly dividend to $0.27/share from $0.26/share (39.22 -0.09)16:29INXN InterXion announces public offering of 4 mln common shares (75.11 -0.40)16:26CRCM Care.com CFO Michael Echenberg tenders his resignation, effective on August 30, 2019 (14.09 +0.18)The company expects that Michael Goss, the company's Vice President of Finance, will be appointed acting Chief Financial Officer of the company upon the effectiveness of Mr. Echenberg's resignation. Mr. Echenberg will assist in the transition of the Chief Financial Officer role until his departure from the company.16:25CRTO Criteo COO Mollie Spilman resigns effective July 5 to pursue a new career opportunity (17.96 -0.11)Ms. Spilman has decided to leave the company to pursue a new career opportunity. She will continue with the company through the end of 2Q19 and depart on July 5, 2019. With Ms. Spilman's departure, CEO JB Rudelle will directly manage the sales and operations teams to ensure faster execution of Criteo's transformation plan.16:22LILA Liberty Latin America proposes offering of $350 mln aggregate principle amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in private placement (18.08 -0.51)Liberty Latin America expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund the cost of certain capped call transactions and to use the remaining funds for other general corporate purposes.16:20BIG Big Lots appoints Jonathan Ramsden as EVP-Chief Financial and Administrative Officer effective August 5; reaffirms Q2 / FY EPS and sales guidance (27.78 +0.31)Mr. Ramsden will succeed Timothy A. Johnson, who will transition away from his roles effective August 5, 2019, to pursue other opportunities in the for-profit and not-for-profit arenas. Mr. Johnson has agreed to continue in an advisory role through Labor Day to provide the opportunity for a smooth transition for the business. Mr. Ramsden spent over seven years with Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF), joining as Chief Financial Officer in 2008 and later serving as the company's Chief Operating Officer. In connection with today's announcement, Big Lots reaffirmed its financial forecast for the second quarter and full year of fiscal 2019, as previously disclosed on May 31, 2019. Prior Guidance: Q2 EPS of $0.35-0.45 vs. $0.42 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and FY20 EPS of $3.70-3.85 vs. $3.78 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:20HFFG HF Foods enters into merger agreement with B&R Global Holdings, a food wholesaler and distributor for Asian restaurants (25.27 +1.25)Co and B&R Global Holdings announce that they have entered into a merger agreement pursuant to which they will combine their operations. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, at the closing of the merger, B&R Global Holdings will merge into HFFF's wholly owned subsidiary, resulting in B&R Global Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HF Foods.HFFG will issue approximately 30.7 mln of its shares of common stock to the former shareholders of B&R Global Holdings as consideration for the transaction.The combined business will serve in excess of 10,000 restaurants in 21 states and had revenues in excess of $800 mln in 2018.16:20WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 lost 1.0% on Tuesday, as subdued expectations for next month's Fed rate decision and the upcoming G-20 summit contributed to a risk-off mindset. Shares of technology companies, particularly the mega-cap stocks, underperformed the broader market.The Nasdaq Composite lost 1.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.7%, and the Russell 2000 lost 0.6%.St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter), who was the lone dissident in this month's FOMC meeting, said he didn't think it was necessary to cut the fed funds rate by 50 basis points. Instead, he favored a 25 basis points reduction, viewing it as an "insurance" cut.This stance from one of the Fed's most vocal doves, in addition to comments from Fed Chair Powell, tempered the market's hopes for a 50 basis points cut next month. Fed Chair Powell reminded the market that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swings in sentiment.Expectations for the upcoming G-20 summit were also lowered after a White House official told Reuters that the U.S. will not accept any new tariff conditions and that the U.S. is not willing to concede to the Chinese on trade. The goal is to simply reopen talks, which was not the constructive tone the market was anticipating.These subdued expectations, along with some disappointing economic data, contributed to some broad-based profit taking in equities. Ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower, led by the mega-cap stocks within the information technology (-1.8%), communication services (-1.6%), and consumer discretionary (-1.1%) sectors. The materials sector was unchanged.Regarding economic data, new home sales for May and consumer sentiment for June both declined below expectations. On a related note, home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.22, -3.19, -6.2%) provided investors with downside Q3 guidance.In M&A news, the health care sector (-0.4%) was home to a mega-merger deal on Tuesday. AbbVie (ABBV 65.70, -12.75, -16.3%) announced it will acquire Allergan (AGN 162.43, +32.86, +25.4%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie losing over 16%, the premium was reduced to 37% over AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries finished on a mostly higher note. The 2-yr yield was unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.99%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 96.16. WTI crude was unchanged at $57.81/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).Looking ahead, investors will receive the following reports on Wednesday: Durable Goods Orders for May, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and the Advance reports for International Trade in Goods, Retail Inventories, and Wholesales Inventories for May.Nasdaq Composite +18.8% YTDS&P 500 +16.4% YTDRussell 2000 +12.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.8% YTD16:19FDX FedEx beats by $0.18, reports revs in-line, guides FY20 EPS below consensus (156.01 -4.90)Reports Q4 (May) earnings of $5.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.18 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $4.83; revenues rose 2.8% year/year to $17.81 bln vs the $17.85 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q4 was hurt by lower FedEx International Priority package and freight revenues at FedEx Express, higher costs at FedEx Ground and business realignment costs primarily associated with the U.S.-based voluntary employee buyout program. Partially offsetting these factors were the benefits from US volume growth, increased revenue per shipment at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground, lower variable incentive compensation expenses and a favorable net impact of fuel at all transportation segments.Outlook: Co guides to FY20 non-GAAP EPS being a mid-single-digit percentage point decline (prior to the year-end MTM retirement plan accounting adjustment and excluding estimated TNT Express integration expenses). Current consensus is at $16.16, and FY19 actual was $15.52. So consensus is estimating 4% EPS growth, so the guidance of a mid-single-digit decline is a good bit below consensus estimates.16:19JAZZ Jazz Pharma will host webcast on July 2 at 4:30 p.m. EDT to provide investors with an update on Sunosi (136.50 +5.19)Sunosi (solriamfetol) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on March 20, 2019 to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Sunosi is the first dual-acting dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved to treat excessive daytime sleepiness in adults living with narcolepsy or OSA. Beginning early July, Sunosi will be commercially available in the U.S. following the recent scheduling decision by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency.16:19GBT Global Blood Therapeutics announces public offering of approx. $200.0 mln of shares of its common stock (62.43 -0.86)GBT intends to use proceeds to fund its clinical development of voxelotor for the treatment of sickle cell disease. GBT may also use a portion of the net proceeds to in-license, acquire or invest in new business, technology or assets, although it has no material agreements, commitments, or understandings in place.16:18PGRE Paramount Group enters into agreement to acquire 55 Second Street ni San Francisco for $408 mln (14.23 -0.15)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 55 Second Street, a 387,000 square foot office building located in San Francisco's South Financial District, for approximately $408 mln or $1,054 per square foot.The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, is expected to close in 3Q19. In connection with the transaction, the company expects to bring in a joint venture partner prior to closing.The property is currently 87.4% leased primarily to accounting, legal and technology tenants.16:17CFMS ConforMIS has secured up to $30 mln in debt financing from Innovatus Capital Partners and East West Bank and $3 mln in equity financing from Innovatus (3.84 -0.03)In addition, Innovatus purchased $3 million of the Company's common stock from the Company at the previous day's closing price.16:16APLE Apple Hospitality REIT appoints Rachael Rothman to position of Executive Vice President and CFO, effective July 1, 2019 (15.70 -0.02)Ms. Rothman will succeed Bryan Peery as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As previously announced, Mr. Peery plans to retire from the company in 1Q20. Mr. Peery will continue as Executive Vice President and, effective July 1, 2019, will become Chief Accounting Officer for the company.16:16COWN Cowen Group names CEO Jeffrey Solomon as Chairman (16.63 +0.35)Outgoing Chairman Jerome S. Markowitz is now serving as Lead Independent Director.16:14MU Micron --CORRECTION-- MU beat by 26 cents; we previously reported the GAAP number which was a 5 cent miss; guidance will be released shortly with a conference call starting at 4:30pm ET; we have corrected the original comment16:14INXN InterXion files for ordinary share shelf offering (75.10 -0.44)16:13AVAV AeroVironment beats by $0.02, beats on revs; guides FY20 EPS in-line, revs in-line (61.31 -0.61)Reports Q4 (Apr) earnings of $0.26 per share, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.24; revenues fell 25.1% year/year to $87.9 mln vs the $82.57 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross margin decreased to 42% from 45%. The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to the decrease in sales volume and an increase in the proportion of service revenue to total revenue.As of April 30, 2019, funded backlog was $164.3 mln compared to $164.4 mln as of April 30, 2018.Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $1.47-$1.67 vs. $1.64 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $350-$370 mln vs. $360.50 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:06PDLI PDL BioPharma announces resignation of CFO, effective August 15, 2019 (3.08 +0.09)Co announces the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Peter Garcia, who will be leaving the company effective August 15, 2019. He will continue in his role through the filing of the company's second quarter 10-Q in August and is committed to ensure a smooth transition of duties.16:06PRTK Paratek Pharma promotes Evan Loh, M.D. to CEO, effective June 25 (3.76 -0.02)Dr. Loh has nearly 20 years of experience as a senior executive in the pharmaceutical industry, most recently serving as Paratek's Chief Operating Officer since January 2017 and as President and Chief Medical Officer and member of the Board of Directors since June 2014. Michael Bigham, who has served as Paratek's Chairman and CEO since 2014, will remain active with the company in the newly created role of Executive Chairman.16:05MU Micron beats by $0.26, beats on revs; Seeing early signs of demand improvement but will reduce 2020 CapEx spend (32.68 -0.51)Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $1.05 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.26 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues fell 38.6% year/year to $4.79 bln vs the $4.7 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Micron's improved competitive position and strong execution helped us deliver solid results despite a challenging environment," said Micron Technology President and CEO Sanjay Mehrotra. "While we are seeing early signs of demand improvement, we plan to reduce our capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 to help improve industry supply-demand balance."16:03SSTK Shutterstock announces that Co-Chief Operating Officer and CFO will depart; co's Chief Accounting Officer appointed to fill role of Interim CFO (39.62 -0.89)Co-Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Steven Berns will depart from his roles at SSTK to pursue other opportunities, effective immediately. Mr. Berns' departure is not due to a dispute or any matter relating to the company's accounting and financial policies and operations. The company's Chief Accounting Officer, Steve Ciardiello has been appointed to the role of interim Chief Financial Officer until a successor has been named. Mr. Ciardiello will also continue in his existing role as Chief Accounting Officer. SSTK also announces that Stan Pavlovsky, who had been serving as Co-Chief Operating Officer and Head of Strategic Operations, has been named President and Chief Operating Officer.16:01ODT Odonate Therapeutics commences underwritten public offering of $100 mln common stock (28.12 +0.04)15:49SCS Steelcase discloses entry into stock repurchase agreement with an independent third party broker under which the broker is authorized to repurchase up to 1.5 mln shares of common stock on behalf of the Company between June 26-December 26 (16.03 +0.46)The shares will be purchased pursuant to the Company's previously announced share repurchase program.15:44SUMRX Closing Commodities: Oil and gold settle the day flat: API oil data out after the closeMetals Settlement Prices:Aug gold settled today's session $0.30 higher at $1418.45/ozJuly silver settled today's session $0.08 lower (-0.5%) at $15.29/ozSept copper settled $0.02 higher (+0.7%) at $2.73/lbAgriculture Settlement Prices:July corn settled unch at $4.52/bushelJuly wheat settled $0.03 lower (-0.6%) at $5.40/bushelJuly soybeans settled $0.06 lower (-0.7%) at $9.08/bushelEnergy Settlement Prices:July Crude Oil futures fell $0.01 to $57.81/barrelJuly Natural Gas settles unch at $2.28/MMBtuJuly RBOB Gasoline settled $0.02 higher (+1.1%) at $1.83/gallonJuly Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (+0.5%) at $1.93/gallon15:37SAFM Sanderson Farms issues statement, says has not been subpoenaed in connection with Department of Justice investigation (131.62 -2.38)"The United States Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday, June 21, 2019, in In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation stating that it is conducting a criminal investigation regarding the broiler industry. The Company has not been subpoenaed in connection with the Department of Justice investigation. The Company continues to believe the civil plaintiffs' claims as to Sanderson Farms are wholly without merit, and we are committed to defending the case vigorously."15:27SUMRX Earnings Confirmed for this afternoon and tomorrow morningEarnings out this afternoon: AVAV FDX MU SNXEarnings out tomorrow morning: ATU BB GIS INFO PAYX SCHN UNF15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb AgainU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a mostly higher note, but not before seeing some intraday volatility. Treasuries started the cash session just above yesterday's closing levels, spending the first hour of the action in a narrow range. The opening gains were extended amid early weakness on the equity side, with Treasuries rising to highs after the release of weaker than expected New Home Sales for May (actual 626,000; Briefing.com consensus 683,000) and weaker than expected Consumer Confidence for June (actual 121.5; Briefing.com consensus 132.0). Midday action saw a pullback from highs, as the market responded to speeches from St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Fed Chairman Jay Powell. The St. Louis Fed President was up first, and while he said that this is a good time for an "insurance cut", he ruled out the need for a 50-basis point cut. Fed Chairman Powell struck a similar tone, noting that the outlook has changed since early May, but monetary policy should not overreact to short-term swings in sentiment. The midday pullback was most visible in shorter tenors while the long bond remained near its high until the close. Today's $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction was met with strong demand. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 96.13, recording its first gain in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: -1 bp to 1.68% 5-yr: -2 bps to 1.73% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.99% 30-yr: -2 bps to 2.53%News: The implied probability of a 50-bps rate cut at the July meeting decreased to 36.4% from 42.6% after today's speeches from FOMC voters Bullard and Powell. Reuters reported that President Trump will meet with China's President Xi Jinping in Japan on Saturday. U.S. envoy to NATO, Kay Bailey Hutchinson, reiterated that Turkey will be excluded from the F-35 program if the country takes delivery of a Russian-made anti-aircraft weapon system. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. The new British Prime Minister will be named on July 23. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. $40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.695% (2.572%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58 (2.63) Indirect bid: 48.5% (46.3%) Direct bid: 24.2% (15.6%) Today's Data: New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April. The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017. The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook. The FHFA Housing Price Index increased 0.4% in April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) after increasing 0.1% in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index increased 2.5% in April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) after increasing a revised 2.6% (from 2.7%) in March. Commodities: WTI crude: UNCH at $57.81/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1418.45/ozt Copper: +0.7% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1373 GBP/USD: -0.3% to 1.2696 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8842 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior -3.4%) 8:30 ET: May Durable Orders (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior -2.1%) and Durable Orders ex-transportation (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.0%), May Advance International Trade in Goods (prior -$72.10 bln), May Advance Retail Inventories (prior 0.5%), and May Advance Wholesale Inventories (prior 0.7%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior -3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $41 bln 5-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 11:30 ET: San Francisco Fed President (non-voter) Mary Daly15:09SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Allergan (AGN) rises on premium acquisition by AbbVie (ABBV) in the latest major combination for the pharmaceutical sector -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersAGN (163.57 +26.24%): To be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) in a cash-and-stock deal with a transaction equity value of approx. $63 bln, based on ABBV's closing price of $78.45 yesterday; co's shareholders will receive 0.8660 ABBV shares and $120.30/share in cash for each AGN share held. The transaction represents a premium of +45% relative to co's closing price yesterday. Co's shareholders will own approx. 17% of AbbVie on a fully diluted basis following the closing of the acquisition. Shares reach their highest levels since November. ELAN (34.67 +3.4%): Various pharmaceutical companies and other healthcare names see strength in the wake of the AbbVie/Allergan deal. CAG (29.02 +3.27%): Posts moderate gains a few days in advance of its next quarterly results, which will be reported before the open on Thursday; in recent press, co today announced several product expansions for its Healthy Choice and Birds Eye brands. Consumer staples sector sees modest relative strength.Large Cap LosersABBV (66.04 -15.83%): Acquiring Allergan (AGN), as detailed above. Co sees the deal as providing immediate scale and profitability to its growth platform and significantly expanding and diversifying its global commercial scale and revenue base with new therapeutic areas, including medical aesthetics. Co expects the acquisition to provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 bln in year three as a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, reducing overlapping R&D resources, and driving SG&A efficiencies, among other factors. It is expected to be 10% accretive to adj. EPS over the first full year, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. Annual combined revenue for 2019 is estimated at approx. $48 bln. Sinks to two-year lows. SHOP (284.44 -8.78%): Downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush, citing valuation; the firm also increased co's price target to $305. The stock, which reached new all-time highs last week a bit shy of $340 and which continues to hold gains of circa +105% year-to-date, was also downgraded yesterday at ROTH Capital and last week at CIBC. ATHM (82.13 -7.73%): Chinese stocks generally underperform, with the Shanghai Composite Index having today ended a streak of gaining action, as the crucial G-20 meeting looms. (Related: TME, CTRP...)14:57TALKX Market Briefing: Re-thinking some bullish-minded mattersThe major indices have extended today's losses, pressured by a reality check that its most hopeful outlook isn't going to be satisfied in the near term.To that end, St. Louis Fed President Bullard -- the lone dissenter at the recent FOMC meeting and most ardent dove on the FOMC -- said today that he thinks a rate cut is coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50 basis points rate cut is necessary at the July 30-31 meeting. Fed Chair Powell didn't say anything either in a speech today to stoke expectations that the Fed is leaning at this juncture toward a 50 basis points cut at the July meeting.The other selling catalyst has been acknowledgment from White House officials that the goal for the G-20 meeting is to reopen trade talks, but that the U.S. will not accept any tariff conditions. That could be a stumbling block right out of the gate for China, which wants the U.S. to roll back existing tariffs. Separately, there was also an acknowledgment from White House officials that the trade talks could go on for months or years, which left an impression that the trade spat could be a prolonged one.Up to this point, there was some budding hope that the U.S. and China wil at least agree to forestall new tariff actions at this weekend's meeting. That's possible, but clearly, no guarantee has been given.Effectively, then, a short-term overbought market is finding reason to consolidate some strong June gains that were helped along in part by a hope the G-20 Summit would strike a constructive tone and that the Fed would cut rates by 50 basis pints in July. Those views are being called into question today, however, which is leading to the broad-based selling interest.The Russell 2000 is down 0.5%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.6%; the S&P 500 is down 0.8%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.5%.13:51FDX FedEx to report this evening (157.17 -3.73)FedEx (FDX 157.17, -3.73, -2.3%) will report its Q4 results after today's closing bell, followed by the management's conference call at 17:30 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the company to report an 18.3% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $4.83 on a 3.1% yr/yr increase in revenue to $17.85 bln. Last quarter, FedEx reported weaker than expected results and lowered its guidance to account for a slowing global economy. The weak outlook briefly pressured the stock, but FedEx was able to climb to a fresh 2019 high in mid-April. However, that push was followed by a return to the December low earlier this month. Continued relative strength in the U.S. economy should support FedEx's domestic business, but the international segment could see softness associated with slowing growth in Asia and Europe. FedEx's international segment accounts for roughly 30% of revenue. The company has had a difficult time integrating TNT Express into its business. Investors have known about this issue for a while, so any improvement on this front would be a positive. South China Morning Post reported today that the Chinese government may put FedEx on its list of unreliable foreign entities. Global Times speculated about this possibility on Sunday.FedEx trades at 9.9x forward earnings expectations, which represents a discount to UPS's (UPS 97.47, -2.25, -2.3%) 12.9x forward multiple.Editor's note: A previous version of this comment included the GAAP EPS estimate instead of the non-GAAP estimate. The comment has been corrected.13:50SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Brighthouse Financial (BHF) sinks on analyst downgrades -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTEVA (8.8 +6.67%): Various biotech/pharma names move higher following AbbVie's (ABBV) premium acquisition of pharmaceutical peer Allergan (AGN). (Related: JAZZ, MYL...) GRUB (76.18 +5.52%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and price target raised to $91 at Citigroup, citing factors including co's continued gains in gross food sales and reports that co is in early tests with certain large chains. Posts three-month highs.SAM (361.78 +3.59%): Now up by circa +7% over the past week, the stock today achieves a new all-time high on slightly above average volume.Mid Cap LosersBHF (33.63 -11.78%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman, which lowers co's target to $32 from $39, and to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse, which cuts co's price target to $22 from $35, with both firms calling attention to sources of pressure to co's capital plans. Drops to five-month lows.UNIT (9.88 -7.58%): In recent items, co announced the planned offering by its subsidiary Uniti Fiber Holdings, Inc. of $300 mln aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2024, and it signaled that it has entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to extend the maturity date of its revolving credit facility. Co also yesterday announced that PEG Bandwidth Holdings, the holder of co's 3.00% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, has elected to convert all of its shares.JOBS (69.88 -6.18%): Dropped to its lowest levels since December in early trade; though now well off those morning lows, the stock continues to underperform on more than 3x average volume, lagging alongside Chinese peers generally ahead of the weekend's G-20 meeting. (Related: HUYA, LX, BZUN...)13:32OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:BHC Jul 24 calls (volume: 7970, open int: 100, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 36%). Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.ATVI Jun 46.5 calls (volume: 6230, open int: 990, implied vol: ~41%, prev day implied vol: 38%). Co is expected to report earnings early August.MCD Jun 207.5 calls (volume: 5030, open int: 1490, implied vol: ~16%, prev day implied vol: 2%). Co is confirmed to report earnings July 26 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HRL Sep 42.5 puts (volume: 4060, open int: 10, implied vol: ~24%, prev day implied vol: 22%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.92, VIX: (16.12, +0.86, +5.6%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:16SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (68) outpacing new lows (59) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ABT, AEM, AGCO, AGI, AJRD, ANIP, AON, ARQL, ATO, AU, BFAM, BHP, BKH, BLL, CL, CMS, CNMD, DTE, EL, FCFS, GFI, GNRC, HIG, HMY, IT, JCI, KGC, KL, MAA, NEE, NVS, PG, PNM, RARX, RGLD, RSG, SAM, SAND, SBUX, SE, STE, SYK, TMO, TRV, V, WM, WTR, YUM, BEP, EDD, EMD, FNV, GBT, GOLD, MMT, NAD, NEA, NG, NZF, PVG, QSR, SHV, SHY, SLQD, UTF, VCSH, VGIT, VGMStocks that traded to 52 week lows: ABEO, ACLS, ADS, AERI, AFI, AHT, AMAG, AMC, ANAB, ANGI, AR, ASNA, ATRA, BNFT, CNX, CUK, DF, ECOM, MR, ENDP, EPC, EQT, EROS, GHL, GPRE, GTE, AMRX, KR, KSS, MATW, MYGN, OMN, QUAD, RAD, RYAM, RYTM, SBH, SCOR, SEMG, SFM, SFNC, SFUN, SIG, SKT, SPN, TV, TX, UNFI, URGN, VICR, WDR, WWW, ABBV, AVYA, CCL, ENR, GTT, IGT, WPGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: BFZ, EHI, GHY, MOSC, MUA, WIWThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CEL, SHIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: BWX, ENZL, FXY, GDX, GDXJ, GLD, HYD, IAU, MUB, SHY13:15TALKX Market Briefing: Fed Chair Powell also tempering market's scope of rate-cut hopes?In a speech on the Economic Outlook and Monetary Policy Review given at the Council of Foreign Relations today, Fed Chair Powell said much of what he said last week following the FOMC meeting.In that sense, one could see it as a dovish speech. The problem today perhaps is that Fed Chair Powell's remarks didn't necessarily make it clear that the Fed is inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at the July meeting.That sense of matters is wrapped up in the following two observations made in the speech:"Against the backdrop of heightened uncertainties, the baseline outlook of my FOMC colleagues, like that of many other forecasters, remains favorable, with unemployment remaining near historic lows.""But we are also mindful that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swing in sentiment."This speech followed on the heels of St. Lois Fed President Bullard saying that he thought a rate cut would be coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.Accordingly, the Powell speech served as another focal point that tempered the market's growing, and pent-up, hope that the Fed would cut by 50 basis points at the July 30-31 meeting. It could still if events, and data, unfold in the interim that suggest such a cut is necessary, but for now, there appear to be some emerging hints in the Fed commentary that suggest the market is probably getting greedy with the expectation that a 50 basis points cut is on the way.13:09SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ABBV (57.23 mln -15.46%), AGN (23.25 mln +26.5%), TEVA (21.69 mln +7.27%), BMY (14.02 mln +0.45%)Materials: GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), KGC (14.76 mln -2.78%), HMY (12.99 mln -5.16%)Industrials: GE (20.66 mln -0.68%)Consumer Discretionary: CZR (57.76 mln +2.27%)Information Technology: AMD (29.78 mln -0.38%), NOK (17.49 mln -0.79%), MSFT (15.84 mln -2.75%), MU (14.28 mln +1.27%)Financials: BAC (27.1 mln -0.66%), ITUB (15.37 mln -1.11%), BBD (13.41 mln -1.52%)Energy: CHK (31 mln -4.97%), SWN (13.3 mln -5.57%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: ABBV (11.7x -15.46%), AGN (7.08x +26.5%), XNCR (4.81x +13.29%), ATRS (4.04x +4.97%), ARQL (2.12x +9.89%)Materials: HMY (2.69x -5.16%), NG (2.25x -0.72%)Industrials: JOBS (3.46x -6.48%), DOOR (3.21x +2.21%)Consumer Discretionary: LEN (3.7x -5.74%), ERI (3.7x -3.87%), CZR (2.79x +2.27%), GRUB (2.19x +5.07%)Information Technology: SCSC (2.96x +2.61%)Financials: VMBS (6.89x +0.03%), VCIT (4.42x -0.01%), BHF (4.18x -13.12%), AEF (2.54x -0.27%)Energy: TOO (3.59x -1.72%)Utilities: ENIC (3x +0.84%)13:08SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: AGN (163.9 +26.5%), XNCR (38.37 +13.29%), RUBY (15.11 +10.21%), ARQL (11 +9.89%), TEVA (8.85 +7.27%), ENDP (3.84 +6.96%), DNLI (20.95 +6.72%), RARX (27.94 +6.56%), INO (2.57 +5.99%), PGNX (5.5 +5.36%)Industrials: GBX (28.96 +7.06%), TGI (19.74 +5.9%)Energy: MDR (8.79 +6.93%), LPI (2.9 +5.84%), OIS (17.94 +5.65%), GLOG (13.89 +5.63%)Consumer Staples: USNA (79.15 +9.41%), RAD (6.78 +7.62%), SPTN (11.53 +5.83%), ELF (13.87 +5.8%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ABBV (66.33 -15.46%), EPZM (13.54 -10.48%)Industrials: JOBS (69.66 -6.48%)Consumer Discretionary: RGS (16.56 -6.76%), SCVL (26.5 -5.96%)Information Technology: GTT (18.52 -7.26%), GSKY (12.15 -6.22%), UPLD (44 -6.13%), SHOP (292.83 -6.09%)Financials: BHF (33.12 -13.12%), HIIQ (24.05 -7.96%), JT (4.08 -6.63%)Consumer Staples: DF (0.97 -6.21%)13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.695% (When-Issued: 1.705%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58Indirect bid: 48.5% Direct bid: 24.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stock market trades lower in front of Powell commentsThe S&P 500 is down 0.5%, as shares of technology companies weigh on the broader market. Investors have shown some caution, buying into U.S. Treasuries, in front of an appearance from Fed Chair Powell at the top of the hour.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.9%. The Russell 2000 is up 0.1% after underperforming yesterday.Mr. Powell's position as Fed Chair usually commands the most attention, but the market has taken a leg lower in recent action after St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter) said a half-point cut in the fed funds rate would be too much. Instead, Mr. Bullard prefers a quarter-point cut.Economic data released today has provided some insight into the housing sector and consumer sentiment that has also disappointed investors. New homes sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000), and the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0).Today's action has been largely risk-off, which is being reflected across losses in nine of the 11 S&P 500 sectors. Leading today's retreat are the S&P 500 communication services (-1.4%), information technology (-1.2%), and consumer discretionary (-0.7%) sectors. The materials (+0.1%) and real estate (+0.02%) sectors cling onto slim gains.Home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.33, -3.13, -6.1%) has also contributed to the cautious sentiment after it issued downside Q3 guidance, discouraging investors after it provided positive quarterly results earlier in the day.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space. Allergan (AGN 164.00, +34.41, +26.6%) confirmed it will be acquired by pharmaceutical company AbbVie (ABBV 66.33, -12.12, -15.5%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie currently down over 15%, the deal represents a 37% premium to AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries have advanced, pushing the benchmark 10-yr yield down three basis points to 1.99%, as investors remain cautious about the economic outlook. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 96.21.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).12:48TALKX Market Briefing: Bullard reins in scope of rate-cut expectationsThe stock market has hit an air pocket, moving to its lows for the session, following comments from St. Louis Fed President Bullard (FOMC voter) who said he sees a rate cut coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.This remark caused some knee-jerk selling interest, as there has been a growing belief that the Fed will be inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at its July 30-31 FOMC meeting. The fact that one of the Fed's biggest doves -- if not the biggest -- is seemingly trying to rein in the market's rate-cut hopes has taken some of that rate-cut premium out of stock prices.As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell has a speaking engagement at 1:00 p.m. ET.The Russell 2000 is down 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.5%; the S&P 500 is down 0.6%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.12:00MSFT Microsoft hit by profit-taking interest (134.79 -2.99)Shares of Dow component Microsoft (MSFT 134.56, -3.22, -2.3%), which is also the largest stock by market capitalization, are underperforming today. That has to do in large part with how the stock has outperformed since June 3.Entering today, Microsoft was up 15% since June 3 (i.e. the day before Fed Chair Powell said the Fed would act appropriately to sustain the expansion) versus a 7.3% gain for the S&P 500 and a 9.2% gain for the Nasdaq Composite.A 15% move in a stock the size of Microsoft is a massive move and left shares of MSFT 21% above their 200-day moving average. The basis for today's selling, then, is a pullback from a short-term overbought condition.That condition was brought to light today by the analyst at Jefferies who raised his price target to $90 from $80, but maintained an Underperform rating and called the stock "materially overvalued."It won't be lost on investors that MSFT has defied the Jefferies view of the stock's prospects in a big way leading into today; nonetheless, with the broader market in a consolidation mode in front of the G-20 summit, the Jefferies view today looks to have served as another profit-taking catalyst.11:45SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -0.27%, FTSE +0.13%, CAC -0.05%---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.03%Germany's DAX: -0.27%U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.13%France's CAC 40: -0.05%Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.73%Spain's IBEX 35: -0.24%11:41SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Xencor (XNCR) rises on addition to S&P SmallCap 600 index -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersXNCR (38.25 +12.92%): Co will take the place of HFF Inc. (HF) in the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 2, upon that company's pending acquisition by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). At five-month highs. KRYS (45.8 +11.15%): Continued strength following updates from trials of KB103. Co also announced a public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock priced at $40.00/share, for gross proceeds of approx. $100.0 mln. Extends to further all-time highs. USNA (77.05 +6.51%): Designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 1, replacing Fidelity Southern (LION) upon its acquisition by by Ameris Bancorp (ABCB).Small Cap LosersFRTA (4.10 -10.20%): Announced that its CEO, Jeff Bradley, has stepped down as CEO and as one of co's directors in order to pursue other opportunities; co has appointed Karl H. Watson, Jr., most recently COO of Summit Materials (SUM), has been appointed to succeed Mr. Bradley. Co also announced the appointment of John McPherson as Lead Director and non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board, a newly created role, and noted that it "continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance" and that it "remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow." At two-month lows.EPZM (13.8 -8.72%): Tracks lower after spiking to a new 52-week high near yesterday's open and after having netted gains of circa +29% last week, bolstered by interim data for tazemetostat.SCOR (6.87 -7.66%): Sees continued weakness, down by circa 17% in the most recent three sessions. News items for co in recent days include its announcement of an agreement with an institutional investor for a $20 mln private placement of common stocks and warrants with potential to increase to approx. $50 mln and its announcement of a strategic partnership with MediaScience to research cross-platform advertising. Recent sector news included LiveRamp's (RAMP) acquisition, announced yesterday, of media measurement company Data Plus Math for a total consideration of $150 mln. Posts all-time lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 2.125% Bid-to-cover: 2.75 Indirect bid: 46.6% Direct bid: 27.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%11:20GIS General Mills Fourth Quarter Earnings Preview (53.87 +0.20)General Mills (GIS) will report fourth quarter earnings tomorrow before the open. There is a conference call scheduled for 8:30 ET. Q4 Capital IQ consensus calls for EPS of $0.76 (-4% yr/yr) on revenue of $4.24 bln (+8.8% yr/yr). The company is expected to guide for FY20 where consensus stands at $3.31 (-4.8% yr/yr) and $17.3 bln for revenues (+1.6% yr/yr).Looking back, the company beat on EPS four times in a row, but missed on revenues four times in a row. GIS shares increased 3% following its Q4 results. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, General Mills expects Blue Buffalo's net sales and segment operating profit growth will accelerate meaningfully, driven by significant distribution expansion in the FDM channel. Based on the GIS weekly Jun28 $54 straddle, the options market is currently pricing in a move of ~6% in either direction by weekly expiration (Friday).On a positive report, look for resistance near the $58.00-58.50 area, while support sits near the $49.00-49.50 vicinity.GIS has a market cap of ~$32 bln and trades at ~16x FY20 earnings, a notable discount to the average consumer packaged goods stock at 22x.11:13XPH Pharma is the big winner today after second large M&A deal is announced in as many weeksPharma and biotech stocks are the clear winners in trading this morning. With ABBV announcing today it will acquire AGN just a week after PFE said it will acquire ARRY, there is a lot of excitement in the group. What's notable is that both acquiring companies have blockbuster drugs (ABBV with Humira and PFE with Lyrica) that are soon facing patent expirations. It's clear large pharmas want to restock their portfolios. It's leading to speculation as to which companies may be next.On the other side of the spectrum, China, IT and gold stocks are showing weakness today.10:35SUMRX Morning Commodities: Oil sheds gains, now modestly lower, gold over 1% higherCommodities are higher (+0.5% at 79.88 as measured by the Bloomberg Commodity Index)Dollar index is slightly lower (-0.04% at 95.9420)Looking at energy:Jul WTI crude oil futures are now -$0.08 (-0.1%) at $57.82/barrelIn other energy, Jul natural gas is -$0.4 (-1.9%) at $2.24/MMBtu Moving on to metals:Aug gold is currently +$18.15 (+1.3%) at $1436.35/oz, while Jul silver is +$0.05 at $15.43/ozJul copper is now +$0.03 (+1.0%) at 2.73/lb10:31SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence & New Home Sales miss expectationsEconomic Data Summary:April Case Schiller Home Price Index 0.4% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.5%; March was 2.7% April FHFA Housing Price Index 2.5% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; March was revised to 2.6% from 0.1% June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs Briefing.com consensus of 132.0; May was revised to 131.3 from 134.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.May New Home Sales 626K vs Briefing.com consensus of 683K; April was revised to 679K from 673 The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -3.4%) May Durable Orders due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of -0.3%; April was -2.1%) May Durable Orders -- Ex Transportation due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; April was 0.0%) May Advance International Trade in Goods due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was -$72.1 bln) May Advance Retail Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.5%) May Advance Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.7%)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bostric to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bullard to speak today at 17:30 ET.The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week.Tuesday: $40 bln in 2 Year Treasury NotesWednesday: $41 bln in 5 Year Treasury NotesThursday: $32 bln in 7 Year Treasury NotesOther International Events of InterestChinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.10:17OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:BHC Jul 24 calls are seeing interest with 4420 contracts trading vs. open int of 100, pushing implied vol up around 16 points to ~52%. Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.Puts:HRL Sep 42.5 puts are seeing interest with 4060 contracts trading vs. open int of 10, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~24%. 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Stocks seeing volatility selling:FDS, LEN implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.68, VIX: (15.48, +0.22, +1.4%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:10TALKX Market Briefing: Soft start followed by some soft economic dataThe stock market has started to day's session on a soft note. This isn't altogether surprising given the lack of conviction seen in the futures market ahead of the open.At the same time, it isn't all that surprising given that market participants are spying a 1:00 p.m. ET speaking appearance by Fed Chair Powell as a potential market mover and given that the highly-anticipated G-20 summit is sitting on the weekend horizon.Just not much conviction right now on the part of buyers, who have been very active throughout the month of June, which is on track to be the best June for the S&P 500 since 1955!The broader market will be excused, then, for taking a little time to consolidate after a big run. Some disappointing consumer confidence data for June (121.5 vs. 132.0 Briefing.com consensus) and weaker-than-expected new home sales data for May (626K vs. 683K Briefing.com consensus) have also cast a pall on buying efforts.Treasuries, on the other hand, have benefited from the disappointing data. The 10-yr note yield is down three basis points to 1.99%.Separately, the health care space is one of the more actively-traded areas in the stock market today following AbbVie's (ABBV 66.89, -11.56, -14.7%) $63 billion cash-and-stock offer to acquire Allergan (AGN 164.69, +35.12, +27.1%), the maker of Botox.The Russell 2000 is up 0.1%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%; the S&P 500 is down 0.2%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.10:04AJG Arthur J. Gallagher to purchase a minority stake in Prague-based Renomia a.s.; terms not disclosed (86.87 -0.11)The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019. Renomia is the largest independent broker based in the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region.10:01ECONX June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs 132.0 Briefing.com consensus10:01ECONX May New Home Sales 626K vs 683K Briefing.com consensus09:47NRZ New Residential Investment 'launched an opportunistic underwritten public offering of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ' (15.97 )The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for investments and general corporate purposes.09:43OR Osisko Gold Royalties increases previously announced bought-deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares (10.96 -0.49)Osisko Gold Royalties announces that, due to strong demand, Betelgeuse LLC has entered into a revised agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets to increase the size of its previously announced bought deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per common share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $110,685,000. Osisko will not be receiving any of the proceeds of the secondary offering. Amounts are in Canadian dollars.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Wall Street opens slightly lower amid weakness in financialsThe major averages begin the day slightly lower. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows most holding modest losses. The communication services (-0.5%) and financials (-0.7%) sectors show relative weakness, while the real estate (+0.3%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are the lone sectors trading higher.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.73%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 2.00%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 96.01. WTI crude is up 0.3% to $58.05/bbl.09:28WIRES On The WiresKandi Technologies (KNDI) announced that its JV with Geely Group, Kandi Electric Vehicles Group, has received a national subsidy payment of RMB 876 mln from the Chinese government for sales of new energy vehicles, consisting of RMB 742.8 mln for pure EV sales during 2015 and 2016 and RMB 133.4 mln for partial EV sales in 2017.Progenics Pharm (PGNX) announced that results from studies highlighting the PSMA-targeted imaging agent, PyL, were presented at the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2019 Annual Meeting. The results included data from the company's Phase 2/3 OSPREY trial in men with high risk and metastatic prostate cancer and three presentations from an investigator-sponsored study conducted under the company's PyL Research Access Program that evaluated PyL in men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. Collectively, the data presented highlights the potential of PyL to detect locally advanced prostate cancer, biochemically recurrent prostate cancer, and metastatic disease. ANI Pharma (ANIP) announced the launch of Ranitidine Capsules, 150mg and 300mg. The current annual US market for this product is approx. $40 mln, according to Iqvia/IMS Health.Tricida (TCDA) announced that The Lancet published online detailed results from its long-term, Phase 3, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial, TRCA-301E, in 196 patients with chronic kidney disease and metabolic acidosis.TILT Biotherapeutics, a company working in the area of enabling tumor T-cell therapies and checkpoint inhibiting antibodies with oncolytic viruses, has entered into an agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt (MKKGY) and Pfizer (PFE) to evaluate its armed oncolytic virus, TILT-123, with avelumab in patients with solid tumors refractory to routine modalities.Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) announced a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Vaccine Research Center (VRC) enabling the VRC's use of Halozyme's ENHANZE drug delivery technology to develop subcutaneous formulations of broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) against HIV for HIV treatment. The two bnAbs selected for the CRADA are VRC07-523LS and N6LS.Bausch Health (BHC) put in notice to pay down an additional $100 mln of its senior secured term loans this week, using cash generated from operations. After this payment, the company will have eliminated all mandatory amortization for the first quarter of 2020.Dova Pharmaceuticals (DOVA) today announced that the European Commission has granted marketing authorization for DOPTELET (avatrombopag) for the treatment of severe thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo an invasive procedure.09:10WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +1.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -3.50.Much like yesterday, today's opening indication is looking flattish as investors appear content remaining in a wait-and-see mode for G-20. The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, above fair value.Allergan (AGN 169.75, +40.18, +31.0%) and AbbVie (ABBV 70.80, -7.65, -9.7%), meanwhile, have made some noise in a mega-merger deal worth about $63 billion. AbbVie will acquire Allergan for $188.24 per share in cash and stock, or a 45% premium to Allergan's closing price on Monday, but that premium is shrinking in pre-market action as shares of AbbVie trade lower by 9.7%.In housing data, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).09:00ECONX April S&P Case Shiller Home Price Index Yr/Yr +2.5% vs +2.5% Briefing.com consensus08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -0.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -7.40.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%Major European indices trade mostly in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%08:47TRWH Twin River Worldwide commences a modified Dutch auction to purchase shares of its common stock for cash at a price per share of not less than $29.50 nor greater than $33.00 in increments of $0.25 (29.17 )08:42WIRES On The WiresADTRAN (ADTN) has joined the prpl Foundation-an open-source, community-driven, collaborative non-profit foundation that strives to enable the security and interoperability of embedded devices. ADTRAN Subscriber Solutions & Experience CTO, David La Cagnina, will now serve on the prpl Foundation Board of Directors. La Cagnina has been active in prpl through SmartRG, which ADTRAN acquired late last year. ADTRAN increased support for the foundation to further demonstrate commitment to driving the industry toward open, programmable, software-defined access infrastructures.nLIGHT (LASR) announced the introduction of the Corona CFX-8000, the latest high-power fiber laser in the Corona product family. Corona fiber lasers incorporate programmable beam characteristics to bring together the speed and cost advantages of traditional fiber lasers with the superior thick metal cutting of CO2 lasers.Vonage (VG) expanded the reach of its channel partner program with the addition of P2 Communications Management, LLC, a national IT advisory and management firm. With Vonage's fully integrated communications offering, P2 Communications Management can offer its customers a unique combination of applications and programmable communications via APIs to help enhance both employee and customer experiences.Medidata (MDSO) announced that global pharmaceutical company Orion will consolidate all clinical trials on the Medidata Rave Clinical Cloud and expand its use of trial management solutions to support growth of its R&D pipeline.Iteris (ITI) was awarded a two-year contract by the Wyoming Department of Transportation, continuing its support of the state's 511 service and maintaining its position as a market leader in the nationwide traveler information system market, with a 25% share.Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII) received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for key claims covering the composition and method of manufacturing for Grandevo WDG, an MBI developed microbial-based bioinsecticide.08:37TDOC Teladoc appoints Mala Murthy as CFO; Most recently, Murthy was CFO of the Global Commercial Services Segment of American Express (62.75 )08:32MRTX Mirati Therapeutics prices 2.1 mln common stock offering at $97.00/share (100.75 )08:32ACER Acer Therapeutics receives Complete Response Letter from the FDA regarding its New Drug Application for EDSIVO for the treatment of vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (19.28 )The CRL states that it will be necessary to conduct an adequate and well-controlled trial to determine whether celiprolol reduces the risk of clinical events in patients with vEDS. Acer plans to request a meeting to discuss the FDA's response.08:27WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -1.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -8.50.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Iran is in the news again after it said a diplomatic solution with the U.S. is now closed after President Trump imposed new sanctions yesterday, according to Bloomberg. Tensions have yet to have a meaningful impact on the stock market, but tensions are having a noticeable effect on gold futures, which are up another 0.9% to $1430.30/oz.The precious metal, which tends to rise amid geopolitical uncertainty, is up 9.5% this month. Lower U.S. Treasury yields have also made gold more appealing to investors.Separately, FedEx (FDX 159.92, -0.98, -0.6%) filed a lawsuit against the Commerce Department to stop the government from requiring it to enforce the Huawei Technologies restrictions, according to The Wall Street Journal. On a related note, the economic bellwether will release its earnings report after today's close.08:12SUMRX Gapping up/down: LEN +5% and FDS +2% after earnings, AGN +32% and ABBV -8% after M&A news, PYX +15% after Imperial Capital initiates stock with $71 PT; SHOP -1.5% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:10CHTR Charter Comm to offer $750 mln of senior notes (392.44 )08:10SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:09WIRES On The WiresGarmin International, Inc., a unit of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN), announced that Fusion, a Garmin brand and worldwide leader in marine entertainment, has been selected as a supplier of choice for the Independent Boat Builders, Inc. (IBBI), the industry's largest purchasing cooperative. Beginning Model Year 2020, this agreement will give members direct access to Fusion's full line of audio entertainment products through 2024. Comprised of a 19-member network of leading boat brands, IBBI members collectively build nearly 25% of all boats sold in the U.S.Aspen RxHealth announced today that Humana Inc. (HUM) has chosen the company's app-based platform to connect pharmacists with patients to deliver clinical services, including medication therapy management. Covetrus (CVET) announced a new strategic partnership with Heart + Paw, an integrated pet care company that offers comprehensive wellness for animals, including veterinary care, boarding, daycare, grooming and community experiences to pets and their parents. Heart + Paw opened its first center in June 2019 and has significant national growth plans with an initial focus on the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) has received the first order for the new Purion XE Power Series implanter from a leading power device manufacturer. The new Purion XE product line extension will be used in high volume production of power devices supporting automotive, mobile and the IoT market spaces. The system is scheduled to ship in the third quarter. Predictive Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of Predictive Technology Group, Inc. (PRED), a leader in the use of data analytics for disease identification and subsequent clinical intervention through precision therapeutic treatments, announces that data from a study of the genes underlying endometriosis may lead to new pathophysiology insights, improved diagnostics and novel treatment approaches. The study data was discussed in an oral presentation by Kenneth Ward, M.D. at the 2019 European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology annual meeting in Vienna, Austria.08:07SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryLonger Tenors Tick HigherU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near yesterday's closing levels. Treasury futures stayed on an upward path during the overnight session, but the market found resistance near highs from Friday. The ensuing pullback ran into support near levels from yesterday, leaving Treasuries with modest gains at this juncture. Yesterday's session was quiet, but today, the market will receive some housing and consumer confidence data while the U.S. Treasury will sell $40 bln in 2-yr notes. Fed Chairman Jay Powell will speak in the early afternoon. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 96.05, seeking its first advance in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: UNCH at 1.69% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.75% 10-yr: -1 bp to 2.01% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.54%News: Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. Hong Kong's May trade deficit totaled HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). Imports decreased 4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) while exports fell 2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) The new British Prime Minister will be announced on July 23. France's June Business Survey decreased to 102 (expected 104) from 104. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. Commodities: WTI Crude: -0.4% to $57.68/bbl Gold: +1.0% to $1431.90/ozt Copper: +0.9% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.1385 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2728 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8783 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: April S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%; prior 2.7%) and April FHFA Housing Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.1%) 10:00 ET: June Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 132.0; prior 134.1) and May New Home Sales (Briefing.com consensus 683,000; prior 673,000) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 8:45 ET: New York Fed President (FOMC voter) John Williams 12:00 ET: Atlanta Fed President (non-voter) Raphael Bostic 13:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:01RFL Rafael Holdings enters into an out-licensing agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical (24.00 )Rafael will receive a one-time upfront payment of approximately $12.9 million USD and up to an additional approximately $150.3 million USD if certain development and commercial milestones are achieved. Rafael will also receive low-double digit royalties based on net sales of the Products in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries. ONO will have exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products for all indications in ONO's territory. Rafael continuously retains all exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products outside of ONO's territory.07:53WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -13.30.U.S. equity futures are slightly lower after a mixed session yesterday, as investors continue to await the G-20 summit at the end of the week. The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.In the meantime, the market will hear from several Fed officials throughout the day with Fed Chair Powell headlining the bunch. Mr. Powell will participate in an interview with The New York Times at 1:00 p.m. ET to discuss the challenges facing the economy and the policies of the Federal Reserve.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space this morning. Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93, +29.2%) confirmed it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a nearly 45% premium to Allergan's closing price from Monday.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) at 9:00 a.m. ET. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) and New Home Sales for May (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) will be released at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 2.01%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 96.05. WTI crude is down 0.3% to $57.75/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93): +29.2% after confirming it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a 43.8% premium to AGN's closing price from Monday. Lennar (LEN 53.98, +2.57): +5.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. FactSet (FDS 302.13, +8.80): +3.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -1.2%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.9%, India's Sensex +0.8%, South Korea's Kospi -0.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.2%.In economic data:Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%)South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9)Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%)New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)In news:Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases.Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies.South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.Major European indices trade in negative territory. STOXX Europe 600 -0.1%, Germany's DAX UNCH, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.1%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.5%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.6%.In economic data:U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27)France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104)Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)In news:Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years.The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament.European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.07:51OR Osisko Gold Royalties entered into a bought-deal agreement (11.45 )Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd announces that Betelgeuse LLC, a jointly owned subsidiary of certain investment funds managed by Orion Resource Partners, has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets, pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, an aggregate of 6,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per Common Share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $96,585,000.07:37AKRX Akorn received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018 --halted-- (4.73 )Douglas Boothe, Akorn's President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "Akorn is committed to resolving the warning letter in a comprehensive and effective manner. Earlier this year, Akorn launched a companywide action plan to improve the timing and effectiveness of our operations, quality systems and compliance enhancement initiatives, with an emphasis on transparency and quality. We believe the execution of this action plan, which has already begun to yield tangible results, will strengthen and further standardize our quality systems across the entire Akorn network."07:32PCRX Pacira Pharma announces that its MAA for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia was validated by the EMA (43.12 )The MAA for EXPAREL is supported by clinical evidence across several surgical indications, including patients undergoing Cesarean section and total knee arthroplasty procedures. In December 2018, the EMA issued a positive opinion for the company's Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX UNCH, FTSE -0.1%, CAC -0.1%Major European indices trade in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%---FX---EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1379 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2737 USD/CHF: +0.6% to 0.977107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -0.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.10.07:07WIRES On The WiresOn June 20, 2019, the Board of Directors of Hologic (HOLX) approved the amendment and restatement of the Company's Bylaws to implement proxy access bylaw provisions and to make other non-material changes. The proxy access bylaw provisions permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, who have held three percent or more of the Company's stock for at least three years, to nominate and include in the Company's annual proxy materials director nominees constituting the greater of twenty percent or two members of the Company's Board of Directors, provided that the shareholders and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Company's Bylaws.IHG (IHG) and Sands China (SCHYY) announced that The Venetian Macao and The Parisian Macao will become InterContinental Alliance Resorts beginning today. In addition, The Londoner Hotel in Macao will join the alliance when it opens in 2020 following the renovation of the current Holiday Inn Macao Cotai Central. IHG and The Venetian Resort Las Vegas also announced the long-term extension of their alliance. The partnership extends through to 2027 at all five properties.Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced that the first patient, who completed the Phase 2 clinical trial ANAVEX2-73-RS-001 voluntarily moved into the extension study and was dosed in the extension study for the treatment of Rett syndrome.Bausch Health Companies Inc. (BHC) and its dermatology business, Ortho Dermatologics, announced that DUOBRII (halobetasol propionate and tazarotene) Lotion, 0.01%/0.045%, will be available commercially to health care professionals starting this week. Linde (LIN) announced today it has signed a long-term agreement with ExxonMobil (XOM) Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. to support the latest multi-billion dollar expansion of the company's integrated manufacturing complex in Singapore. This will be the single largest sale of gas contract in the history of the newly merged Linde and of its legacy companies.07:05FDS FactSet beats by $0.25, beats on revs; raises FY19 EPS guidance; narrows FY19 revenue guidance (293.33 )Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $2.62 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.25 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.37; revenues rose 7.2% year/year to $364.5 mln vs the $359.25 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.ASV plus professional services was $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019. Organic ASV plus professional services was also $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019, up $76.5 mln from the prior year at a growth rate of 5.6%. Organic ASV, which excludes the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, plus professional services, increased $4.5 mln over the last three months.Co issues raised guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $9.80-9.90 from $9.50-9.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $9.61 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $1.42-1.44 bln from $1.41-1.45 bln vs. $1.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:03ARVN Arvinas: FDA has cleared the company's IND for ARV-471 for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ER positive / HER2 negative breast cancer (21.87 )Arvinas expects to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for ARV-471 in the third quarter of 2019. In preclinical studies, ARV-471 demonstrated near-complete ER degradation in tumor cells, induced robust tumor shrinkage when dosed as a single agent in multiple ER-driven xenograft models, and showed superior anti-tumor activity as a single agent and in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor when compared to a standard of care agent, fulvestrant, dosed as single agent or in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Arvinas believes the differentiated pharmacology of ARV-471, including its iterative degradation activity, has the potential to translate into meaningful clinical benefit for patients.07:02NTEC Intec Pharma announces publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients (4.16 )The article reviews pharmacokinetic and efficacy data from the Company's phase 2, multicenter, open-label, two-way randomized crossover study that evaluated multiple dose strengths of the AP-CD/LD (50/250 mg, 50/375 mg or 50/500 mg) twice daily in one treatment period and an active comparator in the other treatment period. The article presents results from cohorts 1-4 out of the 6 cohorts of PD patients who participated in the study. Pharmacokinetics (PK) and efficacy were evaluated for AP-CD/LD compared with immediate release Carbidopa/Levodopa (IR-CD/LD). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and patient- and investigator-reported measures were also evaluated. The PK results showed that compared with IR-CD/LD, treatment with either AP-CD/LD dose demonstrated more stable LD plasma concentrations in both fluctuating and non-fluctuating PD patients, and significantly decreased the LD Cmax (57.1% and 66.8% decreases among fluctuating and non-fluctuating patients, respectively).07:01ARQL ArQule prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share (10.01 )07:01RMBS Rambus sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V); terms not disclosed (11.55 )The combination of Visa's network tokenization capabilities with the local and account tokenization technology of Rambus will facilitate safer, more secure payments across all forms of global commerce.07:00ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints (7.09 )Statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints, due to high rates of disease resolution in vehicle-treated patients, but activity of reproxalap was consistently greater than that of vehicle. Noninfectious anterior uveitis program to be discontinued. The co plans to prioritize Phase 3 ocular pipeline programs in dry eye disease, allergic conjunctivitis, and proliferative vitreoretinopathy.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -1.2%, Shanghai -0.9%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: UNCH at 6.8792 USD/INR: +0.2% to 69.3606:56S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -16.00.06:56European MarketsFTSE...7399.75...-16.90...-0.20%. DAX...12268.81...-5.80...-0.10%.06:56Asian MarketsNikkei...21194...-92.20...-0.40%. Hang Seng...28186...-327.00...-1.20%.06:55FXI Shanghai... -0.87%06:50MOR MorphoSys names Jean-Paul Kress, M.D. CEO effective September 1 (26.18 )In his new position, Dr. Kress will succeed Dr. Simon Moroney, who had announced his decision not to renew his contract as a member of MorphoSys's Management Board in February 2019 and who will step down as CEO on September 1, 2019. Prior to joining MorphoSys, Dr. Kress served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Syntimmune, now a subsidiary of Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN).06:44AGN Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock (129.57 )Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, Allergan Shareholders will receive 0.8660 AbbVie Shares and $120.30 in cash for each Allergan Share that they hold, for a total consideration of $188.24 per Allergan Share. The transaction represents a 45% premium to the closing price of Allergan's Shares on June 24, 2019.AbbVie anticipates that the Acquisition will provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 billion in year three while leaving investments in key growth franchises untouched. The synergies and other cost reductions will be a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, and reducing overlapping R&D resources (~50%), driving efficiencies in SG&A, including sales and marketing and central support function costs (~40%), and eliminating redundancies in manufacturing and supply chain, and leveraging procurement spend (~10%). The synergies estimate excludes any potential revenue synergies.AbbVie is expected to generate significant annual operating cash flow, which will support a debt reduction target of $15 to $18 billion before the end of 2021, while also enabling a continued commitment to Baa2/BBB or better credit rating and continued dividend growth.This transaction is expected to be 10% accretive to adjusted earnings per share over the first full year following the close of the transaction, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. ROIC is expected to exceed AbbVie's cost of capital within the first full year.The companies anticipate closing of the transaction by early 202006:41SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:AGN +35.1%, ALDX +14.9%, XNCR +8%, RMTI +4.7%, LEN +4.1%, NBRV +2.4%, GNFT +2.3%, CBAY +2.2%, ARQL +1.4%Gapping down:ABBV -5%, BYND -3.9%, AAXN -1.2%, MRTX -1.2%, MKTX -1.1%, EQT -1.1%, KRYS -0.5%06:07WIRES On The WiresU.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) announced that it has entered into an agreement with AmeriMex Motor & Controls, LLC., a subsidiary of Industrial Service Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, AmeriMex will provide electric motors exclusively to USWS as it relates to electric hydraulic fracturing.Ctrip (CTRP) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways at the Ctrip Headquarter in Shanghai. This MOU will enable Ctrip to work closely with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways on business development and joint promotional activities. This will help to accelerate Fiji's existing marketing activities in China.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Carna Biosciences Inc. announced that the companies have entered into a research and development collaboration to develop and commercialize small molecule compounds in immuno-oncology and to access Carna's proprietary lipid kinase drug discovery platform. Under the terms of the license agreement, Gilead will license from Carna worldwide rights to develop and commercialize inhibitors against an undisclosed immuno-oncology target. In connection with this agreement, Carna will receive an upfront payment of $20 million and is eligible to receive up to an additional $450 million in potential milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestones. Carna will also receive royalties on future net sales.Norbord Inc. (OSB) reported that its OSB mill in High Level, Alberta was cleared to restart, and safely resumed normal operations over the weekend. The MacKenzie County mandatory evacuation order and town of High Level evacuation alert were both lifted this afternoon and MacKenzie County remains under an evacuation alert. The curtailment is not expected to materially impact Norbord's second quarter results.ERYTECH Pharma (ERYP) announced that it has entered into an agreement with SQZ Biotechnologies, a cell therapy company developing novel treatments in multiple therapeutic areas, to advance novel RBC-based therapeutics for immune modulation. ERYTECH is eligible to receive up to $57 million in combined upfront and potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for the first product successfully developed by SQZ under this agreement. ERYTECH will also be eligible to receive sales royalties, and up to a total of $50 million in commercial milestone payments related to each additional approved product or approved indication.06:05LEN Lennar beats by $0.16, beats on revs (51.41 )Reports Q2 (May) earnings of $1.30 per share, $0.16 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.14; revenues rose 1.9% year/year to $5.56 bln vs the $5.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:03KRYS Krystal Biotech prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share (41.20 )06:01EQT EQT Corp.: Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT (15.38 )06:01WIRES On The WiresTaiwan Liposome Company, Ltd. (TLC) announced the signing of a development and license agreement with Birdie Biopharmaceuticals Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals Corp. Birdie and Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals are clinical stage biotech companies focused on the development of immunotherapy to treat cancer.Tilray Inc. (TLRY) announced it has imported medical cannabis oral solutions in bulk into the United Kingdom from its Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)-certified facility in Canada. This export allows Tilray to provide authorized U.K. patients in need with a locally maintained supply of medical cannabis oral solutions.Almirall, S.A. and Dermira, Inc. (DERM) announced that Almirall has exercised its option to license rights to develop and commercialize lebrikizumab for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and certain other indications in Europe. Almirall and Dermira previously entered into an option and license agreement in February 2019 pursuant to which Almirall was granted this exclusive option in exchange for an upfront option fee of $30 million. As a result of Almirall's decision to exercise its option, the company will pay Dermira $50 million, and Dermira will be eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, including $30 million in connection with the initiation of certain Phase 3 clinical studies.Amazon (AMZN) announced that this July, Amazon will provide Prime members worldwide the chance to get epic deals during its longest Prime Day ever. Prime Day starts at midnight PT on Monday, July 15 and -- for the first time ever -- runs for 48 hours, offering members two full days with more than one million deals around the world.Amcor plc (AMCR) announces it has entered into a binding agreement with Kohlberg & Company, for the sale of three former Bemis plants located in the United Kingdom and Ireland for cash consideration of USD 394 million (347 million). Collectively these three plants generate annual sales of approximately USD 170 million from the sale of flexible packaging for certain healthcare products. This divestment was required by the European Commission at the time of approving Amcor's acquisition of Bemis on 11 February 2019.06:00CS Credit Suisse announces the combination of its third party investment fund platform Credit Suisse InvestLab with Allfunds (11.66 )The agreement will create a global fund distribution platform with combined assets under administration of more than CHF 570 bln and distinct distribution competences. The combined business leverages the global wealth management footprint of Credit Suisse and the technological innovation of Allfunds, further enhancing the service offering to asset managers and distributors worldwide.The transaction comprises the transfer of all shares in Credit Suisse InvestLab, including the service agreements, and the related distribution agreements of Credit Suisse to Allfunds Group. As part of this combination, Credit Suisse will become a minority shareholder of up to 18% in the combined business and will be represented at the Board. Going forward, Credit Suisse will utilize the combined business platform to distribute mutual funds and ETFs.Upon the projected closing in Q3 2019, the transaction will have a limited regulatory capital benefit and is expected to result in a 0.5% RoTE uplift for the financial year 2019 for this transaction alone, all other things being equal.06:00BMWYY BMW Group steps up the pace of e-mobility expansion (24.12 )Co says sales of electrified vehicles to climb more than 30% per year up to 2025.Co is adjusting frequency to up the tempo of its electromobility expansion program. The company will now achieve the total of 25 electrified models previously announced for 2025 two years earlier, in 2023. Thanks to flexible vehicle architectures for fully-electric, plug-in hybrid and combustion engine drive trains, the company is able to respond quickly to changing conditions. More than half of the 25 models will be fully electric.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back in early tradeThe global equity markets are off to a slightly weaker start to begin the day. The markets appear to be trading with some caution and profit taking heading into the long awaited G-20 conference later this week. S&P Futures continue to be range bound. The index is trading around 2949, with the overnight high pegged at 2958.25, while the session low sits at 2942.25.In Asia, both China and Japan finished lower. The Shanghai gave up 0.9% that seemed more like profit taking after last week's run higher. There were also reports that President Trump talked down expectations for the G-20 summit. Japanese shares lost ground following media reports that President Trump is mulling a revamp of the long standing peace treaty with Japan, suggesting the state pick up more slack for its defense. Automotive and Export stocks saw weakness with names such as Toyota and Sony both losing 1% on the day. European bourses are doing very little this morning, under very slight pressure in correspondence with the US and Asia.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -1.010 yr Note: 2.02%USD/JPY: 107.09 -0.21EUR/USD: 1.1383 -0.0016Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX -0.1% CAC -0.1%Asia: Hang Seng -1.2% Shanghai -0.9% Nikkei -0.4%Gold (1432.90 +14.70) Silver (15.45 +0.07) Crude (57.91 +0.01)17:44FBK FB Financial to sell its Correspondent Lending channel to Rushmore Loan Management Services; expects the transaction to close early Q3 (35.08 -0.07)In addition to the $1.1 million restructuring expense reported for the first quarter of 2019, FB Financial expects to record additional restructuring charges of up to $1.5 million to cover transaction related expenses, severance and other items related to its mortgage operations. Excluding the impact of the mortgage restructuring charges noted above, FB Financial expects an increase in the operating results from its total mortgage operations in the second quarter of 2019 as compared to the first quarter of 2019. During the quarter the mortgage operations have experienced both strong origination volumes and elevated prepayments in the mortgage servicing rights portfolio.17:38FLR Fluor's Stork with its consortium partners was awarded a 4-year framework agreement for plant turnaround services by Ecopetrol (EC) (31.11 -0.95)The Colombia-based consortium includes Stork as the international lead partner, Rampint as the local partner in Barrancabermeja and Servimant as the local partner in Cartagena. The agreement also includes two extension options for an additional two years each. Both refineries supply fuel to meet Colombia's national and export product needs. Fluor booked the undisclosed contract value in the second quarter of 2019.17:30MDCO The Medicines Co also launched public offering of $150.0 mln of shares of common stock (35.36 -1.04)17:25MDCO The Medicines Co files mixed securities shelf offering (35.36 -1.04)16:54ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics will hold call on June 25 at 8 a.m. Eastern Time to provide top-line results from the SOLACE trial of topical ocular reproxalap in patients with noninfectious anterior uveitis (7.09 -0.34)16:49KRYS Krystal Biotech announces it has commenced $100 mln public offering of common stock; all shares will be sold by the company (41.20 +12.05)16:38ARQL ArQule also commences underwritten public offering of common stock (10.01 -0.48)There can be no assurances as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. Co intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to fund its core clinical programs and for general corporate purposes.16:35EHC Encompass Health makes minority equity investment in MedalogixMedalogix provides predictive analytics and data science for home health and hospice. Medalogix is assisting Encompass Health in preparing for the impending changes to the Patient-Driven Groupings Model, a new home health payment model for Medicare patients expected to take effect January 1, 2020.16:34ARQL ArQule files mixed securities shelf offering (10.01 -0.48)16:33CHS Chico's FAS issues open letter to shareholders announcing additional actions supporting corporate governance (3.32 -0.06)Board of Directors unanimously approves an amendment to company bylaws to opt out of Florida's control share acquisition statute bylaw amendment. This provides voting rights for all Chico's FAS shareholders and eliminates the need for a special meeting as recently requested by Sycamore Partners."To be clear, this bylaw amendment relates solely to voting rights; it does not speak to the merits of, or otherwise advance, Sycamore's unsolicited acquisition proposal, nor does it speak to whether the Company should engage with Sycamore on its proposal. As previously announced, Sycamore's June 19, 2019 proposal is being reviewed by the Board. On this point, we appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders for the Board's decision to reject Sycamore's May 10 acquisition proposal and the confidence expressed in our ability to improve the Company's growth and value creation. We also appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders over the past weeks for our new operating priorities and the improvements underway in these areas."16:32IBP Installed Building Products announces acquisition of Expert Insulation and Expert Insulation of Brainerd; terms not disclosed (54.29 +0.24)Founded in 1998, Expert Insulation serves the Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota markets through branch locations in Rochester and Brainerd, Minnesota. The company provides fiberglass and spray foam insulation installation services, as well as waterproofing services for commercial, residential, and multi-family customers. The acquisition adds approx. $12.0 mln of annual revenue. The company has also this quarter acquired an insulation installer in Pennsylvania with approx. $3.6 mln in annual revenues.16:28FRTA Forterra appoints Karl H. Watson, Jr. as CEO; reaffirms FY19 outlook (4.56 -0.04)Mr. Watson, who most recently served as EVP and COO at Summit Materials (SUM), succeeds Jeff Bradley, who has stepped down as CEO and a director to pursue other opportunities. The company continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance, most recently addressed in the company's earnings release for the first quarter of 2019. As stated on May 6, 2019, Forterra anticipates further strengthening in public infrastructure spending, continued positive pricing trends, and stabilizing input costs. The company remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow.16:21WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.2% on Monday, finishing near session lows in a day that showed little conviction from investors. With big gains already registered in June and the G-20 summit set to begin at the end of the week, the broader market appeared content trading little changed for most of the session.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.03%) finished fractionally higher, while the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.3%. The Russell 2000 underperformed with a loss of 1.3%.President Trump and President Xi are expected to partake in an extended meeting at G-20, which many see as a potential market-moving event. Although many analysts aren't expecting a swift resolution to the trade dispute this weekend, there is still optimism that progress can be made.It was a mixed session with six S&P 500 sectors finishing lower and five finishing higher. The energy sector (-0.9%) gave back some of its gains from last week, while the consumer discretionary sector (-0.5%) was dragged lower by many stocks within the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT 41.67, -0.65, -1.5%). The materials (+0.5%), consumer staples (+0.3%), and information technology (+0.2%) sectors provided offsetting support.The health care sector (-0.5%) was pressured by the insurance and hospital stocks after President Trump signed an executive order to make health care costs more transparent to patients. Shares of Bristol-Myers (BMY 45.68, -3.66, -7.4%) also underperformed amid a host of negative news, one of which included an announcement that its acquisition of Celgene (CELG 93.47, -5.44, -5.5%) will be pushed back to the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020.On a related note, President Trump signed a separate executive order, hitting Iran with new sanctions after it shot down a U.S. military drone last week. Market reaction was muted, as President Trump already indicated last week that more sanctions were coming.In M&A news, Caesars Entertainment (CZR 11.44, +1.45, +14.5%) confirmed it will be acquired by Eldorado Resorts (ERI 45.77, -5.45, -10.6%) for $12.75/share in cash and stock, or approximately $8.6 billion.U.S. Treasuries finished on a higher note, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined five basis points to 2.02%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 96.00 for its fourth consecutive decline. WTI crude increased 0.8% to $57.82/bbl.Investors did not receive any economic data on Monday. On Tuesday, investors will receive New Home Sales for May, the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April.Nasdaq Composite +20.7% YTDS&P 500 +17.5% YTDRussell 2000 +13.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +14.6% YTD16:20GNFT Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China (shares halted) (20.22 +0.02)Terns will have the rights to develop and commercialize elafibranor, GENFIT's proprietary compound, in Greater China, for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Under the terms of the licensing agreement, GENFIT will receive an upfront payment from Terns of $35 mln and will be eligible to receive up to $193 mln in potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments. Terns obtains the exclusive rights to develop, register, and market elafibranor in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan for both NASH and PBC. Upon commercial launch of elafibranor for the treatment of NASH in Greater China, GENFIT will be entitled to receive mid-teen percentage royalties from Terns based on sales in the territory. The two companies will also collaborate on research and development moving forward in NASH and PBC.16:17IART Integra promotes Glenn Coleman to COO and appoints Carrie Anderson as CFO, effective June 24 (53.24 -0.05)Mr. Coleman most recently served as CFO and corporate vice president, responsible for Integra's international business. The role of COO is a newly-created position at the company. Ms. Anderson most recently served as chief accounting officer and corporate controller at Dover Corporation (DOV).16:17EZPW EZCORP acquires seven pawn stores in Nevada operating under "Metro Pawn" banner (9.41 +0.30)Co announces that it has completed the acquisition of seven pawn stores in Nevada, bringing the company's total store count in the state to 24. The acquired stores, operating under the name "Metro Pawn," include five stores in the Reno area, representing the company's entry into the Las Vegas area, giving the company a total of 19 stores in that market.The acquisition was completed earlier today, and the purchase price was paid in cash.16:13STRO Sutro Biopharma appoints retired Biogen Idec (BIIB) EVP Connie Matsui as Chairman (11.68 -0.19)16:11GNFT Genfit trading halted, news pending (20.22 +0.02)16:11EVFM Evofem Biosciences files for 13,888,891 share common stock offering by holders including 2,777,779 shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants (6.67 -0.26)16:04NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin (2.10 -0.11)The EMA has determined that the company's MAA for intravenous and oral formulations of lefamulin, a potentially first-in-class, semi-synthetic pleuromutilin antibiotic for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia in adults 18 years of age and older, is valid. Validation of the MAA confirms that the submission is sufficiently complete to begin the formal review process. An opinion of the EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use is anticipated in the next 12 to 15 months.16:04GLDD Great Lakes Dredge & Dock announces receipt of dredging awards totaling $91 mln (10.51 -0.38)The scope of work for the coastal protection projects includes nourishment of beachfronts with sand excavated from off-shore borrow which is then used to rebuild dunes and restore the shorelines eroded by winter storms.The projects will be executed in the second half of 2019 and into 2020 and will be performed by hopper dredges with a minimal disruption to the local communities with a view to increasing the resilience of our coastal environments to challenges from rising sea levels.16:01MRTX Mirati Therapeutics commenced underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock (100.75 -0.69)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: June 25, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ETBriefing.comJune 25, 2019 Tuesday 6:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 19114 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 25-Jun-19 18:00 ET17:36TGT Target announces two-day Target Deal Day event (July 15-16) featuring same-day delivery and pickup options (85.70 -1.02)"Last year's Target.com One-Day Sale was one of our biggest days of the year for online sales... This year, we're giving guests more discounts across even more of our assortment with two days to save on hundreds of thousands of items and offering the best options in retail for delivery and pick up on their terms, including same-day."17:31FTI TechnipFMC reaches global resolution of U.S. and Brazilian legacy investigations; agreed to pay a total of $301.3 mln to authorities (24.96 +0.22)As part of this resolution, TechnipFMC entered into a three-year Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the DOJ related to charges of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) related to conduct in Brazil and with Unaoil. In addition, Technip USA, Inc., a U.S. subsidiary, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA related to conduct in Brazil. The Company will also provide the DOJ reports on its anti-corruption program during the term of the DPA. As previously disclosed, TechnipFMC has also been cooperating with an investigation by the French Parquet National Financier (PNF) related to historical projects in Equatorial Guinea and Ghana. To date, this investigation has not reached resolution. TechnipFMC remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF and will maintain a $70 million provision related to this investigation.17:08NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics entered into $50 mln "Open Market Sale Agreement" with Jefferies (2.11 +0.01)16:58MU Micron on Conference Call- Sees revenue in the range of $4.3-4.7 bln, S&P Capital IQ consensus $4.558 bln; Sees EPS in the range of $0.38-0.52, Cap IQ consensus $0.7016:42BBVA Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria files mixed securities shelf offering (5.52 -0.05)16:31GBCI Glacier Bancorp increases quarterly dividend to $0.27/share from $0.26/share (39.22 -0.09)16:29INXN InterXion announces public offering of 4 mln common shares (75.11 -0.40)16:26CRCM Care.com CFO Michael Echenberg tenders his resignation, effective on August 30, 2019 (14.09 +0.18)The company expects that Michael Goss, the company's Vice President of Finance, will be appointed acting Chief Financial Officer of the company upon the effectiveness of Mr. Echenberg's resignation. Mr. Echenberg will assist in the transition of the Chief Financial Officer role until his departure from the company.16:25CRTO Criteo COO Mollie Spilman resigns effective July 5 to pursue a new career opportunity (17.96 -0.11)Ms. Spilman has decided to leave the company to pursue a new career opportunity. She will continue with the company through the end of 2Q19 and depart on July 5, 2019. With Ms. Spilman's departure, CEO JB Rudelle will directly manage the sales and operations teams to ensure faster execution of Criteo's transformation plan.16:22LILA Liberty Latin America proposes offering of $350 mln aggregate principle amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in private placement (18.08 -0.51)Liberty Latin America expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund the cost of certain capped call transactions and to use the remaining funds for other general corporate purposes.16:20BIG Big Lots appoints Jonathan Ramsden as EVP-Chief Financial and Administrative Officer effective August 5; reaffirms Q2 / FY EPS and sales guidance (27.78 +0.31)Mr. Ramsden will succeed Timothy A. Johnson, who will transition away from his roles effective August 5, 2019, to pursue other opportunities in the for-profit and not-for-profit arenas. Mr. Johnson has agreed to continue in an advisory role through Labor Day to provide the opportunity for a smooth transition for the business. Mr. Ramsden spent over seven years with Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF), joining as Chief Financial Officer in 2008 and later serving as the company's Chief Operating Officer. In connection with today's announcement, Big Lots reaffirmed its financial forecast for the second quarter and full year of fiscal 2019, as previously disclosed on May 31, 2019. Prior Guidance: Q2 EPS of $0.35-0.45 vs. $0.42 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and FY20 EPS of $3.70-3.85 vs. $3.78 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:20HFFG HF Foods enters into merger agreement with B&R Global Holdings, a food wholesaler and distributor for Asian restaurants (25.27 +1.25)Co and B&R Global Holdings announce that they have entered into a merger agreement pursuant to which they will combine their operations. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, at the closing of the merger, B&R Global Holdings will merge into HFFF's wholly owned subsidiary, resulting in B&R Global Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HF Foods.HFFG will issue approximately 30.7 mln of its shares of common stock to the former shareholders of B&R Global Holdings as consideration for the transaction.The combined business will serve in excess of 10,000 restaurants in 21 states and had revenues in excess of $800 mln in 2018.16:20WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 lost 1.0% on Tuesday, as subdued expectations for next month's Fed rate decision and the upcoming G-20 summit contributed to a risk-off mindset. Shares of technology companies, particularly the mega-cap stocks, underperformed the broader market.The Nasdaq Composite lost 1.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.7%, and the Russell 2000 lost 0.6%.St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter), who was the lone dissident in this month's FOMC meeting, said he didn't think it was necessary to cut the fed funds rate by 50 basis points. Instead, he favored a 25 basis points reduction, viewing it as an "insurance" cut.This stance from one of the Fed's most vocal doves, in addition to comments from Fed Chair Powell, tempered the market's hopes for a 50 basis points cut next month. Fed Chair Powell reminded the market that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swings in sentiment.Expectations for the upcoming G-20 summit were also lowered after a White House official told Reuters that the U.S. will not accept any new tariff conditions and that the U.S. is not willing to concede to the Chinese on trade. The goal is to simply reopen talks, which was not the constructive tone the market was anticipating.These subdued expectations, along with some disappointing economic data, contributed to some broad-based profit taking in equities. Ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower, led by the mega-cap stocks within the information technology (-1.8%), communication services (-1.6%), and consumer discretionary (-1.1%) sectors. The materials sector was unchanged.Regarding economic data, new home sales for May and consumer sentiment for June both declined below expectations. On a related note, home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.22, -3.19, -6.2%) provided investors with downside Q3 guidance.In M&A news, the health care sector (-0.4%) was home to a mega-merger deal on Tuesday. AbbVie (ABBV 65.70, -12.75, -16.3%) announced it will acquire Allergan (AGN 162.43, +32.86, +25.4%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie losing over 16%, the premium was reduced to 37% over AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries finished on a mostly higher note. The 2-yr yield was unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.99%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 96.16. WTI crude was unchanged at $57.81/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).Looking ahead, investors will receive the following reports on Wednesday: Durable Goods Orders for May, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and the Advance reports for International Trade in Goods, Retail Inventories, and Wholesales Inventories for May.Nasdaq Composite +18.8% YTDS&P 500 +16.4% YTDRussell 2000 +12.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.8% YTD16:19FDX FedEx beats by $0.18, reports revs in-line, guides FY20 EPS below consensus (156.01 -4.90)Reports Q4 (May) earnings of $5.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.18 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $4.83; revenues rose 2.8% year/year to $17.81 bln vs the $17.85 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q4 was hurt by lower FedEx International Priority package and freight revenues at FedEx Express, higher costs at FedEx Ground and business realignment costs primarily associated with the U.S.-based voluntary employee buyout program. Partially offsetting these factors were the benefits from US volume growth, increased revenue per shipment at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground, lower variable incentive compensation expenses and a favorable net impact of fuel at all transportation segments.Outlook: Co guides to FY20 non-GAAP EPS being a mid-single-digit percentage point decline (prior to the year-end MTM retirement plan accounting adjustment and excluding estimated TNT Express integration expenses). Current consensus is at $16.16, and FY19 actual was $15.52. So consensus is estimating 4% EPS growth, so the guidance of a mid-single-digit decline is a good bit below consensus estimates.16:19JAZZ Jazz Pharma will host webcast on July 2 at 4:30 p.m. EDT to provide investors with an update on Sunosi (136.50 +5.19)Sunosi (solriamfetol) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on March 20, 2019 to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Sunosi is the first dual-acting dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved to treat excessive daytime sleepiness in adults living with narcolepsy or OSA. Beginning early July, Sunosi will be commercially available in the U.S. following the recent scheduling decision by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency.16:19GBT Global Blood Therapeutics announces public offering of approx. $200.0 mln of shares of its common stock (62.43 -0.86)GBT intends to use proceeds to fund its clinical development of voxelotor for the treatment of sickle cell disease. GBT may also use a portion of the net proceeds to in-license, acquire or invest in new business, technology or assets, although it has no material agreements, commitments, or understandings in place.16:18PGRE Paramount Group enters into agreement to acquire 55 Second Street ni San Francisco for $408 mln (14.23 -0.15)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 55 Second Street, a 387,000 square foot office building located in San Francisco's South Financial District, for approximately $408 mln or $1,054 per square foot.The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, is expected to close in 3Q19. In connection with the transaction, the company expects to bring in a joint venture partner prior to closing.The property is currently 87.4% leased primarily to accounting, legal and technology tenants.16:17CFMS ConforMIS has secured up to $30 mln in debt financing from Innovatus Capital Partners and East West Bank and $3 mln in equity financing from Innovatus (3.84 -0.03)In addition, Innovatus purchased $3 million of the Company's common stock from the Company at the previous day's closing price.16:16APLE Apple Hospitality REIT appoints Rachael Rothman to position of Executive Vice President and CFO, effective July 1, 2019 (15.70 -0.02)Ms. Rothman will succeed Bryan Peery as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As previously announced, Mr. Peery plans to retire from the company in 1Q20. Mr. Peery will continue as Executive Vice President and, effective July 1, 2019, will become Chief Accounting Officer for the company.16:16COWN Cowen Group names CEO Jeffrey Solomon as Chairman (16.63 +0.35)Outgoing Chairman Jerome S. Markowitz is now serving as Lead Independent Director.16:14MU Micron --CORRECTION-- MU beat by 26 cents; we previously reported the GAAP number which was a 5 cent miss; guidance will be released shortly with a conference call starting at 4:30pm ET; we have corrected the original comment16:14INXN InterXion files for ordinary share shelf offering (75.10 -0.44)16:13AVAV AeroVironment beats by $0.02, beats on revs; guides FY20 EPS in-line, revs in-line (61.31 -0.61)Reports Q4 (Apr) earnings of $0.26 per share, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.24; revenues fell 25.1% year/year to $87.9 mln vs the $82.57 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross margin decreased to 42% from 45%. The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to the decrease in sales volume and an increase in the proportion of service revenue to total revenue.As of April 30, 2019, funded backlog was $164.3 mln compared to $164.4 mln as of April 30, 2018.Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $1.47-$1.67 vs. $1.64 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $350-$370 mln vs. $360.50 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:06PDLI PDL BioPharma announces resignation of CFO, effective August 15, 2019 (3.08 +0.09)Co announces the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Peter Garcia, who will be leaving the company effective August 15, 2019. He will continue in his role through the filing of the company's second quarter 10-Q in August and is committed to ensure a smooth transition of duties.16:06PRTK Paratek Pharma promotes Evan Loh, M.D. to CEO, effective June 25 (3.76 -0.02)Dr. Loh has nearly 20 years of experience as a senior executive in the pharmaceutical industry, most recently serving as Paratek's Chief Operating Officer since January 2017 and as President and Chief Medical Officer and member of the Board of Directors since June 2014. Michael Bigham, who has served as Paratek's Chairman and CEO since 2014, will remain active with the company in the newly created role of Executive Chairman.16:05MU Micron beats by $0.26, beats on revs; Seeing early signs of demand improvement but will reduce 2020 CapEx spend (32.68 -0.51)Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $1.05 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.26 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues fell 38.6% year/year to $4.79 bln vs the $4.7 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Micron's improved competitive position and strong execution helped us deliver solid results despite a challenging environment," said Micron Technology President and CEO Sanjay Mehrotra. "While we are seeing early signs of demand improvement, we plan to reduce our capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 to help improve industry supply-demand balance."16:03SSTK Shutterstock announces that Co-Chief Operating Officer and CFO will depart; co's Chief Accounting Officer appointed to fill role of Interim CFO (39.62 -0.89)Co-Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Steven Berns will depart from his roles at SSTK to pursue other opportunities, effective immediately. Mr. Berns' departure is not due to a dispute or any matter relating to the company's accounting and financial policies and operations. The company's Chief Accounting Officer, Steve Ciardiello has been appointed to the role of interim Chief Financial Officer until a successor has been named. Mr. Ciardiello will also continue in his existing role as Chief Accounting Officer. SSTK also announces that Stan Pavlovsky, who had been serving as Co-Chief Operating Officer and Head of Strategic Operations, has been named President and Chief Operating Officer.16:01ODT Odonate Therapeutics commences underwritten public offering of $100 mln common stock (28.12 +0.04)15:49SCS Steelcase discloses entry into stock repurchase agreement with an independent third party broker under which the broker is authorized to repurchase up to 1.5 mln shares of common stock on behalf of the Company between June 26-December 26 (16.03 +0.46)The shares will be purchased pursuant to the Company's previously announced share repurchase program.15:44SUMRX Closing Commodities: Oil and gold settle the day flat: API oil data out after the closeMetals Settlement Prices:Aug gold settled today's session $0.30 higher at $1418.45/ozJuly silver settled today's session $0.08 lower (-0.5%) at $15.29/ozSept copper settled $0.02 higher (+0.7%) at $2.73/lbAgriculture Settlement Prices:July corn settled unch at $4.52/bushelJuly wheat settled $0.03 lower (-0.6%) at $5.40/bushelJuly soybeans settled $0.06 lower (-0.7%) at $9.08/bushelEnergy Settlement Prices:July Crude Oil futures fell $0.01 to $57.81/barrelJuly Natural Gas settles unch at $2.28/MMBtuJuly RBOB Gasoline settled $0.02 higher (+1.1%) at $1.83/gallonJuly Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (+0.5%) at $1.93/gallon15:37SAFM Sanderson Farms issues statement, says has not been subpoenaed in connection with Department of Justice investigation (131.62 -2.38)"The United States Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday, June 21, 2019, in In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation stating that it is conducting a criminal investigation regarding the broiler industry. The Company has not been subpoenaed in connection with the Department of Justice investigation. The Company continues to believe the civil plaintiffs' claims as to Sanderson Farms are wholly without merit, and we are committed to defending the case vigorously."15:27SUMRX Earnings Confirmed for this afternoon and tomorrow morningEarnings out this afternoon: AVAV FDX MU SNXEarnings out tomorrow morning: ATU BB GIS INFO PAYX SCHN UNF15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb AgainU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a mostly higher note, but not before seeing some intraday volatility. Treasuries started the cash session just above yesterday's closing levels, spending the first hour of the action in a narrow range. The opening gains were extended amid early weakness on the equity side, with Treasuries rising to highs after the release of weaker than expected New Home Sales for May (actual 626,000; Briefing.com consensus 683,000) and weaker than expected Consumer Confidence for June (actual 121.5; Briefing.com consensus 132.0). Midday action saw a pullback from highs, as the market responded to speeches from St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Fed Chairman Jay Powell. The St. Louis Fed President was up first, and while he said that this is a good time for an "insurance cut", he ruled out the need for a 50-basis point cut. Fed Chairman Powell struck a similar tone, noting that the outlook has changed since early May, but monetary policy should not overreact to short-term swings in sentiment. The midday pullback was most visible in shorter tenors while the long bond remained near its high until the close. Today's $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction was met with strong demand. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 96.13, recording its first gain in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: -1 bp to 1.68% 5-yr: -2 bps to 1.73% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.99% 30-yr: -2 bps to 2.53%News: The implied probability of a 50-bps rate cut at the July meeting decreased to 36.4% from 42.6% after today's speeches from FOMC voters Bullard and Powell. Reuters reported that President Trump will meet with China's President Xi Jinping in Japan on Saturday. U.S. envoy to NATO, Kay Bailey Hutchinson, reiterated that Turkey will be excluded from the F-35 program if the country takes delivery of a Russian-made anti-aircraft weapon system. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. The new British Prime Minister will be named on July 23. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. $40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.695% (2.572%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58 (2.63) Indirect bid: 48.5% (46.3%) Direct bid: 24.2% (15.6%) Today's Data: New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April. The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017. The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook. The FHFA Housing Price Index increased 0.4% in April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) after increasing 0.1% in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index increased 2.5% in April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) after increasing a revised 2.6% (from 2.7%) in March. Commodities: WTI crude: UNCH at $57.81/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1418.45/ozt Copper: +0.7% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1373 GBP/USD: -0.3% to 1.2696 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8842 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior -3.4%) 8:30 ET: May Durable Orders (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior -2.1%) and Durable Orders ex-transportation (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.0%), May Advance International Trade in Goods (prior -$72.10 bln), May Advance Retail Inventories (prior 0.5%), and May Advance Wholesale Inventories (prior 0.7%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior -3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $41 bln 5-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 11:30 ET: San Francisco Fed President (non-voter) Mary Daly15:09SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Allergan (AGN) rises on premium acquisition by AbbVie (ABBV) in the latest major combination for the pharmaceutical sector -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersAGN (163.57 +26.24%): To be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) in a cash-and-stock deal with a transaction equity value of approx. $63 bln, based on ABBV's closing price of $78.45 yesterday; co's shareholders will receive 0.8660 ABBV shares and $120.30/share in cash for each AGN share held. The transaction represents a premium of +45% relative to co's closing price yesterday. Co's shareholders will own approx. 17% of AbbVie on a fully diluted basis following the closing of the acquisition. Shares reach their highest levels since November. ELAN (34.67 +3.4%): Various pharmaceutical companies and other healthcare names see strength in the wake of the AbbVie/Allergan deal. CAG (29.02 +3.27%): Posts moderate gains a few days in advance of its next quarterly results, which will be reported before the open on Thursday; in recent press, co today announced several product expansions for its Healthy Choice and Birds Eye brands. Consumer staples sector sees modest relative strength.Large Cap LosersABBV (66.04 -15.83%): Acquiring Allergan (AGN), as detailed above. Co sees the deal as providing immediate scale and profitability to its growth platform and significantly expanding and diversifying its global commercial scale and revenue base with new therapeutic areas, including medical aesthetics. Co expects the acquisition to provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 bln in year three as a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, reducing overlapping R&D resources, and driving SG&A efficiencies, among other factors. It is expected to be 10% accretive to adj. EPS over the first full year, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. Annual combined revenue for 2019 is estimated at approx. $48 bln. Sinks to two-year lows. SHOP (284.44 -8.78%): Downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush, citing valuation; the firm also increased co's price target to $305. The stock, which reached new all-time highs last week a bit shy of $340 and which continues to hold gains of circa +105% year-to-date, was also downgraded yesterday at ROTH Capital and last week at CIBC. ATHM (82.13 -7.73%): Chinese stocks generally underperform, with the Shanghai Composite Index having today ended a streak of gaining action, as the crucial G-20 meeting looms. (Related: TME, CTRP...)14:57TALKX Market Briefing: Re-thinking some bullish-minded mattersThe major indices have extended today's losses, pressured by a reality check that its most hopeful outlook isn't going to be satisfied in the near term.To that end, St. Louis Fed President Bullard -- the lone dissenter at the recent FOMC meeting and most ardent dove on the FOMC -- said today that he thinks a rate cut is coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50 basis points rate cut is necessary at the July 30-31 meeting. Fed Chair Powell didn't say anything either in a speech today to stoke expectations that the Fed is leaning at this juncture toward a 50 basis points cut at the July meeting.The other selling catalyst has been acknowledgment from White House officials that the goal for the G-20 meeting is to reopen trade talks, but that the U.S. will not accept any tariff conditions. That could be a stumbling block right out of the gate for China, which wants the U.S. to roll back existing tariffs. Separately, there was also an acknowledgment from White House officials that the trade talks could go on for months or years, which left an impression that the trade spat could be a prolonged one.Up to this point, there was some budding hope that the U.S. and China wil at least agree to forestall new tariff actions at this weekend's meeting. That's possible, but clearly, no guarantee has been given.Effectively, then, a short-term overbought market is finding reason to consolidate some strong June gains that were helped along in part by a hope the G-20 Summit would strike a constructive tone and that the Fed would cut rates by 50 basis pints in July. Those views are being called into question today, however, which is leading to the broad-based selling interest.The Russell 2000 is down 0.5%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.6%; the S&P 500 is down 0.8%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.5%.13:51FDX FedEx to report this evening (157.17 -3.73)FedEx (FDX 157.17, -3.73, -2.3%) will report its Q4 results after today's closing bell, followed by the management's conference call at 17:30 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the company to report an 18.3% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $4.83 on a 3.1% yr/yr increase in revenue to $17.85 bln. Last quarter, FedEx reported weaker than expected results and lowered its guidance to account for a slowing global economy. The weak outlook briefly pressured the stock, but FedEx was able to climb to a fresh 2019 high in mid-April. However, that push was followed by a return to the December low earlier this month. Continued relative strength in the U.S. economy should support FedEx's domestic business, but the international segment could see softness associated with slowing growth in Asia and Europe. FedEx's international segment accounts for roughly 30% of revenue. The company has had a difficult time integrating TNT Express into its business. Investors have known about this issue for a while, so any improvement on this front would be a positive. South China Morning Post reported today that the Chinese government may put FedEx on its list of unreliable foreign entities. Global Times speculated about this possibility on Sunday.FedEx trades at 9.9x forward earnings expectations, which represents a discount to UPS's (UPS 97.47, -2.25, -2.3%) 12.9x forward multiple.Editor's note: A previous version of this comment included the GAAP EPS estimate instead of the non-GAAP estimate. The comment has been corrected.13:50SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Brighthouse Financial (BHF) sinks on analyst downgrades -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTEVA (8.8 +6.67%): Various biotech/pharma names move higher following AbbVie's (ABBV) premium acquisition of pharmaceutical peer Allergan (AGN). (Related: JAZZ, MYL...) GRUB (76.18 +5.52%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and price target raised to $91 at Citigroup, citing factors including co's continued gains in gross food sales and reports that co is in early tests with certain large chains. Posts three-month highs.SAM (361.78 +3.59%): Now up by circa +7% over the past week, the stock today achieves a new all-time high on slightly above average volume.Mid Cap LosersBHF (33.63 -11.78%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman, which lowers co's target to $32 from $39, and to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse, which cuts co's price target to $22 from $35, with both firms calling attention to sources of pressure to co's capital plans. Drops to five-month lows.UNIT (9.88 -7.58%): In recent items, co announced the planned offering by its subsidiary Uniti Fiber Holdings, Inc. of $300 mln aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2024, and it signaled that it has entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to extend the maturity date of its revolving credit facility. Co also yesterday announced that PEG Bandwidth Holdings, the holder of co's 3.00% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, has elected to convert all of its shares.JOBS (69.88 -6.18%): Dropped to its lowest levels since December in early trade; though now well off those morning lows, the stock continues to underperform on more than 3x average volume, lagging alongside Chinese peers generally ahead of the weekend's G-20 meeting. (Related: HUYA, LX, BZUN...)13:32OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:BHC Jul 24 calls (volume: 7970, open int: 100, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 36%). Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.ATVI Jun 46.5 calls (volume: 6230, open int: 990, implied vol: ~41%, prev day implied vol: 38%). Co is expected to report earnings early August.MCD Jun 207.5 calls (volume: 5030, open int: 1490, implied vol: ~16%, prev day implied vol: 2%). Co is confirmed to report earnings July 26 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HRL Sep 42.5 puts (volume: 4060, open int: 10, implied vol: ~24%, prev day implied vol: 22%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.92, VIX: (16.12, +0.86, +5.6%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:16SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (68) outpacing new lows (59) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ABT, AEM, AGCO, AGI, AJRD, ANIP, AON, ARQL, ATO, AU, BFAM, BHP, BKH, BLL, CL, CMS, CNMD, DTE, EL, FCFS, GFI, GNRC, HIG, HMY, IT, JCI, KGC, KL, MAA, NEE, NVS, PG, PNM, RARX, RGLD, RSG, SAM, SAND, SBUX, SE, STE, SYK, TMO, TRV, V, WM, WTR, YUM, BEP, EDD, EMD, FNV, GBT, GOLD, MMT, NAD, NEA, NG, NZF, PVG, QSR, SHV, SHY, SLQD, UTF, VCSH, VGIT, VGMStocks that traded to 52 week lows: ABEO, ACLS, ADS, AERI, AFI, AHT, AMAG, AMC, ANAB, ANGI, AR, ASNA, ATRA, BNFT, CNX, CUK, DF, ECOM, MR, ENDP, EPC, EQT, EROS, GHL, GPRE, GTE, AMRX, KR, KSS, MATW, MYGN, OMN, QUAD, RAD, RYAM, RYTM, SBH, SCOR, SEMG, SFM, SFNC, SFUN, SIG, SKT, SPN, TV, TX, UNFI, URGN, VICR, WDR, WWW, ABBV, AVYA, CCL, ENR, GTT, IGT, WPGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: BFZ, EHI, GHY, MOSC, MUA, WIWThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CEL, SHIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: BWX, ENZL, FXY, GDX, GDXJ, GLD, HYD, IAU, MUB, SHY13:15TALKX Market Briefing: Fed Chair Powell also tempering market's scope of rate-cut hopes?In a speech on the Economic Outlook and Monetary Policy Review given at the Council of Foreign Relations today, Fed Chair Powell said much of what he said last week following the FOMC meeting.In that sense, one could see it as a dovish speech. The problem today perhaps is that Fed Chair Powell's remarks didn't necessarily make it clear that the Fed is inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at the July meeting.That sense of matters is wrapped up in the following two observations made in the speech:"Against the backdrop of heightened uncertainties, the baseline outlook of my FOMC colleagues, like that of many other forecasters, remains favorable, with unemployment remaining near historic lows.""But we are also mindful that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swing in sentiment."This speech followed on the heels of St. Lois Fed President Bullard saying that he thought a rate cut would be coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.Accordingly, the Powell speech served as another focal point that tempered the market's growing, and pent-up, hope that the Fed would cut by 50 basis points at the July 30-31 meeting. It could still if events, and data, unfold in the interim that suggest such a cut is necessary, but for now, there appear to be some emerging hints in the Fed commentary that suggest the market is probably getting greedy with the expectation that a 50 basis points cut is on the way.13:09SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ABBV (57.23 mln -15.46%), AGN (23.25 mln +26.5%), TEVA (21.69 mln +7.27%), BMY (14.02 mln +0.45%)Materials: GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), KGC (14.76 mln -2.78%), HMY (12.99 mln -5.16%)Industrials: GE (20.66 mln -0.68%)Consumer Discretionary: CZR (57.76 mln +2.27%)Information Technology: AMD (29.78 mln -0.38%), NOK (17.49 mln -0.79%), MSFT (15.84 mln -2.75%), MU (14.28 mln +1.27%)Financials: BAC (27.1 mln -0.66%), ITUB (15.37 mln -1.11%), BBD (13.41 mln -1.52%)Energy: CHK (31 mln -4.97%), SWN (13.3 mln -5.57%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: ABBV (11.7x -15.46%), AGN (7.08x +26.5%), XNCR (4.81x +13.29%), ATRS (4.04x +4.97%), ARQL (2.12x +9.89%)Materials: HMY (2.69x -5.16%), NG (2.25x -0.72%)Industrials: JOBS (3.46x -6.48%), DOOR (3.21x +2.21%)Consumer Discretionary: LEN (3.7x -5.74%), ERI (3.7x -3.87%), CZR (2.79x +2.27%), GRUB (2.19x +5.07%)Information Technology: SCSC (2.96x +2.61%)Financials: VMBS (6.89x +0.03%), VCIT (4.42x -0.01%), BHF (4.18x -13.12%), AEF (2.54x -0.27%)Energy: TOO (3.59x -1.72%)Utilities: ENIC (3x +0.84%)13:08SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: AGN (163.9 +26.5%), XNCR (38.37 +13.29%), RUBY (15.11 +10.21%), ARQL (11 +9.89%), TEVA (8.85 +7.27%), ENDP (3.84 +6.96%), DNLI (20.95 +6.72%), RARX (27.94 +6.56%), INO (2.57 +5.99%), PGNX (5.5 +5.36%)Industrials: GBX (28.96 +7.06%), TGI (19.74 +5.9%)Energy: MDR (8.79 +6.93%), LPI (2.9 +5.84%), OIS (17.94 +5.65%), GLOG (13.89 +5.63%)Consumer Staples: USNA (79.15 +9.41%), RAD (6.78 +7.62%), SPTN (11.53 +5.83%), ELF (13.87 +5.8%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ABBV (66.33 -15.46%), EPZM (13.54 -10.48%)Industrials: JOBS (69.66 -6.48%)Consumer Discretionary: RGS (16.56 -6.76%), SCVL (26.5 -5.96%)Information Technology: GTT (18.52 -7.26%), GSKY (12.15 -6.22%), UPLD (44 -6.13%), SHOP (292.83 -6.09%)Financials: BHF (33.12 -13.12%), HIIQ (24.05 -7.96%), JT (4.08 -6.63%)Consumer Staples: DF (0.97 -6.21%)13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.695% (When-Issued: 1.705%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58Indirect bid: 48.5% Direct bid: 24.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stock market trades lower in front of Powell commentsThe S&P 500 is down 0.5%, as shares of technology companies weigh on the broader market. Investors have shown some caution, buying into U.S. Treasuries, in front of an appearance from Fed Chair Powell at the top of the hour.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.9%. The Russell 2000 is up 0.1% after underperforming yesterday.Mr. Powell's position as Fed Chair usually commands the most attention, but the market has taken a leg lower in recent action after St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter) said a half-point cut in the fed funds rate would be too much. Instead, Mr. Bullard prefers a quarter-point cut.Economic data released today has provided some insight into the housing sector and consumer sentiment that has also disappointed investors. New homes sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000), and the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0).Today's action has been largely risk-off, which is being reflected across losses in nine of the 11 S&P 500 sectors. Leading today's retreat are the S&P 500 communication services (-1.4%), information technology (-1.2%), and consumer discretionary (-0.7%) sectors. The materials (+0.1%) and real estate (+0.02%) sectors cling onto slim gains.Home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.33, -3.13, -6.1%) has also contributed to the cautious sentiment after it issued downside Q3 guidance, discouraging investors after it provided positive quarterly results earlier in the day.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space. Allergan (AGN 164.00, +34.41, +26.6%) confirmed it will be acquired by pharmaceutical company AbbVie (ABBV 66.33, -12.12, -15.5%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie currently down over 15%, the deal represents a 37% premium to AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries have advanced, pushing the benchmark 10-yr yield down three basis points to 1.99%, as investors remain cautious about the economic outlook. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 96.21.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).12:48TALKX Market Briefing: Bullard reins in scope of rate-cut expectationsThe stock market has hit an air pocket, moving to its lows for the session, following comments from St. Louis Fed President Bullard (FOMC voter) who said he sees a rate cut coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.This remark caused some knee-jerk selling interest, as there has been a growing belief that the Fed will be inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at its July 30-31 FOMC meeting. The fact that one of the Fed's biggest doves -- if not the biggest -- is seemingly trying to rein in the market's rate-cut hopes has taken some of that rate-cut premium out of stock prices.As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell has a speaking engagement at 1:00 p.m. ET.The Russell 2000 is down 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.5%; the S&P 500 is down 0.6%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.12:00MSFT Microsoft hit by profit-taking interest (134.79 -2.99)Shares of Dow component Microsoft (MSFT 134.56, -3.22, -2.3%), which is also the largest stock by market capitalization, are underperforming today. That has to do in large part with how the stock has outperformed since June 3.Entering today, Microsoft was up 15% since June 3 (i.e. the day before Fed Chair Powell said the Fed would act appropriately to sustain the expansion) versus a 7.3% gain for the S&P 500 and a 9.2% gain for the Nasdaq Composite.A 15% move in a stock the size of Microsoft is a massive move and left shares of MSFT 21% above their 200-day moving average. The basis for today's selling, then, is a pullback from a short-term overbought condition.That condition was brought to light today by the analyst at Jefferies who raised his price target to $90 from $80, but maintained an Underperform rating and called the stock "materially overvalued."It won't be lost on investors that MSFT has defied the Jefferies view of the stock's prospects in a big way leading into today; nonetheless, with the broader market in a consolidation mode in front of the G-20 summit, the Jefferies view today looks to have served as another profit-taking catalyst.11:45SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -0.27%, FTSE +0.13%, CAC -0.05%---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.03%Germany's DAX: -0.27%U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.13%France's CAC 40: -0.05%Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.73%Spain's IBEX 35: -0.24%11:41SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Xencor (XNCR) rises on addition to S&P SmallCap 600 index -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersXNCR (38.25 +12.92%): Co will take the place of HFF Inc. (HF) in the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 2, upon that company's pending acquisition by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). At five-month highs. KRYS (45.8 +11.15%): Continued strength following updates from trials of KB103. Co also announced a public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock priced at $40.00/share, for gross proceeds of approx. $100.0 mln. Extends to further all-time highs. USNA (77.05 +6.51%): Designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 1, replacing Fidelity Southern (LION) upon its acquisition by by Ameris Bancorp (ABCB).Small Cap LosersFRTA (4.10 -10.20%): Announced that its CEO, Jeff Bradley, has stepped down as CEO and as one of co's directors in order to pursue other opportunities; co has appointed Karl H. Watson, Jr., most recently COO of Summit Materials (SUM), has been appointed to succeed Mr. Bradley. Co also announced the appointment of John McPherson as Lead Director and non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board, a newly created role, and noted that it "continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance" and that it "remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow." At two-month lows.EPZM (13.8 -8.72%): Tracks lower after spiking to a new 52-week high near yesterday's open and after having netted gains of circa +29% last week, bolstered by interim data for tazemetostat.SCOR (6.87 -7.66%): Sees continued weakness, down by circa 17% in the most recent three sessions. News items for co in recent days include its announcement of an agreement with an institutional investor for a $20 mln private placement of common stocks and warrants with potential to increase to approx. $50 mln and its announcement of a strategic partnership with MediaScience to research cross-platform advertising. Recent sector news included LiveRamp's (RAMP) acquisition, announced yesterday, of media measurement company Data Plus Math for a total consideration of $150 mln. Posts all-time lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 2.125% Bid-to-cover: 2.75 Indirect bid: 46.6% Direct bid: 27.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%11:20GIS General Mills Fourth Quarter Earnings Preview (53.87 +0.20)General Mills (GIS) will report fourth quarter earnings tomorrow before the open. There is a conference call scheduled for 8:30 ET. Q4 Capital IQ consensus calls for EPS of $0.76 (-4% yr/yr) on revenue of $4.24 bln (+8.8% yr/yr). The company is expected to guide for FY20 where consensus stands at $3.31 (-4.8% yr/yr) and $17.3 bln for revenues (+1.6% yr/yr).Looking back, the company beat on EPS four times in a row, but missed on revenues four times in a row. GIS shares increased 3% following its Q4 results. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, General Mills expects Blue Buffalo's net sales and segment operating profit growth will accelerate meaningfully, driven by significant distribution expansion in the FDM channel. Based on the GIS weekly Jun28 $54 straddle, the options market is currently pricing in a move of ~6% in either direction by weekly expiration (Friday).On a positive report, look for resistance near the $58.00-58.50 area, while support sits near the $49.00-49.50 vicinity.GIS has a market cap of ~$32 bln and trades at ~16x FY20 earnings, a notable discount to the average consumer packaged goods stock at 22x.11:13XPH Pharma is the big winner today after second large M&A deal is announced in as many weeksPharma and biotech stocks are the clear winners in trading this morning. With ABBV announcing today it will acquire AGN just a week after PFE said it will acquire ARRY, there is a lot of excitement in the group. What's notable is that both acquiring companies have blockbuster drugs (ABBV with Humira and PFE with Lyrica) that are soon facing patent expirations. It's clear large pharmas want to restock their portfolios. It's leading to speculation as to which companies may be next.On the other side of the spectrum, China, IT and gold stocks are showing weakness today.10:35SUMRX Morning Commodities: Oil sheds gains, now modestly lower, gold over 1% higherCommodities are higher (+0.5% at 79.88 as measured by the Bloomberg Commodity Index)Dollar index is slightly lower (-0.04% at 95.9420)Looking at energy:Jul WTI crude oil futures are now -$0.08 (-0.1%) at $57.82/barrelIn other energy, Jul natural gas is -$0.4 (-1.9%) at $2.24/MMBtu Moving on to metals:Aug gold is currently +$18.15 (+1.3%) at $1436.35/oz, while Jul silver is +$0.05 at $15.43/ozJul copper is now +$0.03 (+1.0%) at 2.73/lb10:31SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence & New Home Sales miss expectationsEconomic Data Summary:April Case Schiller Home Price Index 0.4% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.5%; March was 2.7% April FHFA Housing Price Index 2.5% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; March was revised to 2.6% from 0.1% June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs Briefing.com consensus of 132.0; May was revised to 131.3 from 134.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.May New Home Sales 626K vs Briefing.com consensus of 683K; April was revised to 679K from 673 The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -3.4%) May Durable Orders due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of -0.3%; April was -2.1%) May Durable Orders -- Ex Transportation due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; April was 0.0%) May Advance International Trade in Goods due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was -$72.1 bln) May Advance Retail Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.5%) May Advance Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.7%)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bostric to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bullard to speak today at 17:30 ET.The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week.Tuesday: $40 bln in 2 Year Treasury NotesWednesday: $41 bln in 5 Year Treasury NotesThursday: $32 bln in 7 Year Treasury NotesOther International Events of InterestChinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.10:17OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:BHC Jul 24 calls are seeing interest with 4420 contracts trading vs. open int of 100, pushing implied vol up around 16 points to ~52%. Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.Puts:HRL Sep 42.5 puts are seeing interest with 4060 contracts trading vs. open int of 10, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~24%. 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Stocks seeing volatility selling:FDS, LEN implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.68, VIX: (15.48, +0.22, +1.4%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:10TALKX Market Briefing: Soft start followed by some soft economic dataThe stock market has started to day's session on a soft note. This isn't altogether surprising given the lack of conviction seen in the futures market ahead of the open.At the same time, it isn't all that surprising given that market participants are spying a 1:00 p.m. ET speaking appearance by Fed Chair Powell as a potential market mover and given that the highly-anticipated G-20 summit is sitting on the weekend horizon.Just not much conviction right now on the part of buyers, who have been very active throughout the month of June, which is on track to be the best June for the S&P 500 since 1955!The broader market will be excused, then, for taking a little time to consolidate after a big run. Some disappointing consumer confidence data for June (121.5 vs. 132.0 Briefing.com consensus) and weaker-than-expected new home sales data for May (626K vs. 683K Briefing.com consensus) have also cast a pall on buying efforts.Treasuries, on the other hand, have benefited from the disappointing data. The 10-yr note yield is down three basis points to 1.99%.Separately, the health care space is one of the more actively-traded areas in the stock market today following AbbVie's (ABBV 66.89, -11.56, -14.7%) $63 billion cash-and-stock offer to acquire Allergan (AGN 164.69, +35.12, +27.1%), the maker of Botox.The Russell 2000 is up 0.1%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%; the S&P 500 is down 0.2%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.10:04AJG Arthur J. Gallagher to purchase a minority stake in Prague-based Renomia a.s.; terms not disclosed (86.87 -0.11)The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019. Renomia is the largest independent broker based in the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region.10:01ECONX June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs 132.0 Briefing.com consensus10:01ECONX May New Home Sales 626K vs 683K Briefing.com consensus09:47NRZ New Residential Investment 'launched an opportunistic underwritten public offering of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ' (15.97 )The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for investments and general corporate purposes.09:43OR Osisko Gold Royalties increases previously announced bought-deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares (10.96 -0.49)Osisko Gold Royalties announces that, due to strong demand, Betelgeuse LLC has entered into a revised agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets to increase the size of its previously announced bought deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per common share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $110,685,000. Osisko will not be receiving any of the proceeds of the secondary offering. Amounts are in Canadian dollars.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Wall Street opens slightly lower amid weakness in financialsThe major averages begin the day slightly lower. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows most holding modest losses. The communication services (-0.5%) and financials (-0.7%) sectors show relative weakness, while the real estate (+0.3%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are the lone sectors trading higher.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.73%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 2.00%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 96.01. WTI crude is up 0.3% to $58.05/bbl.09:28WIRES On The WiresKandi Technologies (KNDI) announced that its JV with Geely Group, Kandi Electric Vehicles Group, has received a national subsidy payment of RMB 876 mln from the Chinese government for sales of new energy vehicles, consisting of RMB 742.8 mln for pure EV sales during 2015 and 2016 and RMB 133.4 mln for partial EV sales in 2017.Progenics Pharm (PGNX) announced that results from studies highlighting the PSMA-targeted imaging agent, PyL, were presented at the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2019 Annual Meeting. The results included data from the company's Phase 2/3 OSPREY trial in men with high risk and metastatic prostate cancer and three presentations from an investigator-sponsored study conducted under the company's PyL Research Access Program that evaluated PyL in men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. Collectively, the data presented highlights the potential of PyL to detect locally advanced prostate cancer, biochemically recurrent prostate cancer, and metastatic disease. ANI Pharma (ANIP) announced the launch of Ranitidine Capsules, 150mg and 300mg. The current annual US market for this product is approx. $40 mln, according to Iqvia/IMS Health.Tricida (TCDA) announced that The Lancet published online detailed results from its long-term, Phase 3, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial, TRCA-301E, in 196 patients with chronic kidney disease and metabolic acidosis.TILT Biotherapeutics, a company working in the area of enabling tumor T-cell therapies and checkpoint inhibiting antibodies with oncolytic viruses, has entered into an agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt (MKKGY) and Pfizer (PFE) to evaluate its armed oncolytic virus, TILT-123, with avelumab in patients with solid tumors refractory to routine modalities.Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) announced a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Vaccine Research Center (VRC) enabling the VRC's use of Halozyme's ENHANZE drug delivery technology to develop subcutaneous formulations of broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) against HIV for HIV treatment. The two bnAbs selected for the CRADA are VRC07-523LS and N6LS.Bausch Health (BHC) put in notice to pay down an additional $100 mln of its senior secured term loans this week, using cash generated from operations. After this payment, the company will have eliminated all mandatory amortization for the first quarter of 2020.Dova Pharmaceuticals (DOVA) today announced that the European Commission has granted marketing authorization for DOPTELET (avatrombopag) for the treatment of severe thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo an invasive procedure.09:10WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +1.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -3.50.Much like yesterday, today's opening indication is looking flattish as investors appear content remaining in a wait-and-see mode for G-20. The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, above fair value.Allergan (AGN 169.75, +40.18, +31.0%) and AbbVie (ABBV 70.80, -7.65, -9.7%), meanwhile, have made some noise in a mega-merger deal worth about $63 billion. AbbVie will acquire Allergan for $188.24 per share in cash and stock, or a 45% premium to Allergan's closing price on Monday, but that premium is shrinking in pre-market action as shares of AbbVie trade lower by 9.7%.In housing data, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).09:00ECONX April S&P Case Shiller Home Price Index Yr/Yr +2.5% vs +2.5% Briefing.com consensus08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -0.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -7.40.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%Major European indices trade mostly in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%08:47TRWH Twin River Worldwide commences a modified Dutch auction to purchase shares of its common stock for cash at a price per share of not less than $29.50 nor greater than $33.00 in increments of $0.25 (29.17 )08:42WIRES On The WiresADTRAN (ADTN) has joined the prpl Foundation-an open-source, community-driven, collaborative non-profit foundation that strives to enable the security and interoperability of embedded devices. ADTRAN Subscriber Solutions & Experience CTO, David La Cagnina, will now serve on the prpl Foundation Board of Directors. La Cagnina has been active in prpl through SmartRG, which ADTRAN acquired late last year. ADTRAN increased support for the foundation to further demonstrate commitment to driving the industry toward open, programmable, software-defined access infrastructures.nLIGHT (LASR) announced the introduction of the Corona CFX-8000, the latest high-power fiber laser in the Corona product family. Corona fiber lasers incorporate programmable beam characteristics to bring together the speed and cost advantages of traditional fiber lasers with the superior thick metal cutting of CO2 lasers.Vonage (VG) expanded the reach of its channel partner program with the addition of P2 Communications Management, LLC, a national IT advisory and management firm. With Vonage's fully integrated communications offering, P2 Communications Management can offer its customers a unique combination of applications and programmable communications via APIs to help enhance both employee and customer experiences.Medidata (MDSO) announced that global pharmaceutical company Orion will consolidate all clinical trials on the Medidata Rave Clinical Cloud and expand its use of trial management solutions to support growth of its R&D pipeline.Iteris (ITI) was awarded a two-year contract by the Wyoming Department of Transportation, continuing its support of the state's 511 service and maintaining its position as a market leader in the nationwide traveler information system market, with a 25% share.Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII) received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for key claims covering the composition and method of manufacturing for Grandevo WDG, an MBI developed microbial-based bioinsecticide.08:37TDOC Teladoc appoints Mala Murthy as CFO; Most recently, Murthy was CFO of the Global Commercial Services Segment of American Express (62.75 )08:32MRTX Mirati Therapeutics prices 2.1 mln common stock offering at $97.00/share (100.75 )08:32ACER Acer Therapeutics receives Complete Response Letter from the FDA regarding its New Drug Application for EDSIVO for the treatment of vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (19.28 )The CRL states that it will be necessary to conduct an adequate and well-controlled trial to determine whether celiprolol reduces the risk of clinical events in patients with vEDS. Acer plans to request a meeting to discuss the FDA's response.08:27WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -1.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -8.50.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Iran is in the news again after it said a diplomatic solution with the U.S. is now closed after President Trump imposed new sanctions yesterday, according to Bloomberg. Tensions have yet to have a meaningful impact on the stock market, but tensions are having a noticeable effect on gold futures, which are up another 0.9% to $1430.30/oz.The precious metal, which tends to rise amid geopolitical uncertainty, is up 9.5% this month. Lower U.S. Treasury yields have also made gold more appealing to investors.Separately, FedEx (FDX 159.92, -0.98, -0.6%) filed a lawsuit against the Commerce Department to stop the government from requiring it to enforce the Huawei Technologies restrictions, according to The Wall Street Journal. On a related note, the economic bellwether will release its earnings report after today's close.08:12SUMRX Gapping up/down: LEN +5% and FDS +2% after earnings, AGN +32% and ABBV -8% after M&A news, PYX +15% after Imperial Capital initiates stock with $71 PT; SHOP -1.5% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:10CHTR Charter Comm to offer $750 mln of senior notes (392.44 )08:10SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:09WIRES On The WiresGarmin International, Inc., a unit of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN), announced that Fusion, a Garmin brand and worldwide leader in marine entertainment, has been selected as a supplier of choice for the Independent Boat Builders, Inc. (IBBI), the industry's largest purchasing cooperative. Beginning Model Year 2020, this agreement will give members direct access to Fusion's full line of audio entertainment products through 2024. Comprised of a 19-member network of leading boat brands, IBBI members collectively build nearly 25% of all boats sold in the U.S.Aspen RxHealth announced today that Humana Inc. (HUM) has chosen the company's app-based platform to connect pharmacists with patients to deliver clinical services, including medication therapy management. Covetrus (CVET) announced a new strategic partnership with Heart + Paw, an integrated pet care company that offers comprehensive wellness for animals, including veterinary care, boarding, daycare, grooming and community experiences to pets and their parents. Heart + Paw opened its first center in June 2019 and has significant national growth plans with an initial focus on the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) has received the first order for the new Purion XE Power Series implanter from a leading power device manufacturer. The new Purion XE product line extension will be used in high volume production of power devices supporting automotive, mobile and the IoT market spaces. The system is scheduled to ship in the third quarter. Predictive Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of Predictive Technology Group, Inc. (PRED), a leader in the use of data analytics for disease identification and subsequent clinical intervention through precision therapeutic treatments, announces that data from a study of the genes underlying endometriosis may lead to new pathophysiology insights, improved diagnostics and novel treatment approaches. The study data was discussed in an oral presentation by Kenneth Ward, M.D. at the 2019 European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology annual meeting in Vienna, Austria.08:07SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryLonger Tenors Tick HigherU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near yesterday's closing levels. Treasury futures stayed on an upward path during the overnight session, but the market found resistance near highs from Friday. The ensuing pullback ran into support near levels from yesterday, leaving Treasuries with modest gains at this juncture. Yesterday's session was quiet, but today, the market will receive some housing and consumer confidence data while the U.S. Treasury will sell $40 bln in 2-yr notes. Fed Chairman Jay Powell will speak in the early afternoon. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 96.05, seeking its first advance in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: UNCH at 1.69% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.75% 10-yr: -1 bp to 2.01% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.54%News: Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. Hong Kong's May trade deficit totaled HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). Imports decreased 4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) while exports fell 2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) The new British Prime Minister will be announced on July 23. France's June Business Survey decreased to 102 (expected 104) from 104. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. Commodities: WTI Crude: -0.4% to $57.68/bbl Gold: +1.0% to $1431.90/ozt Copper: +0.9% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.1385 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2728 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8783 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: April S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%; prior 2.7%) and April FHFA Housing Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.1%) 10:00 ET: June Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 132.0; prior 134.1) and May New Home Sales (Briefing.com consensus 683,000; prior 673,000) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 8:45 ET: New York Fed President (FOMC voter) John Williams 12:00 ET: Atlanta Fed President (non-voter) Raphael Bostic 13:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:01RFL Rafael Holdings enters into an out-licensing agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical (24.00 )Rafael will receive a one-time upfront payment of approximately $12.9 million USD and up to an additional approximately $150.3 million USD if certain development and commercial milestones are achieved. Rafael will also receive low-double digit royalties based on net sales of the Products in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries. ONO will have exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products for all indications in ONO's territory. Rafael continuously retains all exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products outside of ONO's territory.07:53WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -13.30.U.S. equity futures are slightly lower after a mixed session yesterday, as investors continue to await the G-20 summit at the end of the week. The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.In the meantime, the market will hear from several Fed officials throughout the day with Fed Chair Powell headlining the bunch. Mr. Powell will participate in an interview with The New York Times at 1:00 p.m. ET to discuss the challenges facing the economy and the policies of the Federal Reserve.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space this morning. Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93, +29.2%) confirmed it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a nearly 45% premium to Allergan's closing price from Monday.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) at 9:00 a.m. ET. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) and New Home Sales for May (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) will be released at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 2.01%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 96.05. WTI crude is down 0.3% to $57.75/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93): +29.2% after confirming it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a 43.8% premium to AGN's closing price from Monday. Lennar (LEN 53.98, +2.57): +5.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. FactSet (FDS 302.13, +8.80): +3.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -1.2%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.9%, India's Sensex +0.8%, South Korea's Kospi -0.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.2%.In economic data:Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%)South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9)Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%)New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)In news:Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases.Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies.South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.Major European indices trade in negative territory. STOXX Europe 600 -0.1%, Germany's DAX UNCH, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.1%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.5%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.6%.In economic data:U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27)France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104)Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)In news:Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years.The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament.European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.07:51OR Osisko Gold Royalties entered into a bought-deal agreement (11.45 )Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd announces that Betelgeuse LLC, a jointly owned subsidiary of certain investment funds managed by Orion Resource Partners, has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets, pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, an aggregate of 6,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per Common Share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $96,585,000.07:37AKRX Akorn received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018 --halted-- (4.73 )Douglas Boothe, Akorn's President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "Akorn is committed to resolving the warning letter in a comprehensive and effective manner. Earlier this year, Akorn launched a companywide action plan to improve the timing and effectiveness of our operations, quality systems and compliance enhancement initiatives, with an emphasis on transparency and quality. We believe the execution of this action plan, which has already begun to yield tangible results, will strengthen and further standardize our quality systems across the entire Akorn network."07:32PCRX Pacira Pharma announces that its MAA for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia was validated by the EMA (43.12 )The MAA for EXPAREL is supported by clinical evidence across several surgical indications, including patients undergoing Cesarean section and total knee arthroplasty procedures. In December 2018, the EMA issued a positive opinion for the company's Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX UNCH, FTSE -0.1%, CAC -0.1%Major European indices trade in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%---FX---EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1379 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2737 USD/CHF: +0.6% to 0.977107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -0.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.10.07:07WIRES On The WiresOn June 20, 2019, the Board of Directors of Hologic (HOLX) approved the amendment and restatement of the Company's Bylaws to implement proxy access bylaw provisions and to make other non-material changes. The proxy access bylaw provisions permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, who have held three percent or more of the Company's stock for at least three years, to nominate and include in the Company's annual proxy materials director nominees constituting the greater of twenty percent or two members of the Company's Board of Directors, provided that the shareholders and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Company's Bylaws.IHG (IHG) and Sands China (SCHYY) announced that The Venetian Macao and The Parisian Macao will become InterContinental Alliance Resorts beginning today. In addition, The Londoner Hotel in Macao will join the alliance when it opens in 2020 following the renovation of the current Holiday Inn Macao Cotai Central. IHG and The Venetian Resort Las Vegas also announced the long-term extension of their alliance. The partnership extends through to 2027 at all five properties.Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced that the first patient, who completed the Phase 2 clinical trial ANAVEX2-73-RS-001 voluntarily moved into the extension study and was dosed in the extension study for the treatment of Rett syndrome.Bausch Health Companies Inc. (BHC) and its dermatology business, Ortho Dermatologics, announced that DUOBRII (halobetasol propionate and tazarotene) Lotion, 0.01%/0.045%, will be available commercially to health care professionals starting this week. Linde (LIN) announced today it has signed a long-term agreement with ExxonMobil (XOM) Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. to support the latest multi-billion dollar expansion of the company's integrated manufacturing complex in Singapore. This will be the single largest sale of gas contract in the history of the newly merged Linde and of its legacy companies.07:05FDS FactSet beats by $0.25, beats on revs; raises FY19 EPS guidance; narrows FY19 revenue guidance (293.33 )Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $2.62 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.25 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.37; revenues rose 7.2% year/year to $364.5 mln vs the $359.25 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.ASV plus professional services was $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019. Organic ASV plus professional services was also $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019, up $76.5 mln from the prior year at a growth rate of 5.6%. Organic ASV, which excludes the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, plus professional services, increased $4.5 mln over the last three months.Co issues raised guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $9.80-9.90 from $9.50-9.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $9.61 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $1.42-1.44 bln from $1.41-1.45 bln vs. $1.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:03ARVN Arvinas: FDA has cleared the company's IND for ARV-471 for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ER positive / HER2 negative breast cancer (21.87 )Arvinas expects to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for ARV-471 in the third quarter of 2019. In preclinical studies, ARV-471 demonstrated near-complete ER degradation in tumor cells, induced robust tumor shrinkage when dosed as a single agent in multiple ER-driven xenograft models, and showed superior anti-tumor activity as a single agent and in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor when compared to a standard of care agent, fulvestrant, dosed as single agent or in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Arvinas believes the differentiated pharmacology of ARV-471, including its iterative degradation activity, has the potential to translate into meaningful clinical benefit for patients.07:02NTEC Intec Pharma announces publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients (4.16 )The article reviews pharmacokinetic and efficacy data from the Company's phase 2, multicenter, open-label, two-way randomized crossover study that evaluated multiple dose strengths of the AP-CD/LD (50/250 mg, 50/375 mg or 50/500 mg) twice daily in one treatment period and an active comparator in the other treatment period. The article presents results from cohorts 1-4 out of the 6 cohorts of PD patients who participated in the study. Pharmacokinetics (PK) and efficacy were evaluated for AP-CD/LD compared with immediate release Carbidopa/Levodopa (IR-CD/LD). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and patient- and investigator-reported measures were also evaluated. The PK results showed that compared with IR-CD/LD, treatment with either AP-CD/LD dose demonstrated more stable LD plasma concentrations in both fluctuating and non-fluctuating PD patients, and significantly decreased the LD Cmax (57.1% and 66.8% decreases among fluctuating and non-fluctuating patients, respectively).07:01ARQL ArQule prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share (10.01 )07:01RMBS Rambus sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V); terms not disclosed (11.55 )The combination of Visa's network tokenization capabilities with the local and account tokenization technology of Rambus will facilitate safer, more secure payments across all forms of global commerce.07:00ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints (7.09 )Statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints, due to high rates of disease resolution in vehicle-treated patients, but activity of reproxalap was consistently greater than that of vehicle. Noninfectious anterior uveitis program to be discontinued. The co plans to prioritize Phase 3 ocular pipeline programs in dry eye disease, allergic conjunctivitis, and proliferative vitreoretinopathy.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -1.2%, Shanghai -0.9%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: UNCH at 6.8792 USD/INR: +0.2% to 69.3606:56S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -16.00.06:56European MarketsFTSE...7399.75...-16.90...-0.20%. DAX...12268.81...-5.80...-0.10%.06:56Asian MarketsNikkei...21194...-92.20...-0.40%. Hang Seng...28186...-327.00...-1.20%.06:55FXI Shanghai... -0.87%06:50MOR MorphoSys names Jean-Paul Kress, M.D. CEO effective September 1 (26.18 )In his new position, Dr. Kress will succeed Dr. Simon Moroney, who had announced his decision not to renew his contract as a member of MorphoSys's Management Board in February 2019 and who will step down as CEO on September 1, 2019. Prior to joining MorphoSys, Dr. Kress served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Syntimmune, now a subsidiary of Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN).06:44AGN Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock (129.57 )Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, Allergan Shareholders will receive 0.8660 AbbVie Shares and $120.30 in cash for each Allergan Share that they hold, for a total consideration of $188.24 per Allergan Share. The transaction represents a 45% premium to the closing price of Allergan's Shares on June 24, 2019.AbbVie anticipates that the Acquisition will provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 billion in year three while leaving investments in key growth franchises untouched. The synergies and other cost reductions will be a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, and reducing overlapping R&D resources (~50%), driving efficiencies in SG&A, including sales and marketing and central support function costs (~40%), and eliminating redundancies in manufacturing and supply chain, and leveraging procurement spend (~10%). The synergies estimate excludes any potential revenue synergies.AbbVie is expected to generate significant annual operating cash flow, which will support a debt reduction target of $15 to $18 billion before the end of 2021, while also enabling a continued commitment to Baa2/BBB or better credit rating and continued dividend growth.This transaction is expected to be 10% accretive to adjusted earnings per share over the first full year following the close of the transaction, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. ROIC is expected to exceed AbbVie's cost of capital within the first full year.The companies anticipate closing of the transaction by early 202006:41SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:AGN +35.1%, ALDX +14.9%, XNCR +8%, RMTI +4.7%, LEN +4.1%, NBRV +2.4%, GNFT +2.3%, CBAY +2.2%, ARQL +1.4%Gapping down:ABBV -5%, BYND -3.9%, AAXN -1.2%, MRTX -1.2%, MKTX -1.1%, EQT -1.1%, KRYS -0.5%06:07WIRES On The WiresU.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) announced that it has entered into an agreement with AmeriMex Motor & Controls, LLC., a subsidiary of Industrial Service Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, AmeriMex will provide electric motors exclusively to USWS as it relates to electric hydraulic fracturing.Ctrip (CTRP) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways at the Ctrip Headquarter in Shanghai. This MOU will enable Ctrip to work closely with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways on business development and joint promotional activities. This will help to accelerate Fiji's existing marketing activities in China.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Carna Biosciences Inc. announced that the companies have entered into a research and development collaboration to develop and commercialize small molecule compounds in immuno-oncology and to access Carna's proprietary lipid kinase drug discovery platform. Under the terms of the license agreement, Gilead will license from Carna worldwide rights to develop and commercialize inhibitors against an undisclosed immuno-oncology target. In connection with this agreement, Carna will receive an upfront payment of $20 million and is eligible to receive up to an additional $450 million in potential milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestones. Carna will also receive royalties on future net sales.Norbord Inc. (OSB) reported that its OSB mill in High Level, Alberta was cleared to restart, and safely resumed normal operations over the weekend. The MacKenzie County mandatory evacuation order and town of High Level evacuation alert were both lifted this afternoon and MacKenzie County remains under an evacuation alert. The curtailment is not expected to materially impact Norbord's second quarter results.ERYTECH Pharma (ERYP) announced that it has entered into an agreement with SQZ Biotechnologies, a cell therapy company developing novel treatments in multiple therapeutic areas, to advance novel RBC-based therapeutics for immune modulation. ERYTECH is eligible to receive up to $57 million in combined upfront and potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for the first product successfully developed by SQZ under this agreement. ERYTECH will also be eligible to receive sales royalties, and up to a total of $50 million in commercial milestone payments related to each additional approved product or approved indication.06:05LEN Lennar beats by $0.16, beats on revs (51.41 )Reports Q2 (May) earnings of $1.30 per share, $0.16 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.14; revenues rose 1.9% year/year to $5.56 bln vs the $5.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:03KRYS Krystal Biotech prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share (41.20 )06:01EQT EQT Corp.: Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT (15.38 )06:01WIRES On The WiresTaiwan Liposome Company, Ltd. (TLC) announced the signing of a development and license agreement with Birdie Biopharmaceuticals Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals Corp. Birdie and Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals are clinical stage biotech companies focused on the development of immunotherapy to treat cancer.Tilray Inc. (TLRY) announced it has imported medical cannabis oral solutions in bulk into the United Kingdom from its Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)-certified facility in Canada. This export allows Tilray to provide authorized U.K. patients in need with a locally maintained supply of medical cannabis oral solutions.Almirall, S.A. and Dermira, Inc. (DERM) announced that Almirall has exercised its option to license rights to develop and commercialize lebrikizumab for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and certain other indications in Europe. Almirall and Dermira previously entered into an option and license agreement in February 2019 pursuant to which Almirall was granted this exclusive option in exchange for an upfront option fee of $30 million. As a result of Almirall's decision to exercise its option, the company will pay Dermira $50 million, and Dermira will be eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, including $30 million in connection with the initiation of certain Phase 3 clinical studies.Amazon (AMZN) announced that this July, Amazon will provide Prime members worldwide the chance to get epic deals during its longest Prime Day ever. Prime Day starts at midnight PT on Monday, July 15 and -- for the first time ever -- runs for 48 hours, offering members two full days with more than one million deals around the world.Amcor plc (AMCR) announces it has entered into a binding agreement with Kohlberg & Company, for the sale of three former Bemis plants located in the United Kingdom and Ireland for cash consideration of USD 394 million (347 million). Collectively these three plants generate annual sales of approximately USD 170 million from the sale of flexible packaging for certain healthcare products. This divestment was required by the European Commission at the time of approving Amcor's acquisition of Bemis on 11 February 2019.06:00CS Credit Suisse announces the combination of its third party investment fund platform Credit Suisse InvestLab with Allfunds (11.66 )The agreement will create a global fund distribution platform with combined assets under administration of more than CHF 570 bln and distinct distribution competences. The combined business leverages the global wealth management footprint of Credit Suisse and the technological innovation of Allfunds, further enhancing the service offering to asset managers and distributors worldwide.The transaction comprises the transfer of all shares in Credit Suisse InvestLab, including the service agreements, and the related distribution agreements of Credit Suisse to Allfunds Group. As part of this combination, Credit Suisse will become a minority shareholder of up to 18% in the combined business and will be represented at the Board. Going forward, Credit Suisse will utilize the combined business platform to distribute mutual funds and ETFs.Upon the projected closing in Q3 2019, the transaction will have a limited regulatory capital benefit and is expected to result in a 0.5% RoTE uplift for the financial year 2019 for this transaction alone, all other things being equal.06:00BMWYY BMW Group steps up the pace of e-mobility expansion (24.12 )Co says sales of electrified vehicles to climb more than 30% per year up to 2025.Co is adjusting frequency to up the tempo of its electromobility expansion program. The company will now achieve the total of 25 electrified models previously announced for 2025 two years earlier, in 2023. Thanks to flexible vehicle architectures for fully-electric, plug-in hybrid and combustion engine drive trains, the company is able to respond quickly to changing conditions. More than half of the 25 models will be fully electric.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back in early tradeThe global equity markets are off to a slightly weaker start to begin the day. The markets appear to be trading with some caution and profit taking heading into the long awaited G-20 conference later this week. S&P Futures continue to be range bound. The index is trading around 2949, with the overnight high pegged at 2958.25, while the session low sits at 2942.25.In Asia, both China and Japan finished lower. The Shanghai gave up 0.9% that seemed more like profit taking after last week's run higher. There were also reports that President Trump talked down expectations for the G-20 summit. Japanese shares lost ground following media reports that President Trump is mulling a revamp of the long standing peace treaty with Japan, suggesting the state pick up more slack for its defense. Automotive and Export stocks saw weakness with names such as Toyota and Sony both losing 1% on the day. European bourses are doing very little this morning, under very slight pressure in correspondence with the US and Asia.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -1.010 yr Note: 2.02%USD/JPY: 107.09 -0.21EUR/USD: 1.1383 -0.0016Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX -0.1% CAC -0.1%Asia: Hang Seng -1.2% Shanghai -0.9% Nikkei -0.4%Gold (1432.90 +14.70) Silver (15.45 +0.07) Crude (57.91 +0.01)17:44FBK FB Financial to sell its Correspondent Lending channel to Rushmore Loan Management Services; expects the transaction to close early Q3 (35.08 -0.07)In addition to the $1.1 million restructuring expense reported for the first quarter of 2019, FB Financial expects to record additional restructuring charges of up to $1.5 million to cover transaction related expenses, severance and other items related to its mortgage operations. Excluding the impact of the mortgage restructuring charges noted above, FB Financial expects an increase in the operating results from its total mortgage operations in the second quarter of 2019 as compared to the first quarter of 2019. During the quarter the mortgage operations have experienced both strong origination volumes and elevated prepayments in the mortgage servicing rights portfolio.17:38FLR Fluor's Stork with its consortium partners was awarded a 4-year framework agreement for plant turnaround services by Ecopetrol (EC) (31.11 -0.95)The Colombia-based consortium includes Stork as the international lead partner, Rampint as the local partner in Barrancabermeja and Servimant as the local partner in Cartagena. The agreement also includes two extension options for an additional two years each. Both refineries supply fuel to meet Colombia's national and export product needs. Fluor booked the undisclosed contract value in the second quarter of 2019.17:30MDCO The Medicines Co also launched public offering of $150.0 mln of shares of common stock (35.36 -1.04)17:25MDCO The Medicines Co files mixed securities shelf offering (35.36 -1.04)16:54ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics will hold call on June 25 at 8 a.m. Eastern Time to provide top-line results from the SOLACE trial of topical ocular reproxalap in patients with noninfectious anterior uveitis (7.09 -0.34)16:49KRYS Krystal Biotech announces it has commenced $100 mln public offering of common stock; all shares will be sold by the company (41.20 +12.05)16:38ARQL ArQule also commences underwritten public offering of common stock (10.01 -0.48)There can be no assurances as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. Co intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to fund its core clinical programs and for general corporate purposes.16:35EHC Encompass Health makes minority equity investment in MedalogixMedalogix provides predictive analytics and data science for home health and hospice. Medalogix is assisting Encompass Health in preparing for the impending changes to the Patient-Driven Groupings Model, a new home health payment model for Medicare patients expected to take effect January 1, 2020.16:34ARQL ArQule files mixed securities shelf offering (10.01 -0.48)16:33CHS Chico's FAS issues open letter to shareholders announcing additional actions supporting corporate governance (3.32 -0.06)Board of Directors unanimously approves an amendment to company bylaws to opt out of Florida's control share acquisition statute bylaw amendment. This provides voting rights for all Chico's FAS shareholders and eliminates the need for a special meeting as recently requested by Sycamore Partners."To be clear, this bylaw amendment relates solely to voting rights; it does not speak to the merits of, or otherwise advance, Sycamore's unsolicited acquisition proposal, nor does it speak to whether the Company should engage with Sycamore on its proposal. As previously announced, Sycamore's June 19, 2019 proposal is being reviewed by the Board. On this point, we appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders for the Board's decision to reject Sycamore's May 10 acquisition proposal and the confidence expressed in our ability to improve the Company's growth and value creation. We also appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders over the past weeks for our new operating priorities and the improvements underway in these areas."16:32IBP Installed Building Products announces acquisition of Expert Insulation and Expert Insulation of Brainerd; terms not disclosed (54.29 +0.24)Founded in 1998, Expert Insulation serves the Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota markets through branch locations in Rochester and Brainerd, Minnesota. The company provides fiberglass and spray foam insulation installation services, as well as waterproofing services for commercial, residential, and multi-family customers. The acquisition adds approx. $12.0 mln of annual revenue. The company has also this quarter acquired an insulation installer in Pennsylvania with approx. $3.6 mln in annual revenues.16:28FRTA Forterra appoints Karl H. Watson, Jr. as CEO; reaffirms FY19 outlook (4.56 -0.04)Mr. Watson, who most recently served as EVP and COO at Summit Materials (SUM), succeeds Jeff Bradley, who has stepped down as CEO and a director to pursue other opportunities. The company continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance, most recently addressed in the company's earnings release for the first quarter of 2019. As stated on May 6, 2019, Forterra anticipates further strengthening in public infrastructure spending, continued positive pricing trends, and stabilizing input costs. The company remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow.16:21WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.2% on Monday, finishing near session lows in a day that showed little conviction from investors. With big gains already registered in June and the G-20 summit set to begin at the end of the week, the broader market appeared content trading little changed for most of the session.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.03%) finished fractionally higher, while the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.3%. The Russell 2000 underperformed with a loss of 1.3%.President Trump and President Xi are expected to partake in an extended meeting at G-20, which many see as a potential market-moving event. Although many analysts aren't expecting a swift resolution to the trade dispute this weekend, there is still optimism that progress can be made.It was a mixed session with six S&P 500 sectors finishing lower and five finishing higher. The energy sector (-0.9%) gave back some of its gains from last week, while the consumer discretionary sector (-0.5%) was dragged lower by many stocks within the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT 41.67, -0.65, -1.5%). The materials (+0.5%), consumer staples (+0.3%), and information technology (+0.2%) sectors provided offsetting support.The health care sector (-0.5%) was pressured by the insurance and hospital stocks after President Trump signed an executive order to make health care costs more transparent to patients. Shares of Bristol-Myers (BMY 45.68, -3.66, -7.4%) also underperformed amid a host of negative news, one of which included an announcement that its acquisition of Celgene (CELG 93.47, -5.44, -5.5%) will be pushed back to the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020.On a related note, President Trump signed a separate executive order, hitting Iran with new sanctions after it shot down a U.S. military drone last week. Market reaction was muted, as President Trump already indicated last week that more sanctions were coming.In M&A news, Caesars Entertainment (CZR 11.44, +1.45, +14.5%) confirmed it will be acquired by Eldorado Resorts (ERI 45.77, -5.45, -10.6%) for $12.75/share in cash and stock, or approximately $8.6 billion.U.S. Treasuries finished on a higher note, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined five basis points to 2.02%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 96.00 for its fourth consecutive decline. WTI crude increased 0.8% to $57.82/bbl.Investors did not receive any economic data on Monday. On Tuesday, investors will receive New Home Sales for May, the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April.Nasdaq Composite +20.7% YTDS&P 500 +17.5% YTDRussell 2000 +13.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +14.6% YTD16:20GNFT Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China (shares halted) (20.22 +0.02)Terns will have the rights to develop and commercialize elafibranor, GENFIT's proprietary compound, in Greater China, for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Under the terms of the licensing agreement, GENFIT will receive an upfront payment from Terns of $35 mln and will be eligible to receive up to $193 mln in potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments. Terns obtains the exclusive rights to develop, register, and market elafibranor in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan for both NASH and PBC. Upon commercial launch of elafibranor for the treatment of NASH in Greater China, GENFIT will be entitled to receive mid-teen percentage royalties from Terns based on sales in the territory. The two companies will also collaborate on research and development moving forward in NASH and PBC.16:17IART Integra promotes Glenn Coleman to COO and appoints Carrie Anderson as CFO, effective June 24 (53.24 -0.05)Mr. Coleman most recently served as CFO and corporate vice president, responsible for Integra's international business. The role of COO is a newly-created position at the company. Ms. Anderson most recently served as chief accounting officer and corporate controller at Dover Corporation (DOV).16:17EZPW EZCORP acquires seven pawn stores in Nevada operating under "Metro Pawn" banner (9.41 +0.30)Co announces that it has completed the acquisition of seven pawn stores in Nevada, bringing the company's total store count in the state to 24. The acquired stores, operating under the name "Metro Pawn," include five stores in the Reno area, representing the company's entry into the Las Vegas area, giving the company a total of 19 stores in that market.The acquisition was completed earlier today, and the purchase price was paid in cash.16:13STRO Sutro Biopharma appoints retired Biogen Idec (BIIB) EVP Connie Matsui as Chairman (11.68 -0.19)16:11GNFT Genfit trading halted, news pending (20.22 +0.02)16:11EVFM Evofem Biosciences files for 13,888,891 share common stock offering by holders including 2,777,779 shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants (6.67 -0.26)16:04NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin (2.10 -0.11)The EMA has determined that the company's MAA for intravenous and oral formulations of lefamulin, a potentially first-in-class, semi-synthetic pleuromutilin antibiotic for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia in adults 18 years of age and older, is valid. Validation of the MAA confirms that the submission is sufficiently complete to begin the formal review process. An opinion of the EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use is anticipated in the next 12 to 15 months.16:04GLDD Great Lakes Dredge & Dock announces receipt of dredging awards totaling $91 mln (10.51 -0.38)The scope of work for the coastal protection projects includes nourishment of beachfronts with sand excavated from off-shore borrow which is then used to rebuild dunes and restore the shorelines eroded by winter storms.The projects will be executed in the second half of 2019 and into 2020 and will be performed by hopper dredges with a minimal disruption to the local communities with a view to increasing the resilience of our coastal environments to challenges from rising sea levels.16:01MRTX Mirati Therapeutics commenced underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock (100.75 -0.69)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: June 25, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 19:00 ETBriefing.comJune 25, 2019 Tuesday 7:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 19150 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 25-Jun-19 19:00 ET18:00QD Qudian proposes to offer up to US$250 mln of convertible senior notes due 2026 (8.46 -0.26)The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes Offering to pay the cost of certain capped call transactions.17:36TGT Target announces two-day Target Deal Day event (July 15-16) featuring same-day delivery and pickup options (85.70 -1.02)"Last year's Target.com One-Day Sale was one of our biggest days of the year for online sales... This year, we're giving guests more discounts across even more of our assortment with two days to save on hundreds of thousands of items and offering the best options in retail for delivery and pick up on their terms, including same-day."17:31FTI TechnipFMC reaches global resolution of U.S. and Brazilian legacy investigations; agreed to pay a total of $301.3 mln to authorities (24.96 +0.22)As part of this resolution, TechnipFMC entered into a three-year Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the DOJ related to charges of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) related to conduct in Brazil and with Unaoil. In addition, Technip USA, Inc., a U.S. subsidiary, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA related to conduct in Brazil. The Company will also provide the DOJ reports on its anti-corruption program during the term of the DPA. As previously disclosed, TechnipFMC has also been cooperating with an investigation by the French Parquet National Financier (PNF) related to historical projects in Equatorial Guinea and Ghana. To date, this investigation has not reached resolution. TechnipFMC remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF and will maintain a $70 million provision related to this investigation.17:08NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics entered into $50 mln "Open Market Sale Agreement" with Jefferies (2.11 +0.01)16:58MU Micron on Conference Call- Sees revenue in the range of $4.3-4.7 bln, S&P Capital IQ consensus $4.558 bln; Sees EPS in the range of $0.38-0.52, Cap IQ consensus $0.7016:42BBVA Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria files mixed securities shelf offering (5.52 -0.05)16:31GBCI Glacier Bancorp increases quarterly dividend to $0.27/share from $0.26/share (39.22 -0.09)16:29INXN InterXion announces public offering of 4 mln common shares (75.11 -0.40)16:26CRCM Care.com CFO Michael Echenberg tenders his resignation, effective on August 30, 2019 (14.09 +0.18)The company expects that Michael Goss, the company's Vice President of Finance, will be appointed acting Chief Financial Officer of the company upon the effectiveness of Mr. Echenberg's resignation. Mr. Echenberg will assist in the transition of the Chief Financial Officer role until his departure from the company.16:25CRTO Criteo COO Mollie Spilman resigns effective July 5 to pursue a new career opportunity (17.96 -0.11)Ms. Spilman has decided to leave the company to pursue a new career opportunity. She will continue with the company through the end of 2Q19 and depart on July 5, 2019. With Ms. Spilman's departure, CEO JB Rudelle will directly manage the sales and operations teams to ensure faster execution of Criteo's transformation plan.16:22LILA Liberty Latin America proposes offering of $350 mln aggregate principle amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in private placement (18.08 -0.51)Liberty Latin America expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund the cost of certain capped call transactions and to use the remaining funds for other general corporate purposes.16:20BIG Big Lots appoints Jonathan Ramsden as EVP-Chief Financial and Administrative Officer effective August 5; reaffirms Q2 / FY EPS and sales guidance (27.78 +0.31)Mr. Ramsden will succeed Timothy A. Johnson, who will transition away from his roles effective August 5, 2019, to pursue other opportunities in the for-profit and not-for-profit arenas. Mr. Johnson has agreed to continue in an advisory role through Labor Day to provide the opportunity for a smooth transition for the business. Mr. Ramsden spent over seven years with Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF), joining as Chief Financial Officer in 2008 and later serving as the company's Chief Operating Officer. In connection with today's announcement, Big Lots reaffirmed its financial forecast for the second quarter and full year of fiscal 2019, as previously disclosed on May 31, 2019. Prior Guidance: Q2 EPS of $0.35-0.45 vs. $0.42 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and FY20 EPS of $3.70-3.85 vs. $3.78 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:20HFFG HF Foods enters into merger agreement with B&R Global Holdings, a food wholesaler and distributor for Asian restaurants (25.27 +1.25)Co and B&R Global Holdings announce that they have entered into a merger agreement pursuant to which they will combine their operations. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, at the closing of the merger, B&R Global Holdings will merge into HFFF's wholly owned subsidiary, resulting in B&R Global Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HF Foods.HFFG will issue approximately 30.7 mln of its shares of common stock to the former shareholders of B&R Global Holdings as consideration for the transaction.The combined business will serve in excess of 10,000 restaurants in 21 states and had revenues in excess of $800 mln in 2018.16:20WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 lost 1.0% on Tuesday, as subdued expectations for next month's Fed rate decision and the upcoming G-20 summit contributed to a risk-off mindset. Shares of technology companies, particularly the mega-cap stocks, underperformed the broader market.The Nasdaq Composite lost 1.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.7%, and the Russell 2000 lost 0.6%.St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter), who was the lone dissident in this month's FOMC meeting, said he didn't think it was necessary to cut the fed funds rate by 50 basis points. Instead, he favored a 25 basis points reduction, viewing it as an "insurance" cut.This stance from one of the Fed's most vocal doves, in addition to comments from Fed Chair Powell, tempered the market's hopes for a 50 basis points cut next month. Fed Chair Powell reminded the market that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swings in sentiment.Expectations for the upcoming G-20 summit were also lowered after a White House official told Reuters that the U.S. will not accept any new tariff conditions and that the U.S. is not willing to concede to the Chinese on trade. The goal is to simply reopen talks, which was not the constructive tone the market was anticipating.These subdued expectations, along with some disappointing economic data, contributed to some broad-based profit taking in equities. Ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower, led by the mega-cap stocks within the information technology (-1.8%), communication services (-1.6%), and consumer discretionary (-1.1%) sectors. The materials sector was unchanged.Regarding economic data, new home sales for May and consumer sentiment for June both declined below expectations. On a related note, home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.22, -3.19, -6.2%) provided investors with downside Q3 guidance.In M&A news, the health care sector (-0.4%) was home to a mega-merger deal on Tuesday. AbbVie (ABBV 65.70, -12.75, -16.3%) announced it will acquire Allergan (AGN 162.43, +32.86, +25.4%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie losing over 16%, the premium was reduced to 37% over AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries finished on a mostly higher note. The 2-yr yield was unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.99%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 96.16. WTI crude was unchanged at $57.81/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).Looking ahead, investors will receive the following reports on Wednesday: Durable Goods Orders for May, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and the Advance reports for International Trade in Goods, Retail Inventories, and Wholesales Inventories for May.Nasdaq Composite +18.8% YTDS&P 500 +16.4% YTDRussell 2000 +12.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.8% YTD16:19FDX FedEx beats by $0.18, reports revs in-line, guides FY20 EPS below consensus (156.01 -4.90)Reports Q4 (May) earnings of $5.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.18 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $4.83; revenues rose 2.8% year/year to $17.81 bln vs the $17.85 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q4 was hurt by lower FedEx International Priority package and freight revenues at FedEx Express, higher costs at FedEx Ground and business realignment costs primarily associated with the U.S.-based voluntary employee buyout program. Partially offsetting these factors were the benefits from US volume growth, increased revenue per shipment at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground, lower variable incentive compensation expenses and a favorable net impact of fuel at all transportation segments.Outlook: Co guides to FY20 non-GAAP EPS being a mid-single-digit percentage point decline (prior to the year-end MTM retirement plan accounting adjustment and excluding estimated TNT Express integration expenses). Current consensus is at $16.16, and FY19 actual was $15.52. So consensus is estimating 4% EPS growth, so the guidance of a mid-single-digit decline is a good bit below consensus estimates.16:19JAZZ Jazz Pharma will host webcast on July 2 at 4:30 p.m. EDT to provide investors with an update on Sunosi (136.50 +5.19)Sunosi (solriamfetol) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on March 20, 2019 to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Sunosi is the first dual-acting dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved to treat excessive daytime sleepiness in adults living with narcolepsy or OSA. Beginning early July, Sunosi will be commercially available in the U.S. following the recent scheduling decision by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency.16:19GBT Global Blood Therapeutics announces public offering of approx. $200.0 mln of shares of its common stock (62.43 -0.86)GBT intends to use proceeds to fund its clinical development of voxelotor for the treatment of sickle cell disease. GBT may also use a portion of the net proceeds to in-license, acquire or invest in new business, technology or assets, although it has no material agreements, commitments, or understandings in place.16:18PGRE Paramount Group enters into agreement to acquire 55 Second Street ni San Francisco for $408 mln (14.23 -0.15)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 55 Second Street, a 387,000 square foot office building located in San Francisco's South Financial District, for approximately $408 mln or $1,054 per square foot.The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, is expected to close in 3Q19. In connection with the transaction, the company expects to bring in a joint venture partner prior to closing.The property is currently 87.4% leased primarily to accounting, legal and technology tenants.16:17CFMS ConforMIS has secured up to $30 mln in debt financing from Innovatus Capital Partners and East West Bank and $3 mln in equity financing from Innovatus (3.84 -0.03)In addition, Innovatus purchased $3 million of the Company's common stock from the Company at the previous day's closing price.16:16APLE Apple Hospitality REIT appoints Rachael Rothman to position of Executive Vice President and CFO, effective July 1, 2019 (15.70 -0.02)Ms. Rothman will succeed Bryan Peery as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As previously announced, Mr. Peery plans to retire from the company in 1Q20. Mr. Peery will continue as Executive Vice President and, effective July 1, 2019, will become Chief Accounting Officer for the company.16:16COWN Cowen Group names CEO Jeffrey Solomon as Chairman (16.63 +0.35)Outgoing Chairman Jerome S. Markowitz is now serving as Lead Independent Director.16:14MU Micron --CORRECTION-- MU beat by 26 cents; we previously reported the GAAP number which was a 5 cent miss; guidance will be released shortly with a conference call starting at 4:30pm ET; we have corrected the original comment16:14INXN InterXion files for ordinary share shelf offering (75.10 -0.44)16:13AVAV AeroVironment beats by $0.02, beats on revs; guides FY20 EPS in-line, revs in-line (61.31 -0.61)Reports Q4 (Apr) earnings of $0.26 per share, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.24; revenues fell 25.1% year/year to $87.9 mln vs the $82.57 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross margin decreased to 42% from 45%. The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to the decrease in sales volume and an increase in the proportion of service revenue to total revenue.As of April 30, 2019, funded backlog was $164.3 mln compared to $164.4 mln as of April 30, 2018.Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $1.47-$1.67 vs. $1.64 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $350-$370 mln vs. $360.50 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:06PDLI PDL BioPharma announces resignation of CFO, effective August 15, 2019 (3.08 +0.09)Co announces the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Peter Garcia, who will be leaving the company effective August 15, 2019. He will continue in his role through the filing of the company's second quarter 10-Q in August and is committed to ensure a smooth transition of duties.16:06PRTK Paratek Pharma promotes Evan Loh, M.D. to CEO, effective June 25 (3.76 -0.02)Dr. Loh has nearly 20 years of experience as a senior executive in the pharmaceutical industry, most recently serving as Paratek's Chief Operating Officer since January 2017 and as President and Chief Medical Officer and member of the Board of Directors since June 2014. Michael Bigham, who has served as Paratek's Chairman and CEO since 2014, will remain active with the company in the newly created role of Executive Chairman.16:05MU Micron beats by $0.26, beats on revs; Seeing early signs of demand improvement but will reduce 2020 CapEx spend (32.68 -0.51)Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $1.05 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.26 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues fell 38.6% year/year to $4.79 bln vs the $4.7 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Micron's improved competitive position and strong execution helped us deliver solid results despite a challenging environment," said Micron Technology President and CEO Sanjay Mehrotra. "While we are seeing early signs of demand improvement, we plan to reduce our capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 to help improve industry supply-demand balance."16:03SSTK Shutterstock announces that Co-Chief Operating Officer and CFO will depart; co's Chief Accounting Officer appointed to fill role of Interim CFO (39.62 -0.89)Co-Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Steven Berns will depart from his roles at SSTK to pursue other opportunities, effective immediately. Mr. Berns' departure is not due to a dispute or any matter relating to the company's accounting and financial policies and operations. The company's Chief Accounting Officer, Steve Ciardiello has been appointed to the role of interim Chief Financial Officer until a successor has been named. Mr. Ciardiello will also continue in his existing role as Chief Accounting Officer. SSTK also announces that Stan Pavlovsky, who had been serving as Co-Chief Operating Officer and Head of Strategic Operations, has been named President and Chief Operating Officer.16:01ODT Odonate Therapeutics commences underwritten public offering of $100 mln common stock (28.12 +0.04)15:49SCS Steelcase discloses entry into stock repurchase agreement with an independent third party broker under which the broker is authorized to repurchase up to 1.5 mln shares of common stock on behalf of the Company between June 26-December 26 (16.03 +0.46)The shares will be purchased pursuant to the Company's previously announced share repurchase program.15:44SUMRX Closing Commodities: Oil and gold settle the day flat: API oil data out after the closeMetals Settlement Prices:Aug gold settled today's session $0.30 higher at $1418.45/ozJuly silver settled today's session $0.08 lower (-0.5%) at $15.29/ozSept copper settled $0.02 higher (+0.7%) at $2.73/lbAgriculture Settlement Prices:July corn settled unch at $4.52/bushelJuly wheat settled $0.03 lower (-0.6%) at $5.40/bushelJuly soybeans settled $0.06 lower (-0.7%) at $9.08/bushelEnergy Settlement Prices:July Crude Oil futures fell $0.01 to $57.81/barrelJuly Natural Gas settles unch at $2.28/MMBtuJuly RBOB Gasoline settled $0.02 higher (+1.1%) at $1.83/gallonJuly Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (+0.5%) at $1.93/gallon15:37SAFM Sanderson Farms issues statement, says has not been subpoenaed in connection with Department of Justice investigation (131.62 -2.38)"The United States Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday, June 21, 2019, in In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation stating that it is conducting a criminal investigation regarding the broiler industry. The Company has not been subpoenaed in connection with the Department of Justice investigation. The Company continues to believe the civil plaintiffs' claims as to Sanderson Farms are wholly without merit, and we are committed to defending the case vigorously."15:27SUMRX Earnings Confirmed for this afternoon and tomorrow morningEarnings out this afternoon: AVAV FDX MU SNXEarnings out tomorrow morning: ATU BB GIS INFO PAYX SCHN UNF15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb AgainU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a mostly higher note, but not before seeing some intraday volatility. Treasuries started the cash session just above yesterday's closing levels, spending the first hour of the action in a narrow range. The opening gains were extended amid early weakness on the equity side, with Treasuries rising to highs after the release of weaker than expected New Home Sales for May (actual 626,000; Briefing.com consensus 683,000) and weaker than expected Consumer Confidence for June (actual 121.5; Briefing.com consensus 132.0). Midday action saw a pullback from highs, as the market responded to speeches from St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Fed Chairman Jay Powell. The St. Louis Fed President was up first, and while he said that this is a good time for an "insurance cut", he ruled out the need for a 50-basis point cut. Fed Chairman Powell struck a similar tone, noting that the outlook has changed since early May, but monetary policy should not overreact to short-term swings in sentiment. The midday pullback was most visible in shorter tenors while the long bond remained near its high until the close. Today's $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction was met with strong demand. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 96.13, recording its first gain in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: -1 bp to 1.68% 5-yr: -2 bps to 1.73% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.99% 30-yr: -2 bps to 2.53%News: The implied probability of a 50-bps rate cut at the July meeting decreased to 36.4% from 42.6% after today's speeches from FOMC voters Bullard and Powell. Reuters reported that President Trump will meet with China's President Xi Jinping in Japan on Saturday. U.S. envoy to NATO, Kay Bailey Hutchinson, reiterated that Turkey will be excluded from the F-35 program if the country takes delivery of a Russian-made anti-aircraft weapon system. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. The new British Prime Minister will be named on July 23. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. $40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.695% (2.572%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58 (2.63) Indirect bid: 48.5% (46.3%) Direct bid: 24.2% (15.6%) Today's Data: New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April. The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017. The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook. The FHFA Housing Price Index increased 0.4% in April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) after increasing 0.1% in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index increased 2.5% in April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) after increasing a revised 2.6% (from 2.7%) in March. Commodities: WTI crude: UNCH at $57.81/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1418.45/ozt Copper: +0.7% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1373 GBP/USD: -0.3% to 1.2696 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8842 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior -3.4%) 8:30 ET: May Durable Orders (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior -2.1%) and Durable Orders ex-transportation (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.0%), May Advance International Trade in Goods (prior -$72.10 bln), May Advance Retail Inventories (prior 0.5%), and May Advance Wholesale Inventories (prior 0.7%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior -3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $41 bln 5-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 11:30 ET: San Francisco Fed President (non-voter) Mary Daly15:09SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Allergan (AGN) rises on premium acquisition by AbbVie (ABBV) in the latest major combination for the pharmaceutical sector -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersAGN (163.57 +26.24%): To be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) in a cash-and-stock deal with a transaction equity value of approx. $63 bln, based on ABBV's closing price of $78.45 yesterday; co's shareholders will receive 0.8660 ABBV shares and $120.30/share in cash for each AGN share held. The transaction represents a premium of +45% relative to co's closing price yesterday. Co's shareholders will own approx. 17% of AbbVie on a fully diluted basis following the closing of the acquisition. Shares reach their highest levels since November. ELAN (34.67 +3.4%): Various pharmaceutical companies and other healthcare names see strength in the wake of the AbbVie/Allergan deal. CAG (29.02 +3.27%): Posts moderate gains a few days in advance of its next quarterly results, which will be reported before the open on Thursday; in recent press, co today announced several product expansions for its Healthy Choice and Birds Eye brands. Consumer staples sector sees modest relative strength.Large Cap LosersABBV (66.04 -15.83%): Acquiring Allergan (AGN), as detailed above. Co sees the deal as providing immediate scale and profitability to its growth platform and significantly expanding and diversifying its global commercial scale and revenue base with new therapeutic areas, including medical aesthetics. Co expects the acquisition to provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 bln in year three as a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, reducing overlapping R&D resources, and driving SG&A efficiencies, among other factors. It is expected to be 10% accretive to adj. EPS over the first full year, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. Annual combined revenue for 2019 is estimated at approx. $48 bln. Sinks to two-year lows. SHOP (284.44 -8.78%): Downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush, citing valuation; the firm also increased co's price target to $305. The stock, which reached new all-time highs last week a bit shy of $340 and which continues to hold gains of circa +105% year-to-date, was also downgraded yesterday at ROTH Capital and last week at CIBC. ATHM (82.13 -7.73%): Chinese stocks generally underperform, with the Shanghai Composite Index having today ended a streak of gaining action, as the crucial G-20 meeting looms. (Related: TME, CTRP...)14:57TALKX Market Briefing: Re-thinking some bullish-minded mattersThe major indices have extended today's losses, pressured by a reality check that its most hopeful outlook isn't going to be satisfied in the near term.To that end, St. Louis Fed President Bullard -- the lone dissenter at the recent FOMC meeting and most ardent dove on the FOMC -- said today that he thinks a rate cut is coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50 basis points rate cut is necessary at the July 30-31 meeting. Fed Chair Powell didn't say anything either in a speech today to stoke expectations that the Fed is leaning at this juncture toward a 50 basis points cut at the July meeting.The other selling catalyst has been acknowledgment from White House officials that the goal for the G-20 meeting is to reopen trade talks, but that the U.S. will not accept any tariff conditions. That could be a stumbling block right out of the gate for China, which wants the U.S. to roll back existing tariffs. Separately, there was also an acknowledgment from White House officials that the trade talks could go on for months or years, which left an impression that the trade spat could be a prolonged one.Up to this point, there was some budding hope that the U.S. and China wil at least agree to forestall new tariff actions at this weekend's meeting. That's possible, but clearly, no guarantee has been given.Effectively, then, a short-term overbought market is finding reason to consolidate some strong June gains that were helped along in part by a hope the G-20 Summit would strike a constructive tone and that the Fed would cut rates by 50 basis pints in July. Those views are being called into question today, however, which is leading to the broad-based selling interest.The Russell 2000 is down 0.5%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.6%; the S&P 500 is down 0.8%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.5%.13:51FDX FedEx to report this evening (157.17 -3.73)FedEx (FDX 157.17, -3.73, -2.3%) will report its Q4 results after today's closing bell, followed by the management's conference call at 17:30 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the company to report an 18.3% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $4.83 on a 3.1% yr/yr increase in revenue to $17.85 bln. Last quarter, FedEx reported weaker than expected results and lowered its guidance to account for a slowing global economy. The weak outlook briefly pressured the stock, but FedEx was able to climb to a fresh 2019 high in mid-April. However, that push was followed by a return to the December low earlier this month. Continued relative strength in the U.S. economy should support FedEx's domestic business, but the international segment could see softness associated with slowing growth in Asia and Europe. FedEx's international segment accounts for roughly 30% of revenue. The company has had a difficult time integrating TNT Express into its business. Investors have known about this issue for a while, so any improvement on this front would be a positive. South China Morning Post reported today that the Chinese government may put FedEx on its list of unreliable foreign entities. Global Times speculated about this possibility on Sunday.FedEx trades at 9.9x forward earnings expectations, which represents a discount to UPS's (UPS 97.47, -2.25, -2.3%) 12.9x forward multiple.Editor's note: A previous version of this comment included the GAAP EPS estimate instead of the non-GAAP estimate. The comment has been corrected.13:50SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Brighthouse Financial (BHF) sinks on analyst downgrades -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTEVA (8.8 +6.67%): Various biotech/pharma names move higher following AbbVie's (ABBV) premium acquisition of pharmaceutical peer Allergan (AGN). (Related: JAZZ, MYL...) GRUB (76.18 +5.52%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and price target raised to $91 at Citigroup, citing factors including co's continued gains in gross food sales and reports that co is in early tests with certain large chains. Posts three-month highs.SAM (361.78 +3.59%): Now up by circa +7% over the past week, the stock today achieves a new all-time high on slightly above average volume.Mid Cap LosersBHF (33.63 -11.78%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman, which lowers co's target to $32 from $39, and to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse, which cuts co's price target to $22 from $35, with both firms calling attention to sources of pressure to co's capital plans. Drops to five-month lows.UNIT (9.88 -7.58%): In recent items, co announced the planned offering by its subsidiary Uniti Fiber Holdings, Inc. of $300 mln aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2024, and it signaled that it has entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to extend the maturity date of its revolving credit facility. Co also yesterday announced that PEG Bandwidth Holdings, the holder of co's 3.00% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, has elected to convert all of its shares.JOBS (69.88 -6.18%): Dropped to its lowest levels since December in early trade; though now well off those morning lows, the stock continues to underperform on more than 3x average volume, lagging alongside Chinese peers generally ahead of the weekend's G-20 meeting. (Related: HUYA, LX, BZUN...)13:32OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:BHC Jul 24 calls (volume: 7970, open int: 100, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 36%). Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.ATVI Jun 46.5 calls (volume: 6230, open int: 990, implied vol: ~41%, prev day implied vol: 38%). Co is expected to report earnings early August.MCD Jun 207.5 calls (volume: 5030, open int: 1490, implied vol: ~16%, prev day implied vol: 2%). Co is confirmed to report earnings July 26 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HRL Sep 42.5 puts (volume: 4060, open int: 10, implied vol: ~24%, prev day implied vol: 22%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.92, VIX: (16.12, +0.86, +5.6%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:16SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (68) outpacing new lows (59) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ABT, AEM, AGCO, AGI, AJRD, ANIP, AON, ARQL, ATO, AU, BFAM, BHP, BKH, BLL, CL, CMS, CNMD, DTE, EL, FCFS, GFI, GNRC, HIG, HMY, IT, JCI, KGC, KL, MAA, NEE, NVS, PG, PNM, RARX, RGLD, RSG, SAM, SAND, SBUX, SE, STE, SYK, TMO, TRV, V, WM, WTR, YUM, BEP, EDD, EMD, FNV, GBT, GOLD, MMT, NAD, NEA, NG, NZF, PVG, QSR, SHV, SHY, SLQD, UTF, VCSH, VGIT, VGMStocks that traded to 52 week lows: ABEO, ACLS, ADS, AERI, AFI, AHT, AMAG, AMC, ANAB, ANGI, AR, ASNA, ATRA, BNFT, CNX, CUK, DF, ECOM, MR, ENDP, EPC, EQT, EROS, GHL, GPRE, GTE, AMRX, KR, KSS, MATW, MYGN, OMN, QUAD, RAD, RYAM, RYTM, SBH, SCOR, SEMG, SFM, SFNC, SFUN, SIG, SKT, SPN, TV, TX, UNFI, URGN, VICR, WDR, WWW, ABBV, AVYA, CCL, ENR, GTT, IGT, WPGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: BFZ, EHI, GHY, MOSC, MUA, WIWThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CEL, SHIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: BWX, ENZL, FXY, GDX, GDXJ, GLD, HYD, IAU, MUB, SHY13:15TALKX Market Briefing: Fed Chair Powell also tempering market's scope of rate-cut hopes?In a speech on the Economic Outlook and Monetary Policy Review given at the Council of Foreign Relations today, Fed Chair Powell said much of what he said last week following the FOMC meeting.In that sense, one could see it as a dovish speech. The problem today perhaps is that Fed Chair Powell's remarks didn't necessarily make it clear that the Fed is inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at the July meeting.That sense of matters is wrapped up in the following two observations made in the speech:"Against the backdrop of heightened uncertainties, the baseline outlook of my FOMC colleagues, like that of many other forecasters, remains favorable, with unemployment remaining near historic lows.""But we are also mindful that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swing in sentiment."This speech followed on the heels of St. Lois Fed President Bullard saying that he thought a rate cut would be coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.Accordingly, the Powell speech served as another focal point that tempered the market's growing, and pent-up, hope that the Fed would cut by 50 basis points at the July 30-31 meeting. It could still if events, and data, unfold in the interim that suggest such a cut is necessary, but for now, there appear to be some emerging hints in the Fed commentary that suggest the market is probably getting greedy with the expectation that a 50 basis points cut is on the way.13:09SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ABBV (57.23 mln -15.46%), AGN (23.25 mln +26.5%), TEVA (21.69 mln +7.27%), BMY (14.02 mln +0.45%)Materials: GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), KGC (14.76 mln -2.78%), HMY (12.99 mln -5.16%)Industrials: GE (20.66 mln -0.68%)Consumer Discretionary: CZR (57.76 mln +2.27%)Information Technology: AMD (29.78 mln -0.38%), NOK (17.49 mln -0.79%), MSFT (15.84 mln -2.75%), MU (14.28 mln +1.27%)Financials: BAC (27.1 mln -0.66%), ITUB (15.37 mln -1.11%), BBD (13.41 mln -1.52%)Energy: CHK (31 mln -4.97%), SWN (13.3 mln -5.57%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: ABBV (11.7x -15.46%), AGN (7.08x +26.5%), XNCR (4.81x +13.29%), ATRS (4.04x +4.97%), ARQL (2.12x +9.89%)Materials: HMY (2.69x -5.16%), NG (2.25x -0.72%)Industrials: JOBS (3.46x -6.48%), DOOR (3.21x +2.21%)Consumer Discretionary: LEN (3.7x -5.74%), ERI (3.7x -3.87%), CZR (2.79x +2.27%), GRUB (2.19x +5.07%)Information Technology: SCSC (2.96x +2.61%)Financials: VMBS (6.89x +0.03%), VCIT (4.42x -0.01%), BHF (4.18x -13.12%), AEF (2.54x -0.27%)Energy: TOO (3.59x -1.72%)Utilities: ENIC (3x +0.84%)13:08SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: AGN (163.9 +26.5%), XNCR (38.37 +13.29%), RUBY (15.11 +10.21%), ARQL (11 +9.89%), TEVA (8.85 +7.27%), ENDP (3.84 +6.96%), DNLI (20.95 +6.72%), RARX (27.94 +6.56%), INO (2.57 +5.99%), PGNX (5.5 +5.36%)Industrials: GBX (28.96 +7.06%), TGI (19.74 +5.9%)Energy: MDR (8.79 +6.93%), LPI (2.9 +5.84%), OIS (17.94 +5.65%), GLOG (13.89 +5.63%)Consumer Staples: USNA (79.15 +9.41%), RAD (6.78 +7.62%), SPTN (11.53 +5.83%), ELF (13.87 +5.8%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ABBV (66.33 -15.46%), EPZM (13.54 -10.48%)Industrials: JOBS (69.66 -6.48%)Consumer Discretionary: RGS (16.56 -6.76%), SCVL (26.5 -5.96%)Information Technology: GTT (18.52 -7.26%), GSKY (12.15 -6.22%), UPLD (44 -6.13%), SHOP (292.83 -6.09%)Financials: BHF (33.12 -13.12%), HIIQ (24.05 -7.96%), JT (4.08 -6.63%)Consumer Staples: DF (0.97 -6.21%)13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.695% (When-Issued: 1.705%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58Indirect bid: 48.5% Direct bid: 24.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stock market trades lower in front of Powell commentsThe S&P 500 is down 0.5%, as shares of technology companies weigh on the broader market. Investors have shown some caution, buying into U.S. Treasuries, in front of an appearance from Fed Chair Powell at the top of the hour.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.9%. The Russell 2000 is up 0.1% after underperforming yesterday.Mr. Powell's position as Fed Chair usually commands the most attention, but the market has taken a leg lower in recent action after St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter) said a half-point cut in the fed funds rate would be too much. Instead, Mr. Bullard prefers a quarter-point cut.Economic data released today has provided some insight into the housing sector and consumer sentiment that has also disappointed investors. New homes sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000), and the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0).Today's action has been largely risk-off, which is being reflected across losses in nine of the 11 S&P 500 sectors. Leading today's retreat are the S&P 500 communication services (-1.4%), information technology (-1.2%), and consumer discretionary (-0.7%) sectors. The materials (+0.1%) and real estate (+0.02%) sectors cling onto slim gains.Home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.33, -3.13, -6.1%) has also contributed to the cautious sentiment after it issued downside Q3 guidance, discouraging investors after it provided positive quarterly results earlier in the day.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space. Allergan (AGN 164.00, +34.41, +26.6%) confirmed it will be acquired by pharmaceutical company AbbVie (ABBV 66.33, -12.12, -15.5%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie currently down over 15%, the deal represents a 37% premium to AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries have advanced, pushing the benchmark 10-yr yield down three basis points to 1.99%, as investors remain cautious about the economic outlook. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 96.21.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).12:48TALKX Market Briefing: Bullard reins in scope of rate-cut expectationsThe stock market has hit an air pocket, moving to its lows for the session, following comments from St. Louis Fed President Bullard (FOMC voter) who said he sees a rate cut coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.This remark caused some knee-jerk selling interest, as there has been a growing belief that the Fed will be inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at its July 30-31 FOMC meeting. The fact that one of the Fed's biggest doves -- if not the biggest -- is seemingly trying to rein in the market's rate-cut hopes has taken some of that rate-cut premium out of stock prices.As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell has a speaking engagement at 1:00 p.m. ET.The Russell 2000 is down 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.5%; the S&P 500 is down 0.6%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.12:00MSFT Microsoft hit by profit-taking interest (134.79 -2.99)Shares of Dow component Microsoft (MSFT 134.56, -3.22, -2.3%), which is also the largest stock by market capitalization, are underperforming today. That has to do in large part with how the stock has outperformed since June 3.Entering today, Microsoft was up 15% since June 3 (i.e. the day before Fed Chair Powell said the Fed would act appropriately to sustain the expansion) versus a 7.3% gain for the S&P 500 and a 9.2% gain for the Nasdaq Composite.A 15% move in a stock the size of Microsoft is a massive move and left shares of MSFT 21% above their 200-day moving average. The basis for today's selling, then, is a pullback from a short-term overbought condition.That condition was brought to light today by the analyst at Jefferies who raised his price target to $90 from $80, but maintained an Underperform rating and called the stock "materially overvalued."It won't be lost on investors that MSFT has defied the Jefferies view of the stock's prospects in a big way leading into today; nonetheless, with the broader market in a consolidation mode in front of the G-20 summit, the Jefferies view today looks to have served as another profit-taking catalyst.11:45SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -0.27%, FTSE +0.13%, CAC -0.05%---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.03%Germany's DAX: -0.27%U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.13%France's CAC 40: -0.05%Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.73%Spain's IBEX 35: -0.24%11:41SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Xencor (XNCR) rises on addition to S&P SmallCap 600 index -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersXNCR (38.25 +12.92%): Co will take the place of HFF Inc. (HF) in the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 2, upon that company's pending acquisition by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). At five-month highs. KRYS (45.8 +11.15%): Continued strength following updates from trials of KB103. Co also announced a public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock priced at $40.00/share, for gross proceeds of approx. $100.0 mln. Extends to further all-time highs. USNA (77.05 +6.51%): Designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 1, replacing Fidelity Southern (LION) upon its acquisition by by Ameris Bancorp (ABCB).Small Cap LosersFRTA (4.10 -10.20%): Announced that its CEO, Jeff Bradley, has stepped down as CEO and as one of co's directors in order to pursue other opportunities; co has appointed Karl H. Watson, Jr., most recently COO of Summit Materials (SUM), has been appointed to succeed Mr. Bradley. Co also announced the appointment of John McPherson as Lead Director and non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board, a newly created role, and noted that it "continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance" and that it "remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow." At two-month lows.EPZM (13.8 -8.72%): Tracks lower after spiking to a new 52-week high near yesterday's open and after having netted gains of circa +29% last week, bolstered by interim data for tazemetostat.SCOR (6.87 -7.66%): Sees continued weakness, down by circa 17% in the most recent three sessions. News items for co in recent days include its announcement of an agreement with an institutional investor for a $20 mln private placement of common stocks and warrants with potential to increase to approx. $50 mln and its announcement of a strategic partnership with MediaScience to research cross-platform advertising. Recent sector news included LiveRamp's (RAMP) acquisition, announced yesterday, of media measurement company Data Plus Math for a total consideration of $150 mln. Posts all-time lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 2.125% Bid-to-cover: 2.75 Indirect bid: 46.6% Direct bid: 27.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%11:20GIS General Mills Fourth Quarter Earnings Preview (53.87 +0.20)General Mills (GIS) will report fourth quarter earnings tomorrow before the open. There is a conference call scheduled for 8:30 ET. Q4 Capital IQ consensus calls for EPS of $0.76 (-4% yr/yr) on revenue of $4.24 bln (+8.8% yr/yr). The company is expected to guide for FY20 where consensus stands at $3.31 (-4.8% yr/yr) and $17.3 bln for revenues (+1.6% yr/yr).Looking back, the company beat on EPS four times in a row, but missed on revenues four times in a row. GIS shares increased 3% following its Q4 results. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, General Mills expects Blue Buffalo's net sales and segment operating profit growth will accelerate meaningfully, driven by significant distribution expansion in the FDM channel. Based on the GIS weekly Jun28 $54 straddle, the options market is currently pricing in a move of ~6% in either direction by weekly expiration (Friday).On a positive report, look for resistance near the $58.00-58.50 area, while support sits near the $49.00-49.50 vicinity.GIS has a market cap of ~$32 bln and trades at ~16x FY20 earnings, a notable discount to the average consumer packaged goods stock at 22x.11:13XPH Pharma is the big winner today after second large M&A deal is announced in as many weeksPharma and biotech stocks are the clear winners in trading this morning. With ABBV announcing today it will acquire AGN just a week after PFE said it will acquire ARRY, there is a lot of excitement in the group. What's notable is that both acquiring companies have blockbuster drugs (ABBV with Humira and PFE with Lyrica) that are soon facing patent expirations. It's clear large pharmas want to restock their portfolios. It's leading to speculation as to which companies may be next.On the other side of the spectrum, China, IT and gold stocks are showing weakness today.10:35SUMRX Morning Commodities: Oil sheds gains, now modestly lower, gold over 1% higherCommodities are higher (+0.5% at 79.88 as measured by the Bloomberg Commodity Index)Dollar index is slightly lower (-0.04% at 95.9420)Looking at energy:Jul WTI crude oil futures are now -$0.08 (-0.1%) at $57.82/barrelIn other energy, Jul natural gas is -$0.4 (-1.9%) at $2.24/MMBtu Moving on to metals:Aug gold is currently +$18.15 (+1.3%) at $1436.35/oz, while Jul silver is +$0.05 at $15.43/ozJul copper is now +$0.03 (+1.0%) at 2.73/lb10:31SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence & New Home Sales miss expectationsEconomic Data Summary:April Case Schiller Home Price Index 0.4% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.5%; March was 2.7% April FHFA Housing Price Index 2.5% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; March was revised to 2.6% from 0.1% June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs Briefing.com consensus of 132.0; May was revised to 131.3 from 134.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.May New Home Sales 626K vs Briefing.com consensus of 683K; April was revised to 679K from 673 The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -3.4%) May Durable Orders due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of -0.3%; April was -2.1%) May Durable Orders -- Ex Transportation due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; April was 0.0%) May Advance International Trade in Goods due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was -$72.1 bln) May Advance Retail Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.5%) May Advance Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.7%)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bostric to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bullard to speak today at 17:30 ET.The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week.Tuesday: $40 bln in 2 Year Treasury NotesWednesday: $41 bln in 5 Year Treasury NotesThursday: $32 bln in 7 Year Treasury NotesOther International Events of InterestChinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.10:17OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:BHC Jul 24 calls are seeing interest with 4420 contracts trading vs. open int of 100, pushing implied vol up around 16 points to ~52%. Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.Puts:HRL Sep 42.5 puts are seeing interest with 4060 contracts trading vs. open int of 10, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~24%. 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Stocks seeing volatility selling:FDS, LEN implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.68, VIX: (15.48, +0.22, +1.4%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:10TALKX Market Briefing: Soft start followed by some soft economic dataThe stock market has started to day's session on a soft note. This isn't altogether surprising given the lack of conviction seen in the futures market ahead of the open.At the same time, it isn't all that surprising given that market participants are spying a 1:00 p.m. ET speaking appearance by Fed Chair Powell as a potential market mover and given that the highly-anticipated G-20 summit is sitting on the weekend horizon.Just not much conviction right now on the part of buyers, who have been very active throughout the month of June, which is on track to be the best June for the S&P 500 since 1955!The broader market will be excused, then, for taking a little time to consolidate after a big run. Some disappointing consumer confidence data for June (121.5 vs. 132.0 Briefing.com consensus) and weaker-than-expected new home sales data for May (626K vs. 683K Briefing.com consensus) have also cast a pall on buying efforts.Treasuries, on the other hand, have benefited from the disappointing data. The 10-yr note yield is down three basis points to 1.99%.Separately, the health care space is one of the more actively-traded areas in the stock market today following AbbVie's (ABBV 66.89, -11.56, -14.7%) $63 billion cash-and-stock offer to acquire Allergan (AGN 164.69, +35.12, +27.1%), the maker of Botox.The Russell 2000 is up 0.1%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%; the S&P 500 is down 0.2%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.10:04AJG Arthur J. Gallagher to purchase a minority stake in Prague-based Renomia a.s.; terms not disclosed (86.87 -0.11)The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019. Renomia is the largest independent broker based in the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region.10:01ECONX June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs 132.0 Briefing.com consensus10:01ECONX May New Home Sales 626K vs 683K Briefing.com consensus09:47NRZ New Residential Investment 'launched an opportunistic underwritten public offering of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ' (15.97 )The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for investments and general corporate purposes.09:43OR Osisko Gold Royalties increases previously announced bought-deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares (10.96 -0.49)Osisko Gold Royalties announces that, due to strong demand, Betelgeuse LLC has entered into a revised agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets to increase the size of its previously announced bought deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per common share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $110,685,000. Osisko will not be receiving any of the proceeds of the secondary offering. Amounts are in Canadian dollars.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Wall Street opens slightly lower amid weakness in financialsThe major averages begin the day slightly lower. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows most holding modest losses. The communication services (-0.5%) and financials (-0.7%) sectors show relative weakness, while the real estate (+0.3%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are the lone sectors trading higher.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.73%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 2.00%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 96.01. WTI crude is up 0.3% to $58.05/bbl.09:28WIRES On The WiresKandi Technologies (KNDI) announced that its JV with Geely Group, Kandi Electric Vehicles Group, has received a national subsidy payment of RMB 876 mln from the Chinese government for sales of new energy vehicles, consisting of RMB 742.8 mln for pure EV sales during 2015 and 2016 and RMB 133.4 mln for partial EV sales in 2017.Progenics Pharm (PGNX) announced that results from studies highlighting the PSMA-targeted imaging agent, PyL, were presented at the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2019 Annual Meeting. The results included data from the company's Phase 2/3 OSPREY trial in men with high risk and metastatic prostate cancer and three presentations from an investigator-sponsored study conducted under the company's PyL Research Access Program that evaluated PyL in men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. Collectively, the data presented highlights the potential of PyL to detect locally advanced prostate cancer, biochemically recurrent prostate cancer, and metastatic disease. ANI Pharma (ANIP) announced the launch of Ranitidine Capsules, 150mg and 300mg. The current annual US market for this product is approx. $40 mln, according to Iqvia/IMS Health.Tricida (TCDA) announced that The Lancet published online detailed results from its long-term, Phase 3, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial, TRCA-301E, in 196 patients with chronic kidney disease and metabolic acidosis.TILT Biotherapeutics, a company working in the area of enabling tumor T-cell therapies and checkpoint inhibiting antibodies with oncolytic viruses, has entered into an agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt (MKKGY) and Pfizer (PFE) to evaluate its armed oncolytic virus, TILT-123, with avelumab in patients with solid tumors refractory to routine modalities.Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) announced a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Vaccine Research Center (VRC) enabling the VRC's use of Halozyme's ENHANZE drug delivery technology to develop subcutaneous formulations of broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) against HIV for HIV treatment. The two bnAbs selected for the CRADA are VRC07-523LS and N6LS.Bausch Health (BHC) put in notice to pay down an additional $100 mln of its senior secured term loans this week, using cash generated from operations. After this payment, the company will have eliminated all mandatory amortization for the first quarter of 2020.Dova Pharmaceuticals (DOVA) today announced that the European Commission has granted marketing authorization for DOPTELET (avatrombopag) for the treatment of severe thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo an invasive procedure.09:10WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +1.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -3.50.Much like yesterday, today's opening indication is looking flattish as investors appear content remaining in a wait-and-see mode for G-20. The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, above fair value.Allergan (AGN 169.75, +40.18, +31.0%) and AbbVie (ABBV 70.80, -7.65, -9.7%), meanwhile, have made some noise in a mega-merger deal worth about $63 billion. AbbVie will acquire Allergan for $188.24 per share in cash and stock, or a 45% premium to Allergan's closing price on Monday, but that premium is shrinking in pre-market action as shares of AbbVie trade lower by 9.7%.In housing data, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).09:00ECONX April S&P Case Shiller Home Price Index Yr/Yr +2.5% vs +2.5% Briefing.com consensus08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -0.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -7.40.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%Major European indices trade mostly in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%08:47TRWH Twin River Worldwide commences a modified Dutch auction to purchase shares of its common stock for cash at a price per share of not less than $29.50 nor greater than $33.00 in increments of $0.25 (29.17 )08:42WIRES On The WiresADTRAN (ADTN) has joined the prpl Foundation-an open-source, community-driven, collaborative non-profit foundation that strives to enable the security and interoperability of embedded devices. ADTRAN Subscriber Solutions & Experience CTO, David La Cagnina, will now serve on the prpl Foundation Board of Directors. La Cagnina has been active in prpl through SmartRG, which ADTRAN acquired late last year. ADTRAN increased support for the foundation to further demonstrate commitment to driving the industry toward open, programmable, software-defined access infrastructures.nLIGHT (LASR) announced the introduction of the Corona CFX-8000, the latest high-power fiber laser in the Corona product family. Corona fiber lasers incorporate programmable beam characteristics to bring together the speed and cost advantages of traditional fiber lasers with the superior thick metal cutting of CO2 lasers.Vonage (VG) expanded the reach of its channel partner program with the addition of P2 Communications Management, LLC, a national IT advisory and management firm. With Vonage's fully integrated communications offering, P2 Communications Management can offer its customers a unique combination of applications and programmable communications via APIs to help enhance both employee and customer experiences.Medidata (MDSO) announced that global pharmaceutical company Orion will consolidate all clinical trials on the Medidata Rave Clinical Cloud and expand its use of trial management solutions to support growth of its R&D pipeline.Iteris (ITI) was awarded a two-year contract by the Wyoming Department of Transportation, continuing its support of the state's 511 service and maintaining its position as a market leader in the nationwide traveler information system market, with a 25% share.Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII) received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for key claims covering the composition and method of manufacturing for Grandevo WDG, an MBI developed microbial-based bioinsecticide.08:37TDOC Teladoc appoints Mala Murthy as CFO; Most recently, Murthy was CFO of the Global Commercial Services Segment of American Express (62.75 )08:32MRTX Mirati Therapeutics prices 2.1 mln common stock offering at $97.00/share (100.75 )08:32ACER Acer Therapeutics receives Complete Response Letter from the FDA regarding its New Drug Application for EDSIVO for the treatment of vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (19.28 )The CRL states that it will be necessary to conduct an adequate and well-controlled trial to determine whether celiprolol reduces the risk of clinical events in patients with vEDS. Acer plans to request a meeting to discuss the FDA's response.08:27WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -1.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -8.50.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Iran is in the news again after it said a diplomatic solution with the U.S. is now closed after President Trump imposed new sanctions yesterday, according to Bloomberg. Tensions have yet to have a meaningful impact on the stock market, but tensions are having a noticeable effect on gold futures, which are up another 0.9% to $1430.30/oz.The precious metal, which tends to rise amid geopolitical uncertainty, is up 9.5% this month. Lower U.S. Treasury yields have also made gold more appealing to investors.Separately, FedEx (FDX 159.92, -0.98, -0.6%) filed a lawsuit against the Commerce Department to stop the government from requiring it to enforce the Huawei Technologies restrictions, according to The Wall Street Journal. On a related note, the economic bellwether will release its earnings report after today's close.08:12SUMRX Gapping up/down: LEN +5% and FDS +2% after earnings, AGN +32% and ABBV -8% after M&A news, PYX +15% after Imperial Capital initiates stock with $71 PT; SHOP -1.5% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:10CHTR Charter Comm to offer $750 mln of senior notes (392.44 )08:10SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:09WIRES On The WiresGarmin International, Inc., a unit of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN), announced that Fusion, a Garmin brand and worldwide leader in marine entertainment, has been selected as a supplier of choice for the Independent Boat Builders, Inc. (IBBI), the industry's largest purchasing cooperative. Beginning Model Year 2020, this agreement will give members direct access to Fusion's full line of audio entertainment products through 2024. Comprised of a 19-member network of leading boat brands, IBBI members collectively build nearly 25% of all boats sold in the U.S.Aspen RxHealth announced today that Humana Inc. (HUM) has chosen the company's app-based platform to connect pharmacists with patients to deliver clinical services, including medication therapy management. Covetrus (CVET) announced a new strategic partnership with Heart + Paw, an integrated pet care company that offers comprehensive wellness for animals, including veterinary care, boarding, daycare, grooming and community experiences to pets and their parents. Heart + Paw opened its first center in June 2019 and has significant national growth plans with an initial focus on the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) has received the first order for the new Purion XE Power Series implanter from a leading power device manufacturer. The new Purion XE product line extension will be used in high volume production of power devices supporting automotive, mobile and the IoT market spaces. The system is scheduled to ship in the third quarter. Predictive Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of Predictive Technology Group, Inc. (PRED), a leader in the use of data analytics for disease identification and subsequent clinical intervention through precision therapeutic treatments, announces that data from a study of the genes underlying endometriosis may lead to new pathophysiology insights, improved diagnostics and novel treatment approaches. The study data was discussed in an oral presentation by Kenneth Ward, M.D. at the 2019 European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology annual meeting in Vienna, Austria.08:07SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryLonger Tenors Tick HigherU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near yesterday's closing levels. Treasury futures stayed on an upward path during the overnight session, but the market found resistance near highs from Friday. The ensuing pullback ran into support near levels from yesterday, leaving Treasuries with modest gains at this juncture. Yesterday's session was quiet, but today, the market will receive some housing and consumer confidence data while the U.S. Treasury will sell $40 bln in 2-yr notes. Fed Chairman Jay Powell will speak in the early afternoon. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 96.05, seeking its first advance in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: UNCH at 1.69% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.75% 10-yr: -1 bp to 2.01% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.54%News: Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. Hong Kong's May trade deficit totaled HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). Imports decreased 4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) while exports fell 2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) The new British Prime Minister will be announced on July 23. France's June Business Survey decreased to 102 (expected 104) from 104. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. Commodities: WTI Crude: -0.4% to $57.68/bbl Gold: +1.0% to $1431.90/ozt Copper: +0.9% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.1385 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2728 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8783 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: April S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%; prior 2.7%) and April FHFA Housing Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.1%) 10:00 ET: June Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 132.0; prior 134.1) and May New Home Sales (Briefing.com consensus 683,000; prior 673,000) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 8:45 ET: New York Fed President (FOMC voter) John Williams 12:00 ET: Atlanta Fed President (non-voter) Raphael Bostic 13:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:01RFL Rafael Holdings enters into an out-licensing agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical (24.00 )Rafael will receive a one-time upfront payment of approximately $12.9 million USD and up to an additional approximately $150.3 million USD if certain development and commercial milestones are achieved. Rafael will also receive low-double digit royalties based on net sales of the Products in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries. ONO will have exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products for all indications in ONO's territory. Rafael continuously retains all exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products outside of ONO's territory.07:53WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -13.30.U.S. equity futures are slightly lower after a mixed session yesterday, as investors continue to await the G-20 summit at the end of the week. The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.In the meantime, the market will hear from several Fed officials throughout the day with Fed Chair Powell headlining the bunch. Mr. Powell will participate in an interview with The New York Times at 1:00 p.m. ET to discuss the challenges facing the economy and the policies of the Federal Reserve.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space this morning. Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93, +29.2%) confirmed it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a nearly 45% premium to Allergan's closing price from Monday.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) at 9:00 a.m. ET. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) and New Home Sales for May (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) will be released at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 2.01%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 96.05. WTI crude is down 0.3% to $57.75/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93): +29.2% after confirming it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a 43.8% premium to AGN's closing price from Monday. Lennar (LEN 53.98, +2.57): +5.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. FactSet (FDS 302.13, +8.80): +3.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -1.2%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.9%, India's Sensex +0.8%, South Korea's Kospi -0.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.2%.In economic data:Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%)South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9)Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%)New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)In news:Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases.Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies.South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.Major European indices trade in negative territory. STOXX Europe 600 -0.1%, Germany's DAX UNCH, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.1%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.5%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.6%.In economic data:U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27)France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104)Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)In news:Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years.The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament.European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.07:51OR Osisko Gold Royalties entered into a bought-deal agreement (11.45 )Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd announces that Betelgeuse LLC, a jointly owned subsidiary of certain investment funds managed by Orion Resource Partners, has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets, pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, an aggregate of 6,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per Common Share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $96,585,000.07:37AKRX Akorn received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018 --halted-- (4.73 )Douglas Boothe, Akorn's President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "Akorn is committed to resolving the warning letter in a comprehensive and effective manner. Earlier this year, Akorn launched a companywide action plan to improve the timing and effectiveness of our operations, quality systems and compliance enhancement initiatives, with an emphasis on transparency and quality. We believe the execution of this action plan, which has already begun to yield tangible results, will strengthen and further standardize our quality systems across the entire Akorn network."07:32PCRX Pacira Pharma announces that its MAA for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia was validated by the EMA (43.12 )The MAA for EXPAREL is supported by clinical evidence across several surgical indications, including patients undergoing Cesarean section and total knee arthroplasty procedures. In December 2018, the EMA issued a positive opinion for the company's Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX UNCH, FTSE -0.1%, CAC -0.1%Major European indices trade in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%---FX---EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1379 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2737 USD/CHF: +0.6% to 0.977107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -0.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.10.07:07WIRES On The WiresOn June 20, 2019, the Board of Directors of Hologic (HOLX) approved the amendment and restatement of the Company's Bylaws to implement proxy access bylaw provisions and to make other non-material changes. The proxy access bylaw provisions permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, who have held three percent or more of the Company's stock for at least three years, to nominate and include in the Company's annual proxy materials director nominees constituting the greater of twenty percent or two members of the Company's Board of Directors, provided that the shareholders and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Company's Bylaws.IHG (IHG) and Sands China (SCHYY) announced that The Venetian Macao and The Parisian Macao will become InterContinental Alliance Resorts beginning today. In addition, The Londoner Hotel in Macao will join the alliance when it opens in 2020 following the renovation of the current Holiday Inn Macao Cotai Central. IHG and The Venetian Resort Las Vegas also announced the long-term extension of their alliance. The partnership extends through to 2027 at all five properties.Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced that the first patient, who completed the Phase 2 clinical trial ANAVEX2-73-RS-001 voluntarily moved into the extension study and was dosed in the extension study for the treatment of Rett syndrome.Bausch Health Companies Inc. (BHC) and its dermatology business, Ortho Dermatologics, announced that DUOBRII (halobetasol propionate and tazarotene) Lotion, 0.01%/0.045%, will be available commercially to health care professionals starting this week. Linde (LIN) announced today it has signed a long-term agreement with ExxonMobil (XOM) Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. to support the latest multi-billion dollar expansion of the company's integrated manufacturing complex in Singapore. This will be the single largest sale of gas contract in the history of the newly merged Linde and of its legacy companies.07:05FDS FactSet beats by $0.25, beats on revs; raises FY19 EPS guidance; narrows FY19 revenue guidance (293.33 )Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $2.62 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.25 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.37; revenues rose 7.2% year/year to $364.5 mln vs the $359.25 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.ASV plus professional services was $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019. Organic ASV plus professional services was also $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019, up $76.5 mln from the prior year at a growth rate of 5.6%. Organic ASV, which excludes the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, plus professional services, increased $4.5 mln over the last three months.Co issues raised guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $9.80-9.90 from $9.50-9.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $9.61 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $1.42-1.44 bln from $1.41-1.45 bln vs. $1.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:03ARVN Arvinas: FDA has cleared the company's IND for ARV-471 for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ER positive / HER2 negative breast cancer (21.87 )Arvinas expects to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for ARV-471 in the third quarter of 2019. In preclinical studies, ARV-471 demonstrated near-complete ER degradation in tumor cells, induced robust tumor shrinkage when dosed as a single agent in multiple ER-driven xenograft models, and showed superior anti-tumor activity as a single agent and in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor when compared to a standard of care agent, fulvestrant, dosed as single agent or in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Arvinas believes the differentiated pharmacology of ARV-471, including its iterative degradation activity, has the potential to translate into meaningful clinical benefit for patients.07:02NTEC Intec Pharma announces publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients (4.16 )The article reviews pharmacokinetic and efficacy data from the Company's phase 2, multicenter, open-label, two-way randomized crossover study that evaluated multiple dose strengths of the AP-CD/LD (50/250 mg, 50/375 mg or 50/500 mg) twice daily in one treatment period and an active comparator in the other treatment period. The article presents results from cohorts 1-4 out of the 6 cohorts of PD patients who participated in the study. Pharmacokinetics (PK) and efficacy were evaluated for AP-CD/LD compared with immediate release Carbidopa/Levodopa (IR-CD/LD). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and patient- and investigator-reported measures were also evaluated. The PK results showed that compared with IR-CD/LD, treatment with either AP-CD/LD dose demonstrated more stable LD plasma concentrations in both fluctuating and non-fluctuating PD patients, and significantly decreased the LD Cmax (57.1% and 66.8% decreases among fluctuating and non-fluctuating patients, respectively).07:01ARQL ArQule prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share (10.01 )07:01RMBS Rambus sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V); terms not disclosed (11.55 )The combination of Visa's network tokenization capabilities with the local and account tokenization technology of Rambus will facilitate safer, more secure payments across all forms of global commerce.07:00ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints (7.09 )Statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints, due to high rates of disease resolution in vehicle-treated patients, but activity of reproxalap was consistently greater than that of vehicle. Noninfectious anterior uveitis program to be discontinued. The co plans to prioritize Phase 3 ocular pipeline programs in dry eye disease, allergic conjunctivitis, and proliferative vitreoretinopathy.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -1.2%, Shanghai -0.9%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: UNCH at 6.8792 USD/INR: +0.2% to 69.3606:56S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -16.00.06:56European MarketsFTSE...7399.75...-16.90...-0.20%. DAX...12268.81...-5.80...-0.10%.06:56Asian MarketsNikkei...21194...-92.20...-0.40%. Hang Seng...28186...-327.00...-1.20%.06:55FXI Shanghai... -0.87%06:50MOR MorphoSys names Jean-Paul Kress, M.D. CEO effective September 1 (26.18 )In his new position, Dr. Kress will succeed Dr. Simon Moroney, who had announced his decision not to renew his contract as a member of MorphoSys's Management Board in February 2019 and who will step down as CEO on September 1, 2019. Prior to joining MorphoSys, Dr. Kress served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Syntimmune, now a subsidiary of Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN).06:44AGN Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock (129.57 )Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, Allergan Shareholders will receive 0.8660 AbbVie Shares and $120.30 in cash for each Allergan Share that they hold, for a total consideration of $188.24 per Allergan Share. The transaction represents a 45% premium to the closing price of Allergan's Shares on June 24, 2019.AbbVie anticipates that the Acquisition will provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 billion in year three while leaving investments in key growth franchises untouched. The synergies and other cost reductions will be a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, and reducing overlapping R&D resources (~50%), driving efficiencies in SG&A, including sales and marketing and central support function costs (~40%), and eliminating redundancies in manufacturing and supply chain, and leveraging procurement spend (~10%). The synergies estimate excludes any potential revenue synergies.AbbVie is expected to generate significant annual operating cash flow, which will support a debt reduction target of $15 to $18 billion before the end of 2021, while also enabling a continued commitment to Baa2/BBB or better credit rating and continued dividend growth.This transaction is expected to be 10% accretive to adjusted earnings per share over the first full year following the close of the transaction, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. ROIC is expected to exceed AbbVie's cost of capital within the first full year.The companies anticipate closing of the transaction by early 202006:41SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:AGN +35.1%, ALDX +14.9%, XNCR +8%, RMTI +4.7%, LEN +4.1%, NBRV +2.4%, GNFT +2.3%, CBAY +2.2%, ARQL +1.4%Gapping down:ABBV -5%, BYND -3.9%, AAXN -1.2%, MRTX -1.2%, MKTX -1.1%, EQT -1.1%, KRYS -0.5%06:07WIRES On The WiresU.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) announced that it has entered into an agreement with AmeriMex Motor & Controls, LLC., a subsidiary of Industrial Service Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, AmeriMex will provide electric motors exclusively to USWS as it relates to electric hydraulic fracturing.Ctrip (CTRP) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways at the Ctrip Headquarter in Shanghai. This MOU will enable Ctrip to work closely with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways on business development and joint promotional activities. This will help to accelerate Fiji's existing marketing activities in China.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Carna Biosciences Inc. announced that the companies have entered into a research and development collaboration to develop and commercialize small molecule compounds in immuno-oncology and to access Carna's proprietary lipid kinase drug discovery platform. Under the terms of the license agreement, Gilead will license from Carna worldwide rights to develop and commercialize inhibitors against an undisclosed immuno-oncology target. In connection with this agreement, Carna will receive an upfront payment of $20 million and is eligible to receive up to an additional $450 million in potential milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestones. Carna will also receive royalties on future net sales.Norbord Inc. (OSB) reported that its OSB mill in High Level, Alberta was cleared to restart, and safely resumed normal operations over the weekend. The MacKenzie County mandatory evacuation order and town of High Level evacuation alert were both lifted this afternoon and MacKenzie County remains under an evacuation alert. The curtailment is not expected to materially impact Norbord's second quarter results.ERYTECH Pharma (ERYP) announced that it has entered into an agreement with SQZ Biotechnologies, a cell therapy company developing novel treatments in multiple therapeutic areas, to advance novel RBC-based therapeutics for immune modulation. ERYTECH is eligible to receive up to $57 million in combined upfront and potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for the first product successfully developed by SQZ under this agreement. ERYTECH will also be eligible to receive sales royalties, and up to a total of $50 million in commercial milestone payments related to each additional approved product or approved indication.06:05LEN Lennar beats by $0.16, beats on revs (51.41 )Reports Q2 (May) earnings of $1.30 per share, $0.16 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.14; revenues rose 1.9% year/year to $5.56 bln vs the $5.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:03KRYS Krystal Biotech prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share (41.20 )06:01EQT EQT Corp.: Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT (15.38 )06:01WIRES On The WiresTaiwan Liposome Company, Ltd. (TLC) announced the signing of a development and license agreement with Birdie Biopharmaceuticals Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals Corp. Birdie and Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals are clinical stage biotech companies focused on the development of immunotherapy to treat cancer.Tilray Inc. (TLRY) announced it has imported medical cannabis oral solutions in bulk into the United Kingdom from its Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)-certified facility in Canada. This export allows Tilray to provide authorized U.K. patients in need with a locally maintained supply of medical cannabis oral solutions.Almirall, S.A. and Dermira, Inc. (DERM) announced that Almirall has exercised its option to license rights to develop and commercialize lebrikizumab for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and certain other indications in Europe. Almirall and Dermira previously entered into an option and license agreement in February 2019 pursuant to which Almirall was granted this exclusive option in exchange for an upfront option fee of $30 million. As a result of Almirall's decision to exercise its option, the company will pay Dermira $50 million, and Dermira will be eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, including $30 million in connection with the initiation of certain Phase 3 clinical studies.Amazon (AMZN) announced that this July, Amazon will provide Prime members worldwide the chance to get epic deals during its longest Prime Day ever. Prime Day starts at midnight PT on Monday, July 15 and -- for the first time ever -- runs for 48 hours, offering members two full days with more than one million deals around the world.Amcor plc (AMCR) announces it has entered into a binding agreement with Kohlberg & Company, for the sale of three former Bemis plants located in the United Kingdom and Ireland for cash consideration of USD 394 million (347 million). Collectively these three plants generate annual sales of approximately USD 170 million from the sale of flexible packaging for certain healthcare products. This divestment was required by the European Commission at the time of approving Amcor's acquisition of Bemis on 11 February 2019.06:00CS Credit Suisse announces the combination of its third party investment fund platform Credit Suisse InvestLab with Allfunds (11.66 )The agreement will create a global fund distribution platform with combined assets under administration of more than CHF 570 bln and distinct distribution competences. The combined business leverages the global wealth management footprint of Credit Suisse and the technological innovation of Allfunds, further enhancing the service offering to asset managers and distributors worldwide.The transaction comprises the transfer of all shares in Credit Suisse InvestLab, including the service agreements, and the related distribution agreements of Credit Suisse to Allfunds Group. As part of this combination, Credit Suisse will become a minority shareholder of up to 18% in the combined business and will be represented at the Board. Going forward, Credit Suisse will utilize the combined business platform to distribute mutual funds and ETFs.Upon the projected closing in Q3 2019, the transaction will have a limited regulatory capital benefit and is expected to result in a 0.5% RoTE uplift for the financial year 2019 for this transaction alone, all other things being equal.06:00BMWYY BMW Group steps up the pace of e-mobility expansion (24.12 )Co says sales of electrified vehicles to climb more than 30% per year up to 2025.Co is adjusting frequency to up the tempo of its electromobility expansion program. The company will now achieve the total of 25 electrified models previously announced for 2025 two years earlier, in 2023. Thanks to flexible vehicle architectures for fully-electric, plug-in hybrid and combustion engine drive trains, the company is able to respond quickly to changing conditions. More than half of the 25 models will be fully electric.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back in early tradeThe global equity markets are off to a slightly weaker start to begin the day. The markets appear to be trading with some caution and profit taking heading into the long awaited G-20 conference later this week. S&P Futures continue to be range bound. The index is trading around 2949, with the overnight high pegged at 2958.25, while the session low sits at 2942.25.In Asia, both China and Japan finished lower. The Shanghai gave up 0.9% that seemed more like profit taking after last week's run higher. There were also reports that President Trump talked down expectations for the G-20 summit. Japanese shares lost ground following media reports that President Trump is mulling a revamp of the long standing peace treaty with Japan, suggesting the state pick up more slack for its defense. Automotive and Export stocks saw weakness with names such as Toyota and Sony both losing 1% on the day. European bourses are doing very little this morning, under very slight pressure in correspondence with the US and Asia.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -1.010 yr Note: 2.02%USD/JPY: 107.09 -0.21EUR/USD: 1.1383 -0.0016Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX -0.1% CAC -0.1%Asia: Hang Seng -1.2% Shanghai -0.9% Nikkei -0.4%Gold (1432.90 +14.70) Silver (15.45 +0.07) Crude (57.91 +0.01)17:44FBK FB Financial to sell its Correspondent Lending channel to Rushmore Loan Management Services; expects the transaction to close early Q3 (35.08 -0.07)In addition to the $1.1 million restructuring expense reported for the first quarter of 2019, FB Financial expects to record additional restructuring charges of up to $1.5 million to cover transaction related expenses, severance and other items related to its mortgage operations. Excluding the impact of the mortgage restructuring charges noted above, FB Financial expects an increase in the operating results from its total mortgage operations in the second quarter of 2019 as compared to the first quarter of 2019. During the quarter the mortgage operations have experienced both strong origination volumes and elevated prepayments in the mortgage servicing rights portfolio.17:38FLR Fluor's Stork with its consortium partners was awarded a 4-year framework agreement for plant turnaround services by Ecopetrol (EC) (31.11 -0.95)The Colombia-based consortium includes Stork as the international lead partner, Rampint as the local partner in Barrancabermeja and Servimant as the local partner in Cartagena. The agreement also includes two extension options for an additional two years each. Both refineries supply fuel to meet Colombia's national and export product needs. Fluor booked the undisclosed contract value in the second quarter of 2019.17:30MDCO The Medicines Co also launched public offering of $150.0 mln of shares of common stock (35.36 -1.04)17:25MDCO The Medicines Co files mixed securities shelf offering (35.36 -1.04)16:54ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics will hold call on June 25 at 8 a.m. Eastern Time to provide top-line results from the SOLACE trial of topical ocular reproxalap in patients with noninfectious anterior uveitis (7.09 -0.34)16:49KRYS Krystal Biotech announces it has commenced $100 mln public offering of common stock; all shares will be sold by the company (41.20 +12.05)16:38ARQL ArQule also commences underwritten public offering of common stock (10.01 -0.48)There can be no assurances as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. Co intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to fund its core clinical programs and for general corporate purposes.16:35EHC Encompass Health makes minority equity investment in MedalogixMedalogix provides predictive analytics and data science for home health and hospice. Medalogix is assisting Encompass Health in preparing for the impending changes to the Patient-Driven Groupings Model, a new home health payment model for Medicare patients expected to take effect January 1, 2020.16:34ARQL ArQule files mixed securities shelf offering (10.01 -0.48)16:33CHS Chico's FAS issues open letter to shareholders announcing additional actions supporting corporate governance (3.32 -0.06)Board of Directors unanimously approves an amendment to company bylaws to opt out of Florida's control share acquisition statute bylaw amendment. This provides voting rights for all Chico's FAS shareholders and eliminates the need for a special meeting as recently requested by Sycamore Partners."To be clear, this bylaw amendment relates solely to voting rights; it does not speak to the merits of, or otherwise advance, Sycamore's unsolicited acquisition proposal, nor does it speak to whether the Company should engage with Sycamore on its proposal. As previously announced, Sycamore's June 19, 2019 proposal is being reviewed by the Board. On this point, we appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders for the Board's decision to reject Sycamore's May 10 acquisition proposal and the confidence expressed in our ability to improve the Company's growth and value creation. We also appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders over the past weeks for our new operating priorities and the improvements underway in these areas."16:32IBP Installed Building Products announces acquisition of Expert Insulation and Expert Insulation of Brainerd; terms not disclosed (54.29 +0.24)Founded in 1998, Expert Insulation serves the Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota markets through branch locations in Rochester and Brainerd, Minnesota. The company provides fiberglass and spray foam insulation installation services, as well as waterproofing services for commercial, residential, and multi-family customers. The acquisition adds approx. $12.0 mln of annual revenue. The company has also this quarter acquired an insulation installer in Pennsylvania with approx. $3.6 mln in annual revenues.16:28FRTA Forterra appoints Karl H. Watson, Jr. as CEO; reaffirms FY19 outlook (4.56 -0.04)Mr. Watson, who most recently served as EVP and COO at Summit Materials (SUM), succeeds Jeff Bradley, who has stepped down as CEO and a director to pursue other opportunities. The company continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance, most recently addressed in the company's earnings release for the first quarter of 2019. As stated on May 6, 2019, Forterra anticipates further strengthening in public infrastructure spending, continued positive pricing trends, and stabilizing input costs. The company remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow.16:21WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.2% on Monday, finishing near session lows in a day that showed little conviction from investors. With big gains already registered in June and the G-20 summit set to begin at the end of the week, the broader market appeared content trading little changed for most of the session.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.03%) finished fractionally higher, while the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.3%. The Russell 2000 underperformed with a loss of 1.3%.President Trump and President Xi are expected to partake in an extended meeting at G-20, which many see as a potential market-moving event. Although many analysts aren't expecting a swift resolution to the trade dispute this weekend, there is still optimism that progress can be made.It was a mixed session with six S&P 500 sectors finishing lower and five finishing higher. The energy sector (-0.9%) gave back some of its gains from last week, while the consumer discretionary sector (-0.5%) was dragged lower by many stocks within the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT 41.67, -0.65, -1.5%). The materials (+0.5%), consumer staples (+0.3%), and information technology (+0.2%) sectors provided offsetting support.The health care sector (-0.5%) was pressured by the insurance and hospital stocks after President Trump signed an executive order to make health care costs more transparent to patients. Shares of Bristol-Myers (BMY 45.68, -3.66, -7.4%) also underperformed amid a host of negative news, one of which included an announcement that its acquisition of Celgene (CELG 93.47, -5.44, -5.5%) will be pushed back to the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020.On a related note, President Trump signed a separate executive order, hitting Iran with new sanctions after it shot down a U.S. military drone last week. Market reaction was muted, as President Trump already indicated last week that more sanctions were coming.In M&A news, Caesars Entertainment (CZR 11.44, +1.45, +14.5%) confirmed it will be acquired by Eldorado Resorts (ERI 45.77, -5.45, -10.6%) for $12.75/share in cash and stock, or approximately $8.6 billion.U.S. Treasuries finished on a higher note, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined five basis points to 2.02%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 96.00 for its fourth consecutive decline. WTI crude increased 0.8% to $57.82/bbl.Investors did not receive any economic data on Monday. On Tuesday, investors will receive New Home Sales for May, the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April.Nasdaq Composite +20.7% YTDS&P 500 +17.5% YTDRussell 2000 +13.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +14.6% YTD16:20GNFT Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China (shares halted) (20.22 +0.02)Terns will have the rights to develop and commercialize elafibranor, GENFIT's proprietary compound, in Greater China, for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Under the terms of the licensing agreement, GENFIT will receive an upfront payment from Terns of $35 mln and will be eligible to receive up to $193 mln in potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments. Terns obtains the exclusive rights to develop, register, and market elafibranor in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan for both NASH and PBC. Upon commercial launch of elafibranor for the treatment of NASH in Greater China, GENFIT will be entitled to receive mid-teen percentage royalties from Terns based on sales in the territory. The two companies will also collaborate on research and development moving forward in NASH and PBC.16:17IART Integra promotes Glenn Coleman to COO and appoints Carrie Anderson as CFO, effective June 24 (53.24 -0.05)Mr. Coleman most recently served as CFO and corporate vice president, responsible for Integra's international business. The role of COO is a newly-created position at the company. Ms. Anderson most recently served as chief accounting officer and corporate controller at Dover Corporation (DOV).16:17EZPW EZCORP acquires seven pawn stores in Nevada operating under "Metro Pawn" banner (9.41 +0.30)Co announces that it has completed the acquisition of seven pawn stores in Nevada, bringing the company's total store count in the state to 24. The acquired stores, operating under the name "Metro Pawn," include five stores in the Reno area, representing the company's entry into the Las Vegas area, giving the company a total of 19 stores in that market.The acquisition was completed earlier today, and the purchase price was paid in cash.16:13STRO Sutro Biopharma appoints retired Biogen Idec (BIIB) EVP Connie Matsui as Chairman (11.68 -0.19)16:11GNFT Genfit trading halted, news pending (20.22 +0.02)16:11EVFM Evofem Biosciences files for 13,888,891 share common stock offering by holders including 2,777,779 shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants (6.67 -0.26)16:04NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin (2.10 -0.11)The EMA has determined that the company's MAA for intravenous and oral formulations of lefamulin, a potentially first-in-class, semi-synthetic pleuromutilin antibiotic for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia in adults 18 years of age and older, is valid. Validation of the MAA confirms that the submission is sufficiently complete to begin the formal review process. An opinion of the EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use is anticipated in the next 12 to 15 months.16:04GLDD Great Lakes Dredge & Dock announces receipt of dredging awards totaling $91 mln (10.51 -0.38)The scope of work for the coastal protection projects includes nourishment of beachfronts with sand excavated from off-shore borrow which is then used to rebuild dunes and restore the shorelines eroded by winter storms.The projects will be executed in the second half of 2019 and into 2020 and will be performed by hopper dredges with a minimal disruption to the local communities with a view to increasing the resilience of our coastal environments to challenges from rising sea levels.16:01MRTX Mirati Therapeutics commenced underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock (100.75 -0.69)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: June 26, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 20:00 ETBriefing.comJune 25, 2019 Tuesday 8:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 19150 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 25-Jun-19 20:00 ET18:00QD Qudian proposes to offer up to US$250 mln of convertible senior notes due 2026 (8.46 -0.26)The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes Offering to pay the cost of certain capped call transactions.17:36TGT Target announces two-day Target Deal Day event (July 15-16) featuring same-day delivery and pickup options (85.70 -1.02)"Last year's Target.com One-Day Sale was one of our biggest days of the year for online sales... This year, we're giving guests more discounts across even more of our assortment with two days to save on hundreds of thousands of items and offering the best options in retail for delivery and pick up on their terms, including same-day."17:31FTI TechnipFMC reaches global resolution of U.S. and Brazilian legacy investigations; agreed to pay a total of $301.3 mln to authorities (24.96 +0.22)As part of this resolution, TechnipFMC entered into a three-year Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the DOJ related to charges of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) related to conduct in Brazil and with Unaoil. In addition, Technip USA, Inc., a U.S. subsidiary, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA related to conduct in Brazil. The Company will also provide the DOJ reports on its anti-corruption program during the term of the DPA. As previously disclosed, TechnipFMC has also been cooperating with an investigation by the French Parquet National Financier (PNF) related to historical projects in Equatorial Guinea and Ghana. To date, this investigation has not reached resolution. TechnipFMC remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF and will maintain a $70 million provision related to this investigation.17:08NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics entered into $50 mln "Open Market Sale Agreement" with Jefferies (2.11 +0.01)16:58MU Micron on Conference Call- Sees revenue in the range of $4.3-4.7 bln, S&P Capital IQ consensus $4.558 bln; Sees EPS in the range of $0.38-0.52, Cap IQ consensus $0.7016:42BBVA Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria files mixed securities shelf offering (5.52 -0.05)16:31GBCI Glacier Bancorp increases quarterly dividend to $0.27/share from $0.26/share (39.22 -0.09)16:29INXN InterXion announces public offering of 4 mln common shares (75.11 -0.40)16:26CRCM Care.com CFO Michael Echenberg tenders his resignation, effective on August 30, 2019 (14.09 +0.18)The company expects that Michael Goss, the company's Vice President of Finance, will be appointed acting Chief Financial Officer of the company upon the effectiveness of Mr. Echenberg's resignation. Mr. Echenberg will assist in the transition of the Chief Financial Officer role until his departure from the company.16:25CRTO Criteo COO Mollie Spilman resigns effective July 5 to pursue a new career opportunity (17.96 -0.11)Ms. Spilman has decided to leave the company to pursue a new career opportunity. She will continue with the company through the end of 2Q19 and depart on July 5, 2019. With Ms. Spilman's departure, CEO JB Rudelle will directly manage the sales and operations teams to ensure faster execution of Criteo's transformation plan.16:22LILA Liberty Latin America proposes offering of $350 mln aggregate principle amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in private placement (18.08 -0.51)Liberty Latin America expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund the cost of certain capped call transactions and to use the remaining funds for other general corporate purposes.16:20BIG Big Lots appoints Jonathan Ramsden as EVP-Chief Financial and Administrative Officer effective August 5; reaffirms Q2 / FY EPS and sales guidance (27.78 +0.31)Mr. Ramsden will succeed Timothy A. Johnson, who will transition away from his roles effective August 5, 2019, to pursue other opportunities in the for-profit and not-for-profit arenas. Mr. Johnson has agreed to continue in an advisory role through Labor Day to provide the opportunity for a smooth transition for the business. Mr. Ramsden spent over seven years with Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF), joining as Chief Financial Officer in 2008 and later serving as the company's Chief Operating Officer. In connection with today's announcement, Big Lots reaffirmed its financial forecast for the second quarter and full year of fiscal 2019, as previously disclosed on May 31, 2019. Prior Guidance: Q2 EPS of $0.35-0.45 vs. $0.42 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and FY20 EPS of $3.70-3.85 vs. $3.78 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:20HFFG HF Foods enters into merger agreement with B&R Global Holdings, a food wholesaler and distributor for Asian restaurants (25.27 +1.25)Co and B&R Global Holdings announce that they have entered into a merger agreement pursuant to which they will combine their operations. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, at the closing of the merger, B&R Global Holdings will merge into HFFF's wholly owned subsidiary, resulting in B&R Global Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HF Foods.HFFG will issue approximately 30.7 mln of its shares of common stock to the former shareholders of B&R Global Holdings as consideration for the transaction.The combined business will serve in excess of 10,000 restaurants in 21 states and had revenues in excess of $800 mln in 2018.16:20WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 lost 1.0% on Tuesday, as subdued expectations for next month's Fed rate decision and the upcoming G-20 summit contributed to a risk-off mindset. Shares of technology companies, particularly the mega-cap stocks, underperformed the broader market.The Nasdaq Composite lost 1.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.7%, and the Russell 2000 lost 0.6%.St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter), who was the lone dissident in this month's FOMC meeting, said he didn't think it was necessary to cut the fed funds rate by 50 basis points. Instead, he favored a 25 basis points reduction, viewing it as an "insurance" cut.This stance from one of the Fed's most vocal doves, in addition to comments from Fed Chair Powell, tempered the market's hopes for a 50 basis points cut next month. Fed Chair Powell reminded the market that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swings in sentiment.Expectations for the upcoming G-20 summit were also lowered after a White House official told Reuters that the U.S. will not accept any new tariff conditions and that the U.S. is not willing to concede to the Chinese on trade. The goal is to simply reopen talks, which was not the constructive tone the market was anticipating.These subdued expectations, along with some disappointing economic data, contributed to some broad-based profit taking in equities. Ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower, led by the mega-cap stocks within the information technology (-1.8%), communication services (-1.6%), and consumer discretionary (-1.1%) sectors. The materials sector was unchanged.Regarding economic data, new home sales for May and consumer sentiment for June both declined below expectations. On a related note, home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.22, -3.19, -6.2%) provided investors with downside Q3 guidance.In M&A news, the health care sector (-0.4%) was home to a mega-merger deal on Tuesday. AbbVie (ABBV 65.70, -12.75, -16.3%) announced it will acquire Allergan (AGN 162.43, +32.86, +25.4%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie losing over 16%, the premium was reduced to 37% over AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries finished on a mostly higher note. The 2-yr yield was unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.99%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 96.16. WTI crude was unchanged at $57.81/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).Looking ahead, investors will receive the following reports on Wednesday: Durable Goods Orders for May, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and the Advance reports for International Trade in Goods, Retail Inventories, and Wholesales Inventories for May.Nasdaq Composite +18.8% YTDS&P 500 +16.4% YTDRussell 2000 +12.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.8% YTD16:19FDX FedEx beats by $0.18, reports revs in-line, guides FY20 EPS below consensus (156.01 -4.90)Reports Q4 (May) earnings of $5.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.18 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $4.83; revenues rose 2.8% year/year to $17.81 bln vs the $17.85 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q4 was hurt by lower FedEx International Priority package and freight revenues at FedEx Express, higher costs at FedEx Ground and business realignment costs primarily associated with the U.S.-based voluntary employee buyout program. Partially offsetting these factors were the benefits from US volume growth, increased revenue per shipment at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground, lower variable incentive compensation expenses and a favorable net impact of fuel at all transportation segments.Outlook: Co guides to FY20 non-GAAP EPS being a mid-single-digit percentage point decline (prior to the year-end MTM retirement plan accounting adjustment and excluding estimated TNT Express integration expenses). Current consensus is at $16.16, and FY19 actual was $15.52. So consensus is estimating 4% EPS growth, so the guidance of a mid-single-digit decline is a good bit below consensus estimates.16:19JAZZ Jazz Pharma will host webcast on July 2 at 4:30 p.m. EDT to provide investors with an update on Sunosi (136.50 +5.19)Sunosi (solriamfetol) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on March 20, 2019 to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Sunosi is the first dual-acting dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved to treat excessive daytime sleepiness in adults living with narcolepsy or OSA. Beginning early July, Sunosi will be commercially available in the U.S. following the recent scheduling decision by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency.16:19GBT Global Blood Therapeutics announces public offering of approx. $200.0 mln of shares of its common stock (62.43 -0.86)GBT intends to use proceeds to fund its clinical development of voxelotor for the treatment of sickle cell disease. GBT may also use a portion of the net proceeds to in-license, acquire or invest in new business, technology or assets, although it has no material agreements, commitments, or understandings in place.16:18PGRE Paramount Group enters into agreement to acquire 55 Second Street ni San Francisco for $408 mln (14.23 -0.15)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 55 Second Street, a 387,000 square foot office building located in San Francisco's South Financial District, for approximately $408 mln or $1,054 per square foot.The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, is expected to close in 3Q19. In connection with the transaction, the company expects to bring in a joint venture partner prior to closing.The property is currently 87.4% leased primarily to accounting, legal and technology tenants.16:17CFMS ConforMIS has secured up to $30 mln in debt financing from Innovatus Capital Partners and East West Bank and $3 mln in equity financing from Innovatus (3.84 -0.03)In addition, Innovatus purchased $3 million of the Company's common stock from the Company at the previous day's closing price.16:16APLE Apple Hospitality REIT appoints Rachael Rothman to position of Executive Vice President and CFO, effective July 1, 2019 (15.70 -0.02)Ms. Rothman will succeed Bryan Peery as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As previously announced, Mr. Peery plans to retire from the company in 1Q20. Mr. Peery will continue as Executive Vice President and, effective July 1, 2019, will become Chief Accounting Officer for the company.16:16COWN Cowen Group names CEO Jeffrey Solomon as Chairman (16.63 +0.35)Outgoing Chairman Jerome S. Markowitz is now serving as Lead Independent Director.16:14MU Micron --CORRECTION-- MU beat by 26 cents; we previously reported the GAAP number which was a 5 cent miss; guidance will be released shortly with a conference call starting at 4:30pm ET; we have corrected the original comment16:14INXN InterXion files for ordinary share shelf offering (75.10 -0.44)16:13AVAV AeroVironment beats by $0.02, beats on revs; guides FY20 EPS in-line, revs in-line (61.31 -0.61)Reports Q4 (Apr) earnings of $0.26 per share, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.24; revenues fell 25.1% year/year to $87.9 mln vs the $82.57 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross margin decreased to 42% from 45%. The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to the decrease in sales volume and an increase in the proportion of service revenue to total revenue.As of April 30, 2019, funded backlog was $164.3 mln compared to $164.4 mln as of April 30, 2018.Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $1.47-$1.67 vs. $1.64 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $350-$370 mln vs. $360.50 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:06PDLI PDL BioPharma announces resignation of CFO, effective August 15, 2019 (3.08 +0.09)Co announces the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Peter Garcia, who will be leaving the company effective August 15, 2019. He will continue in his role through the filing of the company's second quarter 10-Q in August and is committed to ensure a smooth transition of duties.16:06PRTK Paratek Pharma promotes Evan Loh, M.D. to CEO, effective June 25 (3.76 -0.02)Dr. Loh has nearly 20 years of experience as a senior executive in the pharmaceutical industry, most recently serving as Paratek's Chief Operating Officer since January 2017 and as President and Chief Medical Officer and member of the Board of Directors since June 2014. Michael Bigham, who has served as Paratek's Chairman and CEO since 2014, will remain active with the company in the newly created role of Executive Chairman.16:05MU Micron beats by $0.26, beats on revs; Seeing early signs of demand improvement but will reduce 2020 CapEx spend (32.68 -0.51)Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $1.05 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.26 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues fell 38.6% year/year to $4.79 bln vs the $4.7 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Micron's improved competitive position and strong execution helped us deliver solid results despite a challenging environment," said Micron Technology President and CEO Sanjay Mehrotra. "While we are seeing early signs of demand improvement, we plan to reduce our capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 to help improve industry supply-demand balance."16:03SSTK Shutterstock announces that Co-Chief Operating Officer and CFO will depart; co's Chief Accounting Officer appointed to fill role of Interim CFO (39.62 -0.89)Co-Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Steven Berns will depart from his roles at SSTK to pursue other opportunities, effective immediately. Mr. Berns' departure is not due to a dispute or any matter relating to the company's accounting and financial policies and operations. The company's Chief Accounting Officer, Steve Ciardiello has been appointed to the role of interim Chief Financial Officer until a successor has been named. Mr. Ciardiello will also continue in his existing role as Chief Accounting Officer. SSTK also announces that Stan Pavlovsky, who had been serving as Co-Chief Operating Officer and Head of Strategic Operations, has been named President and Chief Operating Officer.16:01ODT Odonate Therapeutics commences underwritten public offering of $100 mln common stock (28.12 +0.04)15:49SCS Steelcase discloses entry into stock repurchase agreement with an independent third party broker under which the broker is authorized to repurchase up to 1.5 mln shares of common stock on behalf of the Company between June 26-December 26 (16.03 +0.46)The shares will be purchased pursuant to the Company's previously announced share repurchase program.15:44SUMRX Closing Commodities: Oil and gold settle the day flat: API oil data out after the closeMetals Settlement Prices:Aug gold settled today's session $0.30 higher at $1418.45/ozJuly silver settled today's session $0.08 lower (-0.5%) at $15.29/ozSept copper settled $0.02 higher (+0.7%) at $2.73/lbAgriculture Settlement Prices:July corn settled unch at $4.52/bushelJuly wheat settled $0.03 lower (-0.6%) at $5.40/bushelJuly soybeans settled $0.06 lower (-0.7%) at $9.08/bushelEnergy Settlement Prices:July Crude Oil futures fell $0.01 to $57.81/barrelJuly Natural Gas settles unch at $2.28/MMBtuJuly RBOB Gasoline settled $0.02 higher (+1.1%) at $1.83/gallonJuly Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (+0.5%) at $1.93/gallon15:37SAFM Sanderson Farms issues statement, says has not been subpoenaed in connection with Department of Justice investigation (131.62 -2.38)"The United States Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday, June 21, 2019, in In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation stating that it is conducting a criminal investigation regarding the broiler industry. The Company has not been subpoenaed in connection with the Department of Justice investigation. The Company continues to believe the civil plaintiffs' claims as to Sanderson Farms are wholly without merit, and we are committed to defending the case vigorously."15:27SUMRX Earnings Confirmed for this afternoon and tomorrow morningEarnings out this afternoon: AVAV FDX MU SNXEarnings out tomorrow morning: ATU BB GIS INFO PAYX SCHN UNF15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb AgainU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a mostly higher note, but not before seeing some intraday volatility. Treasuries started the cash session just above yesterday's closing levels, spending the first hour of the action in a narrow range. The opening gains were extended amid early weakness on the equity side, with Treasuries rising to highs after the release of weaker than expected New Home Sales for May (actual 626,000; Briefing.com consensus 683,000) and weaker than expected Consumer Confidence for June (actual 121.5; Briefing.com consensus 132.0). Midday action saw a pullback from highs, as the market responded to speeches from St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Fed Chairman Jay Powell. The St. Louis Fed President was up first, and while he said that this is a good time for an "insurance cut", he ruled out the need for a 50-basis point cut. Fed Chairman Powell struck a similar tone, noting that the outlook has changed since early May, but monetary policy should not overreact to short-term swings in sentiment. The midday pullback was most visible in shorter tenors while the long bond remained near its high until the close. Today's $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction was met with strong demand. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 96.13, recording its first gain in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: -1 bp to 1.68% 5-yr: -2 bps to 1.73% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.99% 30-yr: -2 bps to 2.53%News: The implied probability of a 50-bps rate cut at the July meeting decreased to 36.4% from 42.6% after today's speeches from FOMC voters Bullard and Powell. Reuters reported that President Trump will meet with China's President Xi Jinping in Japan on Saturday. U.S. envoy to NATO, Kay Bailey Hutchinson, reiterated that Turkey will be excluded from the F-35 program if the country takes delivery of a Russian-made anti-aircraft weapon system. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. The new British Prime Minister will be named on July 23. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. $40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.695% (2.572%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58 (2.63) Indirect bid: 48.5% (46.3%) Direct bid: 24.2% (15.6%) Today's Data: New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April. The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017. The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook. The FHFA Housing Price Index increased 0.4% in April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) after increasing 0.1% in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index increased 2.5% in April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) after increasing a revised 2.6% (from 2.7%) in March. Commodities: WTI crude: UNCH at $57.81/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1418.45/ozt Copper: +0.7% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1373 GBP/USD: -0.3% to 1.2696 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8842 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior -3.4%) 8:30 ET: May Durable Orders (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior -2.1%) and Durable Orders ex-transportation (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.0%), May Advance International Trade in Goods (prior -$72.10 bln), May Advance Retail Inventories (prior 0.5%), and May Advance Wholesale Inventories (prior 0.7%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior -3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $41 bln 5-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 11:30 ET: San Francisco Fed President (non-voter) Mary Daly15:09SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Allergan (AGN) rises on premium acquisition by AbbVie (ABBV) in the latest major combination for the pharmaceutical sector -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersAGN (163.57 +26.24%): To be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) in a cash-and-stock deal with a transaction equity value of approx. $63 bln, based on ABBV's closing price of $78.45 yesterday; co's shareholders will receive 0.8660 ABBV shares and $120.30/share in cash for each AGN share held. The transaction represents a premium of +45% relative to co's closing price yesterday. Co's shareholders will own approx. 17% of AbbVie on a fully diluted basis following the closing of the acquisition. Shares reach their highest levels since November. ELAN (34.67 +3.4%): Various pharmaceutical companies and other healthcare names see strength in the wake of the AbbVie/Allergan deal. CAG (29.02 +3.27%): Posts moderate gains a few days in advance of its next quarterly results, which will be reported before the open on Thursday; in recent press, co today announced several product expansions for its Healthy Choice and Birds Eye brands. Consumer staples sector sees modest relative strength.Large Cap LosersABBV (66.04 -15.83%): Acquiring Allergan (AGN), as detailed above. Co sees the deal as providing immediate scale and profitability to its growth platform and significantly expanding and diversifying its global commercial scale and revenue base with new therapeutic areas, including medical aesthetics. Co expects the acquisition to provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 bln in year three as a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, reducing overlapping R&D resources, and driving SG&A efficiencies, among other factors. It is expected to be 10% accretive to adj. EPS over the first full year, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. Annual combined revenue for 2019 is estimated at approx. $48 bln. Sinks to two-year lows. SHOP (284.44 -8.78%): Downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush, citing valuation; the firm also increased co's price target to $305. The stock, which reached new all-time highs last week a bit shy of $340 and which continues to hold gains of circa +105% year-to-date, was also downgraded yesterday at ROTH Capital and last week at CIBC. ATHM (82.13 -7.73%): Chinese stocks generally underperform, with the Shanghai Composite Index having today ended a streak of gaining action, as the crucial G-20 meeting looms. (Related: TME, CTRP...)14:57TALKX Market Briefing: Re-thinking some bullish-minded mattersThe major indices have extended today's losses, pressured by a reality check that its most hopeful outlook isn't going to be satisfied in the near term.To that end, St. Louis Fed President Bullard -- the lone dissenter at the recent FOMC meeting and most ardent dove on the FOMC -- said today that he thinks a rate cut is coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50 basis points rate cut is necessary at the July 30-31 meeting. Fed Chair Powell didn't say anything either in a speech today to stoke expectations that the Fed is leaning at this juncture toward a 50 basis points cut at the July meeting.The other selling catalyst has been acknowledgment from White House officials that the goal for the G-20 meeting is to reopen trade talks, but that the U.S. will not accept any tariff conditions. That could be a stumbling block right out of the gate for China, which wants the U.S. to roll back existing tariffs. Separately, there was also an acknowledgment from White House officials that the trade talks could go on for months or years, which left an impression that the trade spat could be a prolonged one.Up to this point, there was some budding hope that the U.S. and China wil at least agree to forestall new tariff actions at this weekend's meeting. That's possible, but clearly, no guarantee has been given.Effectively, then, a short-term overbought market is finding reason to consolidate some strong June gains that were helped along in part by a hope the G-20 Summit would strike a constructive tone and that the Fed would cut rates by 50 basis pints in July. Those views are being called into question today, however, which is leading to the broad-based selling interest.The Russell 2000 is down 0.5%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.6%; the S&P 500 is down 0.8%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.5%.13:51FDX FedEx to report this evening (157.17 -3.73)FedEx (FDX 157.17, -3.73, -2.3%) will report its Q4 results after today's closing bell, followed by the management's conference call at 17:30 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the company to report an 18.3% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $4.83 on a 3.1% yr/yr increase in revenue to $17.85 bln. Last quarter, FedEx reported weaker than expected results and lowered its guidance to account for a slowing global economy. The weak outlook briefly pressured the stock, but FedEx was able to climb to a fresh 2019 high in mid-April. However, that push was followed by a return to the December low earlier this month. Continued relative strength in the U.S. economy should support FedEx's domestic business, but the international segment could see softness associated with slowing growth in Asia and Europe. FedEx's international segment accounts for roughly 30% of revenue. The company has had a difficult time integrating TNT Express into its business. Investors have known about this issue for a while, so any improvement on this front would be a positive. South China Morning Post reported today that the Chinese government may put FedEx on its list of unreliable foreign entities. Global Times speculated about this possibility on Sunday.FedEx trades at 9.9x forward earnings expectations, which represents a discount to UPS's (UPS 97.47, -2.25, -2.3%) 12.9x forward multiple.Editor's note: A previous version of this comment included the GAAP EPS estimate instead of the non-GAAP estimate. The comment has been corrected.13:50SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Brighthouse Financial (BHF) sinks on analyst downgrades -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTEVA (8.8 +6.67%): Various biotech/pharma names move higher following AbbVie's (ABBV) premium acquisition of pharmaceutical peer Allergan (AGN). (Related: JAZZ, MYL...) GRUB (76.18 +5.52%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and price target raised to $91 at Citigroup, citing factors including co's continued gains in gross food sales and reports that co is in early tests with certain large chains. Posts three-month highs.SAM (361.78 +3.59%): Now up by circa +7% over the past week, the stock today achieves a new all-time high on slightly above average volume.Mid Cap LosersBHF (33.63 -11.78%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman, which lowers co's target to $32 from $39, and to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse, which cuts co's price target to $22 from $35, with both firms calling attention to sources of pressure to co's capital plans. Drops to five-month lows.UNIT (9.88 -7.58%): In recent items, co announced the planned offering by its subsidiary Uniti Fiber Holdings, Inc. of $300 mln aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2024, and it signaled that it has entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to extend the maturity date of its revolving credit facility. Co also yesterday announced that PEG Bandwidth Holdings, the holder of co's 3.00% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, has elected to convert all of its shares.JOBS (69.88 -6.18%): Dropped to its lowest levels since December in early trade; though now well off those morning lows, the stock continues to underperform on more than 3x average volume, lagging alongside Chinese peers generally ahead of the weekend's G-20 meeting. (Related: HUYA, LX, BZUN...)13:32OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:BHC Jul 24 calls (volume: 7970, open int: 100, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 36%). Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.ATVI Jun 46.5 calls (volume: 6230, open int: 990, implied vol: ~41%, prev day implied vol: 38%). Co is expected to report earnings early August.MCD Jun 207.5 calls (volume: 5030, open int: 1490, implied vol: ~16%, prev day implied vol: 2%). Co is confirmed to report earnings July 26 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HRL Sep 42.5 puts (volume: 4060, open int: 10, implied vol: ~24%, prev day implied vol: 22%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.92, VIX: (16.12, +0.86, +5.6%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:16SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (68) outpacing new lows (59) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ABT, AEM, AGCO, AGI, AJRD, ANIP, AON, ARQL, ATO, AU, BFAM, BHP, BKH, BLL, CL, CMS, CNMD, DTE, EL, FCFS, GFI, GNRC, HIG, HMY, IT, JCI, KGC, KL, MAA, NEE, NVS, PG, PNM, RARX, RGLD, RSG, SAM, SAND, SBUX, SE, STE, SYK, TMO, TRV, V, WM, WTR, YUM, BEP, EDD, EMD, FNV, GBT, GOLD, MMT, NAD, NEA, NG, NZF, PVG, QSR, SHV, SHY, SLQD, UTF, VCSH, VGIT, VGMStocks that traded to 52 week lows: ABEO, ACLS, ADS, AERI, AFI, AHT, AMAG, AMC, ANAB, ANGI, AR, ASNA, ATRA, BNFT, CNX, CUK, DF, ECOM, MR, ENDP, EPC, EQT, EROS, GHL, GPRE, GTE, AMRX, KR, KSS, MATW, MYGN, OMN, QUAD, RAD, RYAM, RYTM, SBH, SCOR, SEMG, SFM, SFNC, SFUN, SIG, SKT, SPN, TV, TX, UNFI, URGN, VICR, WDR, WWW, ABBV, AVYA, CCL, ENR, GTT, IGT, WPGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: BFZ, EHI, GHY, MOSC, MUA, WIWThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CEL, SHIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: BWX, ENZL, FXY, GDX, GDXJ, GLD, HYD, IAU, MUB, SHY13:15TALKX Market Briefing: Fed Chair Powell also tempering market's scope of rate-cut hopes?In a speech on the Economic Outlook and Monetary Policy Review given at the Council of Foreign Relations today, Fed Chair Powell said much of what he said last week following the FOMC meeting.In that sense, one could see it as a dovish speech. The problem today perhaps is that Fed Chair Powell's remarks didn't necessarily make it clear that the Fed is inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at the July meeting.That sense of matters is wrapped up in the following two observations made in the speech:"Against the backdrop of heightened uncertainties, the baseline outlook of my FOMC colleagues, like that of many other forecasters, remains favorable, with unemployment remaining near historic lows.""But we are also mindful that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swing in sentiment."This speech followed on the heels of St. Lois Fed President Bullard saying that he thought a rate cut would be coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.Accordingly, the Powell speech served as another focal point that tempered the market's growing, and pent-up, hope that the Fed would cut by 50 basis points at the July 30-31 meeting. It could still if events, and data, unfold in the interim that suggest such a cut is necessary, but for now, there appear to be some emerging hints in the Fed commentary that suggest the market is probably getting greedy with the expectation that a 50 basis points cut is on the way.13:09SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ABBV (57.23 mln -15.46%), AGN (23.25 mln +26.5%), TEVA (21.69 mln +7.27%), BMY (14.02 mln +0.45%)Materials: GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), KGC (14.76 mln -2.78%), HMY (12.99 mln -5.16%)Industrials: GE (20.66 mln -0.68%)Consumer Discretionary: CZR (57.76 mln +2.27%)Information Technology: AMD (29.78 mln -0.38%), NOK (17.49 mln -0.79%), MSFT (15.84 mln -2.75%), MU (14.28 mln +1.27%)Financials: BAC (27.1 mln -0.66%), ITUB (15.37 mln -1.11%), BBD (13.41 mln -1.52%)Energy: CHK (31 mln -4.97%), SWN (13.3 mln -5.57%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: ABBV (11.7x -15.46%), AGN (7.08x +26.5%), XNCR (4.81x +13.29%), ATRS (4.04x +4.97%), ARQL (2.12x +9.89%)Materials: HMY (2.69x -5.16%), NG (2.25x -0.72%)Industrials: JOBS (3.46x -6.48%), DOOR (3.21x +2.21%)Consumer Discretionary: LEN (3.7x -5.74%), ERI (3.7x -3.87%), CZR (2.79x +2.27%), GRUB (2.19x +5.07%)Information Technology: SCSC (2.96x +2.61%)Financials: VMBS (6.89x +0.03%), VCIT (4.42x -0.01%), BHF (4.18x -13.12%), AEF (2.54x -0.27%)Energy: TOO (3.59x -1.72%)Utilities: ENIC (3x +0.84%)13:08SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: AGN (163.9 +26.5%), XNCR (38.37 +13.29%), RUBY (15.11 +10.21%), ARQL (11 +9.89%), TEVA (8.85 +7.27%), ENDP (3.84 +6.96%), DNLI (20.95 +6.72%), RARX (27.94 +6.56%), INO (2.57 +5.99%), PGNX (5.5 +5.36%)Industrials: GBX (28.96 +7.06%), TGI (19.74 +5.9%)Energy: MDR (8.79 +6.93%), LPI (2.9 +5.84%), OIS (17.94 +5.65%), GLOG (13.89 +5.63%)Consumer Staples: USNA (79.15 +9.41%), RAD (6.78 +7.62%), SPTN (11.53 +5.83%), ELF (13.87 +5.8%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ABBV (66.33 -15.46%), EPZM (13.54 -10.48%)Industrials: JOBS (69.66 -6.48%)Consumer Discretionary: RGS (16.56 -6.76%), SCVL (26.5 -5.96%)Information Technology: GTT (18.52 -7.26%), GSKY (12.15 -6.22%), UPLD (44 -6.13%), SHOP (292.83 -6.09%)Financials: BHF (33.12 -13.12%), HIIQ (24.05 -7.96%), JT (4.08 -6.63%)Consumer Staples: DF (0.97 -6.21%)13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.695% (When-Issued: 1.705%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58Indirect bid: 48.5% Direct bid: 24.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stock market trades lower in front of Powell commentsThe S&P 500 is down 0.5%, as shares of technology companies weigh on the broader market. Investors have shown some caution, buying into U.S. Treasuries, in front of an appearance from Fed Chair Powell at the top of the hour.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.9%. The Russell 2000 is up 0.1% after underperforming yesterday.Mr. Powell's position as Fed Chair usually commands the most attention, but the market has taken a leg lower in recent action after St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter) said a half-point cut in the fed funds rate would be too much. Instead, Mr. Bullard prefers a quarter-point cut.Economic data released today has provided some insight into the housing sector and consumer sentiment that has also disappointed investors. New homes sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000), and the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0).Today's action has been largely risk-off, which is being reflected across losses in nine of the 11 S&P 500 sectors. Leading today's retreat are the S&P 500 communication services (-1.4%), information technology (-1.2%), and consumer discretionary (-0.7%) sectors. The materials (+0.1%) and real estate (+0.02%) sectors cling onto slim gains.Home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.33, -3.13, -6.1%) has also contributed to the cautious sentiment after it issued downside Q3 guidance, discouraging investors after it provided positive quarterly results earlier in the day.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space. Allergan (AGN 164.00, +34.41, +26.6%) confirmed it will be acquired by pharmaceutical company AbbVie (ABBV 66.33, -12.12, -15.5%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie currently down over 15%, the deal represents a 37% premium to AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries have advanced, pushing the benchmark 10-yr yield down three basis points to 1.99%, as investors remain cautious about the economic outlook. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 96.21.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).12:48TALKX Market Briefing: Bullard reins in scope of rate-cut expectationsThe stock market has hit an air pocket, moving to its lows for the session, following comments from St. Louis Fed President Bullard (FOMC voter) who said he sees a rate cut coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.This remark caused some knee-jerk selling interest, as there has been a growing belief that the Fed will be inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at its July 30-31 FOMC meeting. The fact that one of the Fed's biggest doves -- if not the biggest -- is seemingly trying to rein in the market's rate-cut hopes has taken some of that rate-cut premium out of stock prices.As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell has a speaking engagement at 1:00 p.m. ET.The Russell 2000 is down 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.5%; the S&P 500 is down 0.6%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.12:00MSFT Microsoft hit by profit-taking interest (134.79 -2.99)Shares of Dow component Microsoft (MSFT 134.56, -3.22, -2.3%), which is also the largest stock by market capitalization, are underperforming today. That has to do in large part with how the stock has outperformed since June 3.Entering today, Microsoft was up 15% since June 3 (i.e. the day before Fed Chair Powell said the Fed would act appropriately to sustain the expansion) versus a 7.3% gain for the S&P 500 and a 9.2% gain for the Nasdaq Composite.A 15% move in a stock the size of Microsoft is a massive move and left shares of MSFT 21% above their 200-day moving average. The basis for today's selling, then, is a pullback from a short-term overbought condition.That condition was brought to light today by the analyst at Jefferies who raised his price target to $90 from $80, but maintained an Underperform rating and called the stock "materially overvalued."It won't be lost on investors that MSFT has defied the Jefferies view of the stock's prospects in a big way leading into today; nonetheless, with the broader market in a consolidation mode in front of the G-20 summit, the Jefferies view today looks to have served as another profit-taking catalyst.11:45SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -0.27%, FTSE +0.13%, CAC -0.05%---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.03%Germany's DAX: -0.27%U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.13%France's CAC 40: -0.05%Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.73%Spain's IBEX 35: -0.24%11:41SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Xencor (XNCR) rises on addition to S&P SmallCap 600 index -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersXNCR (38.25 +12.92%): Co will take the place of HFF Inc. (HF) in the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 2, upon that company's pending acquisition by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). At five-month highs. KRYS (45.8 +11.15%): Continued strength following updates from trials of KB103. Co also announced a public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock priced at $40.00/share, for gross proceeds of approx. $100.0 mln. Extends to further all-time highs. USNA (77.05 +6.51%): Designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 1, replacing Fidelity Southern (LION) upon its acquisition by by Ameris Bancorp (ABCB).Small Cap LosersFRTA (4.10 -10.20%): Announced that its CEO, Jeff Bradley, has stepped down as CEO and as one of co's directors in order to pursue other opportunities; co has appointed Karl H. Watson, Jr., most recently COO of Summit Materials (SUM), has been appointed to succeed Mr. Bradley. Co also announced the appointment of John McPherson as Lead Director and non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board, a newly created role, and noted that it "continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance" and that it "remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow." At two-month lows.EPZM (13.8 -8.72%): Tracks lower after spiking to a new 52-week high near yesterday's open and after having netted gains of circa +29% last week, bolstered by interim data for tazemetostat.SCOR (6.87 -7.66%): Sees continued weakness, down by circa 17% in the most recent three sessions. News items for co in recent days include its announcement of an agreement with an institutional investor for a $20 mln private placement of common stocks and warrants with potential to increase to approx. $50 mln and its announcement of a strategic partnership with MediaScience to research cross-platform advertising. Recent sector news included LiveRamp's (RAMP) acquisition, announced yesterday, of media measurement company Data Plus Math for a total consideration of $150 mln. Posts all-time lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 2.125% Bid-to-cover: 2.75 Indirect bid: 46.6% Direct bid: 27.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%11:20GIS General Mills Fourth Quarter Earnings Preview (53.87 +0.20)General Mills (GIS) will report fourth quarter earnings tomorrow before the open. There is a conference call scheduled for 8:30 ET. Q4 Capital IQ consensus calls for EPS of $0.76 (-4% yr/yr) on revenue of $4.24 bln (+8.8% yr/yr). The company is expected to guide for FY20 where consensus stands at $3.31 (-4.8% yr/yr) and $17.3 bln for revenues (+1.6% yr/yr).Looking back, the company beat on EPS four times in a row, but missed on revenues four times in a row. GIS shares increased 3% following its Q4 results. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, General Mills expects Blue Buffalo's net sales and segment operating profit growth will accelerate meaningfully, driven by significant distribution expansion in the FDM channel. Based on the GIS weekly Jun28 $54 straddle, the options market is currently pricing in a move of ~6% in either direction by weekly expiration (Friday).On a positive report, look for resistance near the $58.00-58.50 area, while support sits near the $49.00-49.50 vicinity.GIS has a market cap of ~$32 bln and trades at ~16x FY20 earnings, a notable discount to the average consumer packaged goods stock at 22x.11:13XPH Pharma is the big winner today after second large M&A deal is announced in as many weeksPharma and biotech stocks are the clear winners in trading this morning. With ABBV announcing today it will acquire AGN just a week after PFE said it will acquire ARRY, there is a lot of excitement in the group. What's notable is that both acquiring companies have blockbuster drugs (ABBV with Humira and PFE with Lyrica) that are soon facing patent expirations. It's clear large pharmas want to restock their portfolios. It's leading to speculation as to which companies may be next.On the other side of the spectrum, China, IT and gold stocks are showing weakness today.10:35SUMRX Morning Commodities: Oil sheds gains, now modestly lower, gold over 1% higherCommodities are higher (+0.5% at 79.88 as measured by the Bloomberg Commodity Index)Dollar index is slightly lower (-0.04% at 95.9420)Looking at energy:Jul WTI crude oil futures are now -$0.08 (-0.1%) at $57.82/barrelIn other energy, Jul natural gas is -$0.4 (-1.9%) at $2.24/MMBtu Moving on to metals:Aug gold is currently +$18.15 (+1.3%) at $1436.35/oz, while Jul silver is +$0.05 at $15.43/ozJul copper is now +$0.03 (+1.0%) at 2.73/lb10:31SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence & New Home Sales miss expectationsEconomic Data Summary:April Case Schiller Home Price Index 0.4% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.5%; March was 2.7% April FHFA Housing Price Index 2.5% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; March was revised to 2.6% from 0.1% June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs Briefing.com consensus of 132.0; May was revised to 131.3 from 134.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.May New Home Sales 626K vs Briefing.com consensus of 683K; April was revised to 679K from 673 The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -3.4%) May Durable Orders due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of -0.3%; April was -2.1%) May Durable Orders -- Ex Transportation due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; April was 0.0%) May Advance International Trade in Goods due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was -$72.1 bln) May Advance Retail Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.5%) May Advance Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.7%)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bostric to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bullard to speak today at 17:30 ET.The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week.Tuesday: $40 bln in 2 Year Treasury NotesWednesday: $41 bln in 5 Year Treasury NotesThursday: $32 bln in 7 Year Treasury NotesOther International Events of InterestChinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.10:17OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:BHC Jul 24 calls are seeing interest with 4420 contracts trading vs. open int of 100, pushing implied vol up around 16 points to ~52%. Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.Puts:HRL Sep 42.5 puts are seeing interest with 4060 contracts trading vs. open int of 10, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~24%. 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Stocks seeing volatility selling:FDS, LEN implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.68, VIX: (15.48, +0.22, +1.4%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:10TALKX Market Briefing: Soft start followed by some soft economic dataThe stock market has started to day's session on a soft note. This isn't altogether surprising given the lack of conviction seen in the futures market ahead of the open.At the same time, it isn't all that surprising given that market participants are spying a 1:00 p.m. ET speaking appearance by Fed Chair Powell as a potential market mover and given that the highly-anticipated G-20 summit is sitting on the weekend horizon.Just not much conviction right now on the part of buyers, who have been very active throughout the month of June, which is on track to be the best June for the S&P 500 since 1955!The broader market will be excused, then, for taking a little time to consolidate after a big run. Some disappointing consumer confidence data for June (121.5 vs. 132.0 Briefing.com consensus) and weaker-than-expected new home sales data for May (626K vs. 683K Briefing.com consensus) have also cast a pall on buying efforts.Treasuries, on the other hand, have benefited from the disappointing data. The 10-yr note yield is down three basis points to 1.99%.Separately, the health care space is one of the more actively-traded areas in the stock market today following AbbVie's (ABBV 66.89, -11.56, -14.7%) $63 billion cash-and-stock offer to acquire Allergan (AGN 164.69, +35.12, +27.1%), the maker of Botox.The Russell 2000 is up 0.1%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%; the S&P 500 is down 0.2%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.10:04AJG Arthur J. Gallagher to purchase a minority stake in Prague-based Renomia a.s.; terms not disclosed (86.87 -0.11)The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019. Renomia is the largest independent broker based in the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region.10:01ECONX June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs 132.0 Briefing.com consensus10:01ECONX May New Home Sales 626K vs 683K Briefing.com consensus09:47NRZ New Residential Investment 'launched an opportunistic underwritten public offering of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ' (15.97 )The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for investments and general corporate purposes.09:43OR Osisko Gold Royalties increases previously announced bought-deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares (10.96 -0.49)Osisko Gold Royalties announces that, due to strong demand, Betelgeuse LLC has entered into a revised agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets to increase the size of its previously announced bought deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per common share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $110,685,000. Osisko will not be receiving any of the proceeds of the secondary offering. Amounts are in Canadian dollars.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Wall Street opens slightly lower amid weakness in financialsThe major averages begin the day slightly lower. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows most holding modest losses. The communication services (-0.5%) and financials (-0.7%) sectors show relative weakness, while the real estate (+0.3%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are the lone sectors trading higher.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.73%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 2.00%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 96.01. WTI crude is up 0.3% to $58.05/bbl.09:28WIRES On The WiresKandi Technologies (KNDI) announced that its JV with Geely Group, Kandi Electric Vehicles Group, has received a national subsidy payment of RMB 876 mln from the Chinese government for sales of new energy vehicles, consisting of RMB 742.8 mln for pure EV sales during 2015 and 2016 and RMB 133.4 mln for partial EV sales in 2017.Progenics Pharm (PGNX) announced that results from studies highlighting the PSMA-targeted imaging agent, PyL, were presented at the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2019 Annual Meeting. The results included data from the company's Phase 2/3 OSPREY trial in men with high risk and metastatic prostate cancer and three presentations from an investigator-sponsored study conducted under the company's PyL Research Access Program that evaluated PyL in men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. Collectively, the data presented highlights the potential of PyL to detect locally advanced prostate cancer, biochemically recurrent prostate cancer, and metastatic disease. ANI Pharma (ANIP) announced the launch of Ranitidine Capsules, 150mg and 300mg. The current annual US market for this product is approx. $40 mln, according to Iqvia/IMS Health.Tricida (TCDA) announced that The Lancet published online detailed results from its long-term, Phase 3, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial, TRCA-301E, in 196 patients with chronic kidney disease and metabolic acidosis.TILT Biotherapeutics, a company working in the area of enabling tumor T-cell therapies and checkpoint inhibiting antibodies with oncolytic viruses, has entered into an agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt (MKKGY) and Pfizer (PFE) to evaluate its armed oncolytic virus, TILT-123, with avelumab in patients with solid tumors refractory to routine modalities.Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) announced a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Vaccine Research Center (VRC) enabling the VRC's use of Halozyme's ENHANZE drug delivery technology to develop subcutaneous formulations of broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) against HIV for HIV treatment. The two bnAbs selected for the CRADA are VRC07-523LS and N6LS.Bausch Health (BHC) put in notice to pay down an additional $100 mln of its senior secured term loans this week, using cash generated from operations. After this payment, the company will have eliminated all mandatory amortization for the first quarter of 2020.Dova Pharmaceuticals (DOVA) today announced that the European Commission has granted marketing authorization for DOPTELET (avatrombopag) for the treatment of severe thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo an invasive procedure.09:10WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +1.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -3.50.Much like yesterday, today's opening indication is looking flattish as investors appear content remaining in a wait-and-see mode for G-20. The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, above fair value.Allergan (AGN 169.75, +40.18, +31.0%) and AbbVie (ABBV 70.80, -7.65, -9.7%), meanwhile, have made some noise in a mega-merger deal worth about $63 billion. AbbVie will acquire Allergan for $188.24 per share in cash and stock, or a 45% premium to Allergan's closing price on Monday, but that premium is shrinking in pre-market action as shares of AbbVie trade lower by 9.7%.In housing data, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).09:00ECONX April S&P Case Shiller Home Price Index Yr/Yr +2.5% vs +2.5% Briefing.com consensus08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -0.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -7.40.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%Major European indices trade mostly in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%08:47TRWH Twin River Worldwide commences a modified Dutch auction to purchase shares of its common stock for cash at a price per share of not less than $29.50 nor greater than $33.00 in increments of $0.25 (29.17 )08:42WIRES On The WiresADTRAN (ADTN) has joined the prpl Foundation-an open-source, community-driven, collaborative non-profit foundation that strives to enable the security and interoperability of embedded devices. ADTRAN Subscriber Solutions & Experience CTO, David La Cagnina, will now serve on the prpl Foundation Board of Directors. La Cagnina has been active in prpl through SmartRG, which ADTRAN acquired late last year. ADTRAN increased support for the foundation to further demonstrate commitment to driving the industry toward open, programmable, software-defined access infrastructures.nLIGHT (LASR) announced the introduction of the Corona CFX-8000, the latest high-power fiber laser in the Corona product family. Corona fiber lasers incorporate programmable beam characteristics to bring together the speed and cost advantages of traditional fiber lasers with the superior thick metal cutting of CO2 lasers.Vonage (VG) expanded the reach of its channel partner program with the addition of P2 Communications Management, LLC, a national IT advisory and management firm. With Vonage's fully integrated communications offering, P2 Communications Management can offer its customers a unique combination of applications and programmable communications via APIs to help enhance both employee and customer experiences.Medidata (MDSO) announced that global pharmaceutical company Orion will consolidate all clinical trials on the Medidata Rave Clinical Cloud and expand its use of trial management solutions to support growth of its R&D pipeline.Iteris (ITI) was awarded a two-year contract by the Wyoming Department of Transportation, continuing its support of the state's 511 service and maintaining its position as a market leader in the nationwide traveler information system market, with a 25% share.Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII) received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for key claims covering the composition and method of manufacturing for Grandevo WDG, an MBI developed microbial-based bioinsecticide.08:37TDOC Teladoc appoints Mala Murthy as CFO; Most recently, Murthy was CFO of the Global Commercial Services Segment of American Express (62.75 )08:32MRTX Mirati Therapeutics prices 2.1 mln common stock offering at $97.00/share (100.75 )08:32ACER Acer Therapeutics receives Complete Response Letter from the FDA regarding its New Drug Application for EDSIVO for the treatment of vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (19.28 )The CRL states that it will be necessary to conduct an adequate and well-controlled trial to determine whether celiprolol reduces the risk of clinical events in patients with vEDS. Acer plans to request a meeting to discuss the FDA's response.08:27WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -1.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -8.50.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Iran is in the news again after it said a diplomatic solution with the U.S. is now closed after President Trump imposed new sanctions yesterday, according to Bloomberg. Tensions have yet to have a meaningful impact on the stock market, but tensions are having a noticeable effect on gold futures, which are up another 0.9% to $1430.30/oz.The precious metal, which tends to rise amid geopolitical uncertainty, is up 9.5% this month. Lower U.S. Treasury yields have also made gold more appealing to investors.Separately, FedEx (FDX 159.92, -0.98, -0.6%) filed a lawsuit against the Commerce Department to stop the government from requiring it to enforce the Huawei Technologies restrictions, according to The Wall Street Journal. On a related note, the economic bellwether will release its earnings report after today's close.08:12SUMRX Gapping up/down: LEN +5% and FDS +2% after earnings, AGN +32% and ABBV -8% after M&A news, PYX +15% after Imperial Capital initiates stock with $71 PT; SHOP -1.5% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:10CHTR Charter Comm to offer $750 mln of senior notes (392.44 )08:10SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:09WIRES On The WiresGarmin International, Inc., a unit of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN), announced that Fusion, a Garmin brand and worldwide leader in marine entertainment, has been selected as a supplier of choice for the Independent Boat Builders, Inc. (IBBI), the industry's largest purchasing cooperative. Beginning Model Year 2020, this agreement will give members direct access to Fusion's full line of audio entertainment products through 2024. Comprised of a 19-member network of leading boat brands, IBBI members collectively build nearly 25% of all boats sold in the U.S.Aspen RxHealth announced today that Humana Inc. (HUM) has chosen the company's app-based platform to connect pharmacists with patients to deliver clinical services, including medication therapy management. Covetrus (CVET) announced a new strategic partnership with Heart + Paw, an integrated pet care company that offers comprehensive wellness for animals, including veterinary care, boarding, daycare, grooming and community experiences to pets and their parents. Heart + Paw opened its first center in June 2019 and has significant national growth plans with an initial focus on the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) has received the first order for the new Purion XE Power Series implanter from a leading power device manufacturer. The new Purion XE product line extension will be used in high volume production of power devices supporting automotive, mobile and the IoT market spaces. The system is scheduled to ship in the third quarter. Predictive Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of Predictive Technology Group, Inc. (PRED), a leader in the use of data analytics for disease identification and subsequent clinical intervention through precision therapeutic treatments, announces that data from a study of the genes underlying endometriosis may lead to new pathophysiology insights, improved diagnostics and novel treatment approaches. The study data was discussed in an oral presentation by Kenneth Ward, M.D. at the 2019 European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology annual meeting in Vienna, Austria.08:07SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryLonger Tenors Tick HigherU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near yesterday's closing levels. Treasury futures stayed on an upward path during the overnight session, but the market found resistance near highs from Friday. The ensuing pullback ran into support near levels from yesterday, leaving Treasuries with modest gains at this juncture. Yesterday's session was quiet, but today, the market will receive some housing and consumer confidence data while the U.S. Treasury will sell $40 bln in 2-yr notes. Fed Chairman Jay Powell will speak in the early afternoon. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 96.05, seeking its first advance in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: UNCH at 1.69% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.75% 10-yr: -1 bp to 2.01% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.54%News: Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. Hong Kong's May trade deficit totaled HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). Imports decreased 4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) while exports fell 2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) The new British Prime Minister will be announced on July 23. France's June Business Survey decreased to 102 (expected 104) from 104. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. Commodities: WTI Crude: -0.4% to $57.68/bbl Gold: +1.0% to $1431.90/ozt Copper: +0.9% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.1385 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2728 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8783 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: April S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%; prior 2.7%) and April FHFA Housing Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.1%) 10:00 ET: June Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 132.0; prior 134.1) and May New Home Sales (Briefing.com consensus 683,000; prior 673,000) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 8:45 ET: New York Fed President (FOMC voter) John Williams 12:00 ET: Atlanta Fed President (non-voter) Raphael Bostic 13:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:01RFL Rafael Holdings enters into an out-licensing agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical (24.00 )Rafael will receive a one-time upfront payment of approximately $12.9 million USD and up to an additional approximately $150.3 million USD if certain development and commercial milestones are achieved. Rafael will also receive low-double digit royalties based on net sales of the Products in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries. ONO will have exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products for all indications in ONO's territory. Rafael continuously retains all exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products outside of ONO's territory.07:53WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -13.30.U.S. equity futures are slightly lower after a mixed session yesterday, as investors continue to await the G-20 summit at the end of the week. The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.In the meantime, the market will hear from several Fed officials throughout the day with Fed Chair Powell headlining the bunch. Mr. Powell will participate in an interview with The New York Times at 1:00 p.m. ET to discuss the challenges facing the economy and the policies of the Federal Reserve.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space this morning. Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93, +29.2%) confirmed it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a nearly 45% premium to Allergan's closing price from Monday.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) at 9:00 a.m. ET. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) and New Home Sales for May (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) will be released at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 2.01%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 96.05. WTI crude is down 0.3% to $57.75/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93): +29.2% after confirming it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a 43.8% premium to AGN's closing price from Monday. Lennar (LEN 53.98, +2.57): +5.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. FactSet (FDS 302.13, +8.80): +3.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -1.2%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.9%, India's Sensex +0.8%, South Korea's Kospi -0.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.2%.In economic data:Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%)South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9)Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%)New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)In news:Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases.Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies.South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.Major European indices trade in negative territory. STOXX Europe 600 -0.1%, Germany's DAX UNCH, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.1%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.5%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.6%.In economic data:U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27)France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104)Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)In news:Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years.The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament.European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.07:51OR Osisko Gold Royalties entered into a bought-deal agreement (11.45 )Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd announces that Betelgeuse LLC, a jointly owned subsidiary of certain investment funds managed by Orion Resource Partners, has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets, pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, an aggregate of 6,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per Common Share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $96,585,000.07:37AKRX Akorn received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018 --halted-- (4.73 )Douglas Boothe, Akorn's President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "Akorn is committed to resolving the warning letter in a comprehensive and effective manner. Earlier this year, Akorn launched a companywide action plan to improve the timing and effectiveness of our operations, quality systems and compliance enhancement initiatives, with an emphasis on transparency and quality. We believe the execution of this action plan, which has already begun to yield tangible results, will strengthen and further standardize our quality systems across the entire Akorn network."07:32PCRX Pacira Pharma announces that its MAA for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia was validated by the EMA (43.12 )The MAA for EXPAREL is supported by clinical evidence across several surgical indications, including patients undergoing Cesarean section and total knee arthroplasty procedures. In December 2018, the EMA issued a positive opinion for the company's Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX UNCH, FTSE -0.1%, CAC -0.1%Major European indices trade in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%---FX---EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1379 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2737 USD/CHF: +0.6% to 0.977107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -0.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.10.07:07WIRES On The WiresOn June 20, 2019, the Board of Directors of Hologic (HOLX) approved the amendment and restatement of the Company's Bylaws to implement proxy access bylaw provisions and to make other non-material changes. The proxy access bylaw provisions permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, who have held three percent or more of the Company's stock for at least three years, to nominate and include in the Company's annual proxy materials director nominees constituting the greater of twenty percent or two members of the Company's Board of Directors, provided that the shareholders and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Company's Bylaws.IHG (IHG) and Sands China (SCHYY) announced that The Venetian Macao and The Parisian Macao will become InterContinental Alliance Resorts beginning today. In addition, The Londoner Hotel in Macao will join the alliance when it opens in 2020 following the renovation of the current Holiday Inn Macao Cotai Central. IHG and The Venetian Resort Las Vegas also announced the long-term extension of their alliance. The partnership extends through to 2027 at all five properties.Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced that the first patient, who completed the Phase 2 clinical trial ANAVEX2-73-RS-001 voluntarily moved into the extension study and was dosed in the extension study for the treatment of Rett syndrome.Bausch Health Companies Inc. (BHC) and its dermatology business, Ortho Dermatologics, announced that DUOBRII (halobetasol propionate and tazarotene) Lotion, 0.01%/0.045%, will be available commercially to health care professionals starting this week. Linde (LIN) announced today it has signed a long-term agreement with ExxonMobil (XOM) Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. to support the latest multi-billion dollar expansion of the company's integrated manufacturing complex in Singapore. This will be the single largest sale of gas contract in the history of the newly merged Linde and of its legacy companies.07:05FDS FactSet beats by $0.25, beats on revs; raises FY19 EPS guidance; narrows FY19 revenue guidance (293.33 )Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $2.62 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.25 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.37; revenues rose 7.2% year/year to $364.5 mln vs the $359.25 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.ASV plus professional services was $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019. Organic ASV plus professional services was also $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019, up $76.5 mln from the prior year at a growth rate of 5.6%. Organic ASV, which excludes the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, plus professional services, increased $4.5 mln over the last three months.Co issues raised guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $9.80-9.90 from $9.50-9.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $9.61 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $1.42-1.44 bln from $1.41-1.45 bln vs. $1.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:03ARVN Arvinas: FDA has cleared the company's IND for ARV-471 for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ER positive / HER2 negative breast cancer (21.87 )Arvinas expects to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for ARV-471 in the third quarter of 2019. In preclinical studies, ARV-471 demonstrated near-complete ER degradation in tumor cells, induced robust tumor shrinkage when dosed as a single agent in multiple ER-driven xenograft models, and showed superior anti-tumor activity as a single agent and in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor when compared to a standard of care agent, fulvestrant, dosed as single agent or in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Arvinas believes the differentiated pharmacology of ARV-471, including its iterative degradation activity, has the potential to translate into meaningful clinical benefit for patients.07:02NTEC Intec Pharma announces publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients (4.16 )The article reviews pharmacokinetic and efficacy data from the Company's phase 2, multicenter, open-label, two-way randomized crossover study that evaluated multiple dose strengths of the AP-CD/LD (50/250 mg, 50/375 mg or 50/500 mg) twice daily in one treatment period and an active comparator in the other treatment period. The article presents results from cohorts 1-4 out of the 6 cohorts of PD patients who participated in the study. Pharmacokinetics (PK) and efficacy were evaluated for AP-CD/LD compared with immediate release Carbidopa/Levodopa (IR-CD/LD). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and patient- and investigator-reported measures were also evaluated. The PK results showed that compared with IR-CD/LD, treatment with either AP-CD/LD dose demonstrated more stable LD plasma concentrations in both fluctuating and non-fluctuating PD patients, and significantly decreased the LD Cmax (57.1% and 66.8% decreases among fluctuating and non-fluctuating patients, respectively).07:01ARQL ArQule prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share (10.01 )07:01RMBS Rambus sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V); terms not disclosed (11.55 )The combination of Visa's network tokenization capabilities with the local and account tokenization technology of Rambus will facilitate safer, more secure payments across all forms of global commerce.07:00ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints (7.09 )Statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints, due to high rates of disease resolution in vehicle-treated patients, but activity of reproxalap was consistently greater than that of vehicle. Noninfectious anterior uveitis program to be discontinued. The co plans to prioritize Phase 3 ocular pipeline programs in dry eye disease, allergic conjunctivitis, and proliferative vitreoretinopathy.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -1.2%, Shanghai -0.9%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: UNCH at 6.8792 USD/INR: +0.2% to 69.3606:56S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -16.00.06:56European MarketsFTSE...7399.75...-16.90...-0.20%. DAX...12268.81...-5.80...-0.10%.06:56Asian MarketsNikkei...21194...-92.20...-0.40%. Hang Seng...28186...-327.00...-1.20%.06:55FXI Shanghai... -0.87%06:50MOR MorphoSys names Jean-Paul Kress, M.D. CEO effective September 1 (26.18 )In his new position, Dr. Kress will succeed Dr. Simon Moroney, who had announced his decision not to renew his contract as a member of MorphoSys's Management Board in February 2019 and who will step down as CEO on September 1, 2019. Prior to joining MorphoSys, Dr. Kress served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Syntimmune, now a subsidiary of Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN).06:44AGN Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock (129.57 )Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, Allergan Shareholders will receive 0.8660 AbbVie Shares and $120.30 in cash for each Allergan Share that they hold, for a total consideration of $188.24 per Allergan Share. The transaction represents a 45% premium to the closing price of Allergan's Shares on June 24, 2019.AbbVie anticipates that the Acquisition will provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 billion in year three while leaving investments in key growth franchises untouched. The synergies and other cost reductions will be a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, and reducing overlapping R&D resources (~50%), driving efficiencies in SG&A, including sales and marketing and central support function costs (~40%), and eliminating redundancies in manufacturing and supply chain, and leveraging procurement spend (~10%). The synergies estimate excludes any potential revenue synergies.AbbVie is expected to generate significant annual operating cash flow, which will support a debt reduction target of $15 to $18 billion before the end of 2021, while also enabling a continued commitment to Baa2/BBB or better credit rating and continued dividend growth.This transaction is expected to be 10% accretive to adjusted earnings per share over the first full year following the close of the transaction, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. ROIC is expected to exceed AbbVie's cost of capital within the first full year.The companies anticipate closing of the transaction by early 202006:41SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:AGN +35.1%, ALDX +14.9%, XNCR +8%, RMTI +4.7%, LEN +4.1%, NBRV +2.4%, GNFT +2.3%, CBAY +2.2%, ARQL +1.4%Gapping down:ABBV -5%, BYND -3.9%, AAXN -1.2%, MRTX -1.2%, MKTX -1.1%, EQT -1.1%, KRYS -0.5%06:07WIRES On The WiresU.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) announced that it has entered into an agreement with AmeriMex Motor & Controls, LLC., a subsidiary of Industrial Service Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, AmeriMex will provide electric motors exclusively to USWS as it relates to electric hydraulic fracturing.Ctrip (CTRP) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways at the Ctrip Headquarter in Shanghai. This MOU will enable Ctrip to work closely with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways on business development and joint promotional activities. This will help to accelerate Fiji's existing marketing activities in China.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Carna Biosciences Inc. announced that the companies have entered into a research and development collaboration to develop and commercialize small molecule compounds in immuno-oncology and to access Carna's proprietary lipid kinase drug discovery platform. Under the terms of the license agreement, Gilead will license from Carna worldwide rights to develop and commercialize inhibitors against an undisclosed immuno-oncology target. In connection with this agreement, Carna will receive an upfront payment of $20 million and is eligible to receive up to an additional $450 million in potential milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestones. Carna will also receive royalties on future net sales.Norbord Inc. (OSB) reported that its OSB mill in High Level, Alberta was cleared to restart, and safely resumed normal operations over the weekend. The MacKenzie County mandatory evacuation order and town of High Level evacuation alert were both lifted this afternoon and MacKenzie County remains under an evacuation alert. The curtailment is not expected to materially impact Norbord's second quarter results.ERYTECH Pharma (ERYP) announced that it has entered into an agreement with SQZ Biotechnologies, a cell therapy company developing novel treatments in multiple therapeutic areas, to advance novel RBC-based therapeutics for immune modulation. ERYTECH is eligible to receive up to $57 million in combined upfront and potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for the first product successfully developed by SQZ under this agreement. ERYTECH will also be eligible to receive sales royalties, and up to a total of $50 million in commercial milestone payments related to each additional approved product or approved indication.06:05LEN Lennar beats by $0.16, beats on revs (51.41 )Reports Q2 (May) earnings of $1.30 per share, $0.16 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.14; revenues rose 1.9% year/year to $5.56 bln vs the $5.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:03KRYS Krystal Biotech prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share (41.20 )06:01EQT EQT Corp.: Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT (15.38 )06:01WIRES On The WiresTaiwan Liposome Company, Ltd. (TLC) announced the signing of a development and license agreement with Birdie Biopharmaceuticals Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals Corp. Birdie and Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals are clinical stage biotech companies focused on the development of immunotherapy to treat cancer.Tilray Inc. (TLRY) announced it has imported medical cannabis oral solutions in bulk into the United Kingdom from its Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)-certified facility in Canada. This export allows Tilray to provide authorized U.K. patients in need with a locally maintained supply of medical cannabis oral solutions.Almirall, S.A. and Dermira, Inc. (DERM) announced that Almirall has exercised its option to license rights to develop and commercialize lebrikizumab for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and certain other indications in Europe. Almirall and Dermira previously entered into an option and license agreement in February 2019 pursuant to which Almirall was granted this exclusive option in exchange for an upfront option fee of $30 million. As a result of Almirall's decision to exercise its option, the company will pay Dermira $50 million, and Dermira will be eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, including $30 million in connection with the initiation of certain Phase 3 clinical studies.Amazon (AMZN) announced that this July, Amazon will provide Prime members worldwide the chance to get epic deals during its longest Prime Day ever. Prime Day starts at midnight PT on Monday, July 15 and -- for the first time ever -- runs for 48 hours, offering members two full days with more than one million deals around the world.Amcor plc (AMCR) announces it has entered into a binding agreement with Kohlberg & Company, for the sale of three former Bemis plants located in the United Kingdom and Ireland for cash consideration of USD 394 million (347 million). Collectively these three plants generate annual sales of approximately USD 170 million from the sale of flexible packaging for certain healthcare products. This divestment was required by the European Commission at the time of approving Amcor's acquisition of Bemis on 11 February 2019.06:00CS Credit Suisse announces the combination of its third party investment fund platform Credit Suisse InvestLab with Allfunds (11.66 )The agreement will create a global fund distribution platform with combined assets under administration of more than CHF 570 bln and distinct distribution competences. The combined business leverages the global wealth management footprint of Credit Suisse and the technological innovation of Allfunds, further enhancing the service offering to asset managers and distributors worldwide.The transaction comprises the transfer of all shares in Credit Suisse InvestLab, including the service agreements, and the related distribution agreements of Credit Suisse to Allfunds Group. As part of this combination, Credit Suisse will become a minority shareholder of up to 18% in the combined business and will be represented at the Board. Going forward, Credit Suisse will utilize the combined business platform to distribute mutual funds and ETFs.Upon the projected closing in Q3 2019, the transaction will have a limited regulatory capital benefit and is expected to result in a 0.5% RoTE uplift for the financial year 2019 for this transaction alone, all other things being equal.06:00BMWYY BMW Group steps up the pace of e-mobility expansion (24.12 )Co says sales of electrified vehicles to climb more than 30% per year up to 2025.Co is adjusting frequency to up the tempo of its electromobility expansion program. The company will now achieve the total of 25 electrified models previously announced for 2025 two years earlier, in 2023. Thanks to flexible vehicle architectures for fully-electric, plug-in hybrid and combustion engine drive trains, the company is able to respond quickly to changing conditions. More than half of the 25 models will be fully electric.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back in early tradeThe global equity markets are off to a slightly weaker start to begin the day. The markets appear to be trading with some caution and profit taking heading into the long awaited G-20 conference later this week. S&P Futures continue to be range bound. The index is trading around 2949, with the overnight high pegged at 2958.25, while the session low sits at 2942.25.In Asia, both China and Japan finished lower. The Shanghai gave up 0.9% that seemed more like profit taking after last week's run higher. There were also reports that President Trump talked down expectations for the G-20 summit. Japanese shares lost ground following media reports that President Trump is mulling a revamp of the long standing peace treaty with Japan, suggesting the state pick up more slack for its defense. Automotive and Export stocks saw weakness with names such as Toyota and Sony both losing 1% on the day. European bourses are doing very little this morning, under very slight pressure in correspondence with the US and Asia.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -1.010 yr Note: 2.02%USD/JPY: 107.09 -0.21EUR/USD: 1.1383 -0.0016Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX -0.1% CAC -0.1%Asia: Hang Seng -1.2% Shanghai -0.9% Nikkei -0.4%Gold (1432.90 +14.70) Silver (15.45 +0.07) Crude (57.91 +0.01)17:44FBK FB Financial to sell its Correspondent Lending channel to Rushmore Loan Management Services; expects the transaction to close early Q3 (35.08 -0.07)In addition to the $1.1 million restructuring expense reported for the first quarter of 2019, FB Financial expects to record additional restructuring charges of up to $1.5 million to cover transaction related expenses, severance and other items related to its mortgage operations. Excluding the impact of the mortgage restructuring charges noted above, FB Financial expects an increase in the operating results from its total mortgage operations in the second quarter of 2019 as compared to the first quarter of 2019. During the quarter the mortgage operations have experienced both strong origination volumes and elevated prepayments in the mortgage servicing rights portfolio.17:38FLR Fluor's Stork with its consortium partners was awarded a 4-year framework agreement for plant turnaround services by Ecopetrol (EC) (31.11 -0.95)The Colombia-based consortium includes Stork as the international lead partner, Rampint as the local partner in Barrancabermeja and Servimant as the local partner in Cartagena. The agreement also includes two extension options for an additional two years each. Both refineries supply fuel to meet Colombia's national and export product needs. Fluor booked the undisclosed contract value in the second quarter of 2019.17:30MDCO The Medicines Co also launched public offering of $150.0 mln of shares of common stock (35.36 -1.04)17:25MDCO The Medicines Co files mixed securities shelf offering (35.36 -1.04)16:54ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics will hold call on June 25 at 8 a.m. Eastern Time to provide top-line results from the SOLACE trial of topical ocular reproxalap in patients with noninfectious anterior uveitis (7.09 -0.34)16:49KRYS Krystal Biotech announces it has commenced $100 mln public offering of common stock; all shares will be sold by the company (41.20 +12.05)16:38ARQL ArQule also commences underwritten public offering of common stock (10.01 -0.48)There can be no assurances as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. Co intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to fund its core clinical programs and for general corporate purposes.16:35EHC Encompass Health makes minority equity investment in MedalogixMedalogix provides predictive analytics and data science for home health and hospice. Medalogix is assisting Encompass Health in preparing for the impending changes to the Patient-Driven Groupings Model, a new home health payment model for Medicare patients expected to take effect January 1, 2020.16:34ARQL ArQule files mixed securities shelf offering (10.01 -0.48)16:33CHS Chico's FAS issues open letter to shareholders announcing additional actions supporting corporate governance (3.32 -0.06)Board of Directors unanimously approves an amendment to company bylaws to opt out of Florida's control share acquisition statute bylaw amendment. This provides voting rights for all Chico's FAS shareholders and eliminates the need for a special meeting as recently requested by Sycamore Partners."To be clear, this bylaw amendment relates solely to voting rights; it does not speak to the merits of, or otherwise advance, Sycamore's unsolicited acquisition proposal, nor does it speak to whether the Company should engage with Sycamore on its proposal. As previously announced, Sycamore's June 19, 2019 proposal is being reviewed by the Board. On this point, we appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders for the Board's decision to reject Sycamore's May 10 acquisition proposal and the confidence expressed in our ability to improve the Company's growth and value creation. We also appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders over the past weeks for our new operating priorities and the improvements underway in these areas."16:32IBP Installed Building Products announces acquisition of Expert Insulation and Expert Insulation of Brainerd; terms not disclosed (54.29 +0.24)Founded in 1998, Expert Insulation serves the Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota markets through branch locations in Rochester and Brainerd, Minnesota. The company provides fiberglass and spray foam insulation installation services, as well as waterproofing services for commercial, residential, and multi-family customers. The acquisition adds approx. $12.0 mln of annual revenue. The company has also this quarter acquired an insulation installer in Pennsylvania with approx. $3.6 mln in annual revenues.16:28FRTA Forterra appoints Karl H. Watson, Jr. as CEO; reaffirms FY19 outlook (4.56 -0.04)Mr. Watson, who most recently served as EVP and COO at Summit Materials (SUM), succeeds Jeff Bradley, who has stepped down as CEO and a director to pursue other opportunities. The company continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance, most recently addressed in the company's earnings release for the first quarter of 2019. As stated on May 6, 2019, Forterra anticipates further strengthening in public infrastructure spending, continued positive pricing trends, and stabilizing input costs. The company remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow.16:21WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.2% on Monday, finishing near session lows in a day that showed little conviction from investors. With big gains already registered in June and the G-20 summit set to begin at the end of the week, the broader market appeared content trading little changed for most of the session.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.03%) finished fractionally higher, while the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.3%. The Russell 2000 underperformed with a loss of 1.3%.President Trump and President Xi are expected to partake in an extended meeting at G-20, which many see as a potential market-moving event. Although many analysts aren't expecting a swift resolution to the trade dispute this weekend, there is still optimism that progress can be made.It was a mixed session with six S&P 500 sectors finishing lower and five finishing higher. The energy sector (-0.9%) gave back some of its gains from last week, while the consumer discretionary sector (-0.5%) was dragged lower by many stocks within the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT 41.67, -0.65, -1.5%). The materials (+0.5%), consumer staples (+0.3%), and information technology (+0.2%) sectors provided offsetting support.The health care sector (-0.5%) was pressured by the insurance and hospital stocks after President Trump signed an executive order to make health care costs more transparent to patients. Shares of Bristol-Myers (BMY 45.68, -3.66, -7.4%) also underperformed amid a host of negative news, one of which included an announcement that its acquisition of Celgene (CELG 93.47, -5.44, -5.5%) will be pushed back to the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020.On a related note, President Trump signed a separate executive order, hitting Iran with new sanctions after it shot down a U.S. military drone last week. Market reaction was muted, as President Trump already indicated last week that more sanctions were coming.In M&A news, Caesars Entertainment (CZR 11.44, +1.45, +14.5%) confirmed it will be acquired by Eldorado Resorts (ERI 45.77, -5.45, -10.6%) for $12.75/share in cash and stock, or approximately $8.6 billion.U.S. Treasuries finished on a higher note, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined five basis points to 2.02%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 96.00 for its fourth consecutive decline. WTI crude increased 0.8% to $57.82/bbl.Investors did not receive any economic data on Monday. On Tuesday, investors will receive New Home Sales for May, the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April.Nasdaq Composite +20.7% YTDS&P 500 +17.5% YTDRussell 2000 +13.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +14.6% YTD16:20GNFT Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China (shares halted) (20.22 +0.02)Terns will have the rights to develop and commercialize elafibranor, GENFIT's proprietary compound, in Greater China, for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Under the terms of the licensing agreement, GENFIT will receive an upfront payment from Terns of $35 mln and will be eligible to receive up to $193 mln in potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments. Terns obtains the exclusive rights to develop, register, and market elafibranor in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan for both NASH and PBC. Upon commercial launch of elafibranor for the treatment of NASH in Greater China, GENFIT will be entitled to receive mid-teen percentage royalties from Terns based on sales in the territory. The two companies will also collaborate on research and development moving forward in NASH and PBC.16:17IART Integra promotes Glenn Coleman to COO and appoints Carrie Anderson as CFO, effective June 24 (53.24 -0.05)Mr. Coleman most recently served as CFO and corporate vice president, responsible for Integra's international business. The role of COO is a newly-created position at the company. Ms. Anderson most recently served as chief accounting officer and corporate controller at Dover Corporation (DOV).16:17EZPW EZCORP acquires seven pawn stores in Nevada operating under "Metro Pawn" banner (9.41 +0.30)Co announces that it has completed the acquisition of seven pawn stores in Nevada, bringing the company's total store count in the state to 24. The acquired stores, operating under the name "Metro Pawn," include five stores in the Reno area, representing the company's entry into the Las Vegas area, giving the company a total of 19 stores in that market.The acquisition was completed earlier today, and the purchase price was paid in cash.16:13STRO Sutro Biopharma appoints retired Biogen Idec (BIIB) EVP Connie Matsui as Chairman (11.68 -0.19)16:11GNFT Genfit trading halted, news pending (20.22 +0.02)16:11EVFM Evofem Biosciences files for 13,888,891 share common stock offering by holders including 2,777,779 shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants (6.67 -0.26)16:04NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin (2.10 -0.11)The EMA has determined that the company's MAA for intravenous and oral formulations of lefamulin, a potentially first-in-class, semi-synthetic pleuromutilin antibiotic for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia in adults 18 years of age and older, is valid. Validation of the MAA confirms that the submission is sufficiently complete to begin the formal review process. An opinion of the EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use is anticipated in the next 12 to 15 months.16:04GLDD Great Lakes Dredge & Dock announces receipt of dredging awards totaling $91 mln (10.51 -0.38)The scope of work for the coastal protection projects includes nourishment of beachfronts with sand excavated from off-shore borrow which is then used to rebuild dunes and restore the shorelines eroded by winter storms.The projects will be executed in the second half of 2019 and into 2020 and will be performed by hopper dredges with a minimal disruption to the local communities with a view to increasing the resilience of our coastal environments to challenges from rising sea levels.16:01MRTX Mirati Therapeutics commenced underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock (100.75 -0.69)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: June 26, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 21:00 ETBriefing.comJune 25, 2019 Tuesday 9:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 19150 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 25-Jun-19 21:00 ET18:00QD Qudian proposes to offer up to US$250 mln of convertible senior notes due 2026 (8.46 -0.26)The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes Offering to pay the cost of certain capped call transactions.17:36TGT Target announces two-day Target Deal Day event (July 15-16) featuring same-day delivery and pickup options (85.70 -1.02)"Last year's Target.com One-Day Sale was one of our biggest days of the year for online sales... This year, we're giving guests more discounts across even more of our assortment with two days to save on hundreds of thousands of items and offering the best options in retail for delivery and pick up on their terms, including same-day."17:31FTI TechnipFMC reaches global resolution of U.S. and Brazilian legacy investigations; agreed to pay a total of $301.3 mln to authorities (24.96 +0.22)As part of this resolution, TechnipFMC entered into a three-year Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the DOJ related to charges of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) related to conduct in Brazil and with Unaoil. In addition, Technip USA, Inc., a U.S. subsidiary, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA related to conduct in Brazil. The Company will also provide the DOJ reports on its anti-corruption program during the term of the DPA. As previously disclosed, TechnipFMC has also been cooperating with an investigation by the French Parquet National Financier (PNF) related to historical projects in Equatorial Guinea and Ghana. To date, this investigation has not reached resolution. TechnipFMC remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF and will maintain a $70 million provision related to this investigation.17:08NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics entered into $50 mln "Open Market Sale Agreement" with Jefferies (2.11 +0.01)16:58MU Micron on Conference Call- Sees revenue in the range of $4.3-4.7 bln, S&P Capital IQ consensus $4.558 bln; Sees EPS in the range of $0.38-0.52, Cap IQ consensus $0.7016:42BBVA Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria files mixed securities shelf offering (5.52 -0.05)16:31GBCI Glacier Bancorp increases quarterly dividend to $0.27/share from $0.26/share (39.22 -0.09)16:29INXN InterXion announces public offering of 4 mln common shares (75.11 -0.40)16:26CRCM Care.com CFO Michael Echenberg tenders his resignation, effective on August 30, 2019 (14.09 +0.18)The company expects that Michael Goss, the company's Vice President of Finance, will be appointed acting Chief Financial Officer of the company upon the effectiveness of Mr. Echenberg's resignation. Mr. Echenberg will assist in the transition of the Chief Financial Officer role until his departure from the company.16:25CRTO Criteo COO Mollie Spilman resigns effective July 5 to pursue a new career opportunity (17.96 -0.11)Ms. Spilman has decided to leave the company to pursue a new career opportunity. She will continue with the company through the end of 2Q19 and depart on July 5, 2019. With Ms. Spilman's departure, CEO JB Rudelle will directly manage the sales and operations teams to ensure faster execution of Criteo's transformation plan.16:22LILA Liberty Latin America proposes offering of $350 mln aggregate principle amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in private placement (18.08 -0.51)Liberty Latin America expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund the cost of certain capped call transactions and to use the remaining funds for other general corporate purposes.16:20BIG Big Lots appoints Jonathan Ramsden as EVP-Chief Financial and Administrative Officer effective August 5; reaffirms Q2 / FY EPS and sales guidance (27.78 +0.31)Mr. Ramsden will succeed Timothy A. Johnson, who will transition away from his roles effective August 5, 2019, to pursue other opportunities in the for-profit and not-for-profit arenas. Mr. Johnson has agreed to continue in an advisory role through Labor Day to provide the opportunity for a smooth transition for the business. Mr. Ramsden spent over seven years with Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF), joining as Chief Financial Officer in 2008 and later serving as the company's Chief Operating Officer. In connection with today's announcement, Big Lots reaffirmed its financial forecast for the second quarter and full year of fiscal 2019, as previously disclosed on May 31, 2019. Prior Guidance: Q2 EPS of $0.35-0.45 vs. $0.42 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and FY20 EPS of $3.70-3.85 vs. $3.78 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:20HFFG HF Foods enters into merger agreement with B&R Global Holdings, a food wholesaler and distributor for Asian restaurants (25.27 +1.25)Co and B&R Global Holdings announce that they have entered into a merger agreement pursuant to which they will combine their operations. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, at the closing of the merger, B&R Global Holdings will merge into HFFF's wholly owned subsidiary, resulting in B&R Global Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HF Foods.HFFG will issue approximately 30.7 mln of its shares of common stock to the former shareholders of B&R Global Holdings as consideration for the transaction.The combined business will serve in excess of 10,000 restaurants in 21 states and had revenues in excess of $800 mln in 2018.16:20WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 lost 1.0% on Tuesday, as subdued expectations for next month's Fed rate decision and the upcoming G-20 summit contributed to a risk-off mindset. Shares of technology companies, particularly the mega-cap stocks, underperformed the broader market.The Nasdaq Composite lost 1.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.7%, and the Russell 2000 lost 0.6%.St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter), who was the lone dissident in this month's FOMC meeting, said he didn't think it was necessary to cut the fed funds rate by 50 basis points. Instead, he favored a 25 basis points reduction, viewing it as an "insurance" cut.This stance from one of the Fed's most vocal doves, in addition to comments from Fed Chair Powell, tempered the market's hopes for a 50 basis points cut next month. Fed Chair Powell reminded the market that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swings in sentiment.Expectations for the upcoming G-20 summit were also lowered after a White House official told Reuters that the U.S. will not accept any new tariff conditions and that the U.S. is not willing to concede to the Chinese on trade. The goal is to simply reopen talks, which was not the constructive tone the market was anticipating.These subdued expectations, along with some disappointing economic data, contributed to some broad-based profit taking in equities. Ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower, led by the mega-cap stocks within the information technology (-1.8%), communication services (-1.6%), and consumer discretionary (-1.1%) sectors. The materials sector was unchanged.Regarding economic data, new home sales for May and consumer sentiment for June both declined below expectations. On a related note, home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.22, -3.19, -6.2%) provided investors with downside Q3 guidance.In M&A news, the health care sector (-0.4%) was home to a mega-merger deal on Tuesday. AbbVie (ABBV 65.70, -12.75, -16.3%) announced it will acquire Allergan (AGN 162.43, +32.86, +25.4%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie losing over 16%, the premium was reduced to 37% over AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries finished on a mostly higher note. The 2-yr yield was unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.99%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 96.16. WTI crude was unchanged at $57.81/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).Looking ahead, investors will receive the following reports on Wednesday: Durable Goods Orders for May, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and the Advance reports for International Trade in Goods, Retail Inventories, and Wholesales Inventories for May.Nasdaq Composite +18.8% YTDS&P 500 +16.4% YTDRussell 2000 +12.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.8% YTD16:19FDX FedEx beats by $0.18, reports revs in-line, guides FY20 EPS below consensus (156.01 -4.90)Reports Q4 (May) earnings of $5.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.18 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $4.83; revenues rose 2.8% year/year to $17.81 bln vs the $17.85 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q4 was hurt by lower FedEx International Priority package and freight revenues at FedEx Express, higher costs at FedEx Ground and business realignment costs primarily associated with the U.S.-based voluntary employee buyout program. Partially offsetting these factors were the benefits from US volume growth, increased revenue per shipment at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground, lower variable incentive compensation expenses and a favorable net impact of fuel at all transportation segments.Outlook: Co guides to FY20 non-GAAP EPS being a mid-single-digit percentage point decline (prior to the year-end MTM retirement plan accounting adjustment and excluding estimated TNT Express integration expenses). Current consensus is at $16.16, and FY19 actual was $15.52. So consensus is estimating 4% EPS growth, so the guidance of a mid-single-digit decline is a good bit below consensus estimates.16:19JAZZ Jazz Pharma will host webcast on July 2 at 4:30 p.m. EDT to provide investors with an update on Sunosi (136.50 +5.19)Sunosi (solriamfetol) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on March 20, 2019 to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Sunosi is the first dual-acting dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved to treat excessive daytime sleepiness in adults living with narcolepsy or OSA. Beginning early July, Sunosi will be commercially available in the U.S. following the recent scheduling decision by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency.16:19GBT Global Blood Therapeutics announces public offering of approx. $200.0 mln of shares of its common stock (62.43 -0.86)GBT intends to use proceeds to fund its clinical development of voxelotor for the treatment of sickle cell disease. GBT may also use a portion of the net proceeds to in-license, acquire or invest in new business, technology or assets, although it has no material agreements, commitments, or understandings in place.16:18PGRE Paramount Group enters into agreement to acquire 55 Second Street ni San Francisco for $408 mln (14.23 -0.15)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 55 Second Street, a 387,000 square foot office building located in San Francisco's South Financial District, for approximately $408 mln or $1,054 per square foot.The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, is expected to close in 3Q19. In connection with the transaction, the company expects to bring in a joint venture partner prior to closing.The property is currently 87.4% leased primarily to accounting, legal and technology tenants.16:17CFMS ConforMIS has secured up to $30 mln in debt financing from Innovatus Capital Partners and East West Bank and $3 mln in equity financing from Innovatus (3.84 -0.03)In addition, Innovatus purchased $3 million of the Company's common stock from the Company at the previous day's closing price.16:16APLE Apple Hospitality REIT appoints Rachael Rothman to position of Executive Vice President and CFO, effective July 1, 2019 (15.70 -0.02)Ms. Rothman will succeed Bryan Peery as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As previously announced, Mr. Peery plans to retire from the company in 1Q20. Mr. Peery will continue as Executive Vice President and, effective July 1, 2019, will become Chief Accounting Officer for the company.16:16COWN Cowen Group names CEO Jeffrey Solomon as Chairman (16.63 +0.35)Outgoing Chairman Jerome S. Markowitz is now serving as Lead Independent Director.16:14MU Micron --CORRECTION-- MU beat by 26 cents; we previously reported the GAAP number which was a 5 cent miss; guidance will be released shortly with a conference call starting at 4:30pm ET; we have corrected the original comment16:14INXN InterXion files for ordinary share shelf offering (75.10 -0.44)16:13AVAV AeroVironment beats by $0.02, beats on revs; guides FY20 EPS in-line, revs in-line (61.31 -0.61)Reports Q4 (Apr) earnings of $0.26 per share, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.24; revenues fell 25.1% year/year to $87.9 mln vs the $82.57 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross margin decreased to 42% from 45%. The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to the decrease in sales volume and an increase in the proportion of service revenue to total revenue.As of April 30, 2019, funded backlog was $164.3 mln compared to $164.4 mln as of April 30, 2018.Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $1.47-$1.67 vs. $1.64 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $350-$370 mln vs. $360.50 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:06PDLI PDL BioPharma announces resignation of CFO, effective August 15, 2019 (3.08 +0.09)Co announces the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Peter Garcia, who will be leaving the company effective August 15, 2019. He will continue in his role through the filing of the company's second quarter 10-Q in August and is committed to ensure a smooth transition of duties.16:06PRTK Paratek Pharma promotes Evan Loh, M.D. to CEO, effective June 25 (3.76 -0.02)Dr. Loh has nearly 20 years of experience as a senior executive in the pharmaceutical industry, most recently serving as Paratek's Chief Operating Officer since January 2017 and as President and Chief Medical Officer and member of the Board of Directors since June 2014. Michael Bigham, who has served as Paratek's Chairman and CEO since 2014, will remain active with the company in the newly created role of Executive Chairman.16:05MU Micron beats by $0.26, beats on revs; Seeing early signs of demand improvement but will reduce 2020 CapEx spend (32.68 -0.51)Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $1.05 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.26 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues fell 38.6% year/year to $4.79 bln vs the $4.7 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Micron's improved competitive position and strong execution helped us deliver solid results despite a challenging environment," said Micron Technology President and CEO Sanjay Mehrotra. "While we are seeing early signs of demand improvement, we plan to reduce our capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 to help improve industry supply-demand balance."16:03SSTK Shutterstock announces that Co-Chief Operating Officer and CFO will depart; co's Chief Accounting Officer appointed to fill role of Interim CFO (39.62 -0.89)Co-Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Steven Berns will depart from his roles at SSTK to pursue other opportunities, effective immediately. Mr. Berns' departure is not due to a dispute or any matter relating to the company's accounting and financial policies and operations. The company's Chief Accounting Officer, Steve Ciardiello has been appointed to the role of interim Chief Financial Officer until a successor has been named. Mr. Ciardiello will also continue in his existing role as Chief Accounting Officer. SSTK also announces that Stan Pavlovsky, who had been serving as Co-Chief Operating Officer and Head of Strategic Operations, has been named President and Chief Operating Officer.16:01ODT Odonate Therapeutics commences underwritten public offering of $100 mln common stock (28.12 +0.04)15:49SCS Steelcase discloses entry into stock repurchase agreement with an independent third party broker under which the broker is authorized to repurchase up to 1.5 mln shares of common stock on behalf of the Company between June 26-December 26 (16.03 +0.46)The shares will be purchased pursuant to the Company's previously announced share repurchase program.15:44SUMRX Closing Commodities: Oil and gold settle the day flat: API oil data out after the closeMetals Settlement Prices:Aug gold settled today's session $0.30 higher at $1418.45/ozJuly silver settled today's session $0.08 lower (-0.5%) at $15.29/ozSept copper settled $0.02 higher (+0.7%) at $2.73/lbAgriculture Settlement Prices:July corn settled unch at $4.52/bushelJuly wheat settled $0.03 lower (-0.6%) at $5.40/bushelJuly soybeans settled $0.06 lower (-0.7%) at $9.08/bushelEnergy Settlement Prices:July Crude Oil futures fell $0.01 to $57.81/barrelJuly Natural Gas settles unch at $2.28/MMBtuJuly RBOB Gasoline settled $0.02 higher (+1.1%) at $1.83/gallonJuly Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (+0.5%) at $1.93/gallon15:37SAFM Sanderson Farms issues statement, says has not been subpoenaed in connection with Department of Justice investigation (131.62 -2.38)"The United States Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday, June 21, 2019, in In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation stating that it is conducting a criminal investigation regarding the broiler industry. The Company has not been subpoenaed in connection with the Department of Justice investigation. The Company continues to believe the civil plaintiffs' claims as to Sanderson Farms are wholly without merit, and we are committed to defending the case vigorously."15:27SUMRX Earnings Confirmed for this afternoon and tomorrow morningEarnings out this afternoon: AVAV FDX MU SNXEarnings out tomorrow morning: ATU BB GIS INFO PAYX SCHN UNF15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb AgainU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a mostly higher note, but not before seeing some intraday volatility. Treasuries started the cash session just above yesterday's closing levels, spending the first hour of the action in a narrow range. The opening gains were extended amid early weakness on the equity side, with Treasuries rising to highs after the release of weaker than expected New Home Sales for May (actual 626,000; Briefing.com consensus 683,000) and weaker than expected Consumer Confidence for June (actual 121.5; Briefing.com consensus 132.0). Midday action saw a pullback from highs, as the market responded to speeches from St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Fed Chairman Jay Powell. The St. Louis Fed President was up first, and while he said that this is a good time for an "insurance cut", he ruled out the need for a 50-basis point cut. Fed Chairman Powell struck a similar tone, noting that the outlook has changed since early May, but monetary policy should not overreact to short-term swings in sentiment. The midday pullback was most visible in shorter tenors while the long bond remained near its high until the close. Today's $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction was met with strong demand. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 96.13, recording its first gain in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: -1 bp to 1.68% 5-yr: -2 bps to 1.73% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.99% 30-yr: -2 bps to 2.53%News: The implied probability of a 50-bps rate cut at the July meeting decreased to 36.4% from 42.6% after today's speeches from FOMC voters Bullard and Powell. Reuters reported that President Trump will meet with China's President Xi Jinping in Japan on Saturday. U.S. envoy to NATO, Kay Bailey Hutchinson, reiterated that Turkey will be excluded from the F-35 program if the country takes delivery of a Russian-made anti-aircraft weapon system. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. The new British Prime Minister will be named on July 23. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. $40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.695% (2.572%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58 (2.63) Indirect bid: 48.5% (46.3%) Direct bid: 24.2% (15.6%) Today's Data: New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April. The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017. The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook. The FHFA Housing Price Index increased 0.4% in April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) after increasing 0.1% in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index increased 2.5% in April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) after increasing a revised 2.6% (from 2.7%) in March. Commodities: WTI crude: UNCH at $57.81/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1418.45/ozt Copper: +0.7% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1373 GBP/USD: -0.3% to 1.2696 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8842 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior -3.4%) 8:30 ET: May Durable Orders (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior -2.1%) and Durable Orders ex-transportation (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.0%), May Advance International Trade in Goods (prior -$72.10 bln), May Advance Retail Inventories (prior 0.5%), and May Advance Wholesale Inventories (prior 0.7%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior -3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $41 bln 5-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 11:30 ET: San Francisco Fed President (non-voter) Mary Daly15:09SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Allergan (AGN) rises on premium acquisition by AbbVie (ABBV) in the latest major combination for the pharmaceutical sector -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersAGN (163.57 +26.24%): To be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) in a cash-and-stock deal with a transaction equity value of approx. $63 bln, based on ABBV's closing price of $78.45 yesterday; co's shareholders will receive 0.8660 ABBV shares and $120.30/share in cash for each AGN share held. The transaction represents a premium of +45% relative to co's closing price yesterday. Co's shareholders will own approx. 17% of AbbVie on a fully diluted basis following the closing of the acquisition. Shares reach their highest levels since November. ELAN (34.67 +3.4%): Various pharmaceutical companies and other healthcare names see strength in the wake of the AbbVie/Allergan deal. CAG (29.02 +3.27%): Posts moderate gains a few days in advance of its next quarterly results, which will be reported before the open on Thursday; in recent press, co today announced several product expansions for its Healthy Choice and Birds Eye brands. Consumer staples sector sees modest relative strength.Large Cap LosersABBV (66.04 -15.83%): Acquiring Allergan (AGN), as detailed above. Co sees the deal as providing immediate scale and profitability to its growth platform and significantly expanding and diversifying its global commercial scale and revenue base with new therapeutic areas, including medical aesthetics. Co expects the acquisition to provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 bln in year three as a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, reducing overlapping R&D resources, and driving SG&A efficiencies, among other factors. It is expected to be 10% accretive to adj. EPS over the first full year, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. Annual combined revenue for 2019 is estimated at approx. $48 bln. Sinks to two-year lows. SHOP (284.44 -8.78%): Downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush, citing valuation; the firm also increased co's price target to $305. The stock, which reached new all-time highs last week a bit shy of $340 and which continues to hold gains of circa +105% year-to-date, was also downgraded yesterday at ROTH Capital and last week at CIBC. ATHM (82.13 -7.73%): Chinese stocks generally underperform, with the Shanghai Composite Index having today ended a streak of gaining action, as the crucial G-20 meeting looms. (Related: TME, CTRP...)14:57TALKX Market Briefing: Re-thinking some bullish-minded mattersThe major indices have extended today's losses, pressured by a reality check that its most hopeful outlook isn't going to be satisfied in the near term.To that end, St. Louis Fed President Bullard -- the lone dissenter at the recent FOMC meeting and most ardent dove on the FOMC -- said today that he thinks a rate cut is coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50 basis points rate cut is necessary at the July 30-31 meeting. Fed Chair Powell didn't say anything either in a speech today to stoke expectations that the Fed is leaning at this juncture toward a 50 basis points cut at the July meeting.The other selling catalyst has been acknowledgment from White House officials that the goal for the G-20 meeting is to reopen trade talks, but that the U.S. will not accept any tariff conditions. That could be a stumbling block right out of the gate for China, which wants the U.S. to roll back existing tariffs. Separately, there was also an acknowledgment from White House officials that the trade talks could go on for months or years, which left an impression that the trade spat could be a prolonged one.Up to this point, there was some budding hope that the U.S. and China wil at least agree to forestall new tariff actions at this weekend's meeting. That's possible, but clearly, no guarantee has been given.Effectively, then, a short-term overbought market is finding reason to consolidate some strong June gains that were helped along in part by a hope the G-20 Summit would strike a constructive tone and that the Fed would cut rates by 50 basis pints in July. Those views are being called into question today, however, which is leading to the broad-based selling interest.The Russell 2000 is down 0.5%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.6%; the S&P 500 is down 0.8%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.5%.13:51FDX FedEx to report this evening (157.17 -3.73)FedEx (FDX 157.17, -3.73, -2.3%) will report its Q4 results after today's closing bell, followed by the management's conference call at 17:30 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the company to report an 18.3% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $4.83 on a 3.1% yr/yr increase in revenue to $17.85 bln. Last quarter, FedEx reported weaker than expected results and lowered its guidance to account for a slowing global economy. The weak outlook briefly pressured the stock, but FedEx was able to climb to a fresh 2019 high in mid-April. However, that push was followed by a return to the December low earlier this month. Continued relative strength in the U.S. economy should support FedEx's domestic business, but the international segment could see softness associated with slowing growth in Asia and Europe. FedEx's international segment accounts for roughly 30% of revenue. The company has had a difficult time integrating TNT Express into its business. Investors have known about this issue for a while, so any improvement on this front would be a positive. South China Morning Post reported today that the Chinese government may put FedEx on its list of unreliable foreign entities. Global Times speculated about this possibility on Sunday.FedEx trades at 9.9x forward earnings expectations, which represents a discount to UPS's (UPS 97.47, -2.25, -2.3%) 12.9x forward multiple.Editor's note: A previous version of this comment included the GAAP EPS estimate instead of the non-GAAP estimate. The comment has been corrected.13:50SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Brighthouse Financial (BHF) sinks on analyst downgrades -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTEVA (8.8 +6.67%): Various biotech/pharma names move higher following AbbVie's (ABBV) premium acquisition of pharmaceutical peer Allergan (AGN). (Related: JAZZ, MYL...) GRUB (76.18 +5.52%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and price target raised to $91 at Citigroup, citing factors including co's continued gains in gross food sales and reports that co is in early tests with certain large chains. Posts three-month highs.SAM (361.78 +3.59%): Now up by circa +7% over the past week, the stock today achieves a new all-time high on slightly above average volume.Mid Cap LosersBHF (33.63 -11.78%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman, which lowers co's target to $32 from $39, and to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse, which cuts co's price target to $22 from $35, with both firms calling attention to sources of pressure to co's capital plans. Drops to five-month lows.UNIT (9.88 -7.58%): In recent items, co announced the planned offering by its subsidiary Uniti Fiber Holdings, Inc. of $300 mln aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2024, and it signaled that it has entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to extend the maturity date of its revolving credit facility. Co also yesterday announced that PEG Bandwidth Holdings, the holder of co's 3.00% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, has elected to convert all of its shares.JOBS (69.88 -6.18%): Dropped to its lowest levels since December in early trade; though now well off those morning lows, the stock continues to underperform on more than 3x average volume, lagging alongside Chinese peers generally ahead of the weekend's G-20 meeting. (Related: HUYA, LX, BZUN...)13:32OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:BHC Jul 24 calls (volume: 7970, open int: 100, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 36%). Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.ATVI Jun 46.5 calls (volume: 6230, open int: 990, implied vol: ~41%, prev day implied vol: 38%). Co is expected to report earnings early August.MCD Jun 207.5 calls (volume: 5030, open int: 1490, implied vol: ~16%, prev day implied vol: 2%). Co is confirmed to report earnings July 26 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HRL Sep 42.5 puts (volume: 4060, open int: 10, implied vol: ~24%, prev day implied vol: 22%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.92, VIX: (16.12, +0.86, +5.6%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:16SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (68) outpacing new lows (59) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ABT, AEM, AGCO, AGI, AJRD, ANIP, AON, ARQL, ATO, AU, BFAM, BHP, BKH, BLL, CL, CMS, CNMD, DTE, EL, FCFS, GFI, GNRC, HIG, HMY, IT, JCI, KGC, KL, MAA, NEE, NVS, PG, PNM, RARX, RGLD, RSG, SAM, SAND, SBUX, SE, STE, SYK, TMO, TRV, V, WM, WTR, YUM, BEP, EDD, EMD, FNV, GBT, GOLD, MMT, NAD, NEA, NG, NZF, PVG, QSR, SHV, SHY, SLQD, UTF, VCSH, VGIT, VGMStocks that traded to 52 week lows: ABEO, ACLS, ADS, AERI, AFI, AHT, AMAG, AMC, ANAB, ANGI, AR, ASNA, ATRA, BNFT, CNX, CUK, DF, ECOM, MR, ENDP, EPC, EQT, EROS, GHL, GPRE, GTE, AMRX, KR, KSS, MATW, MYGN, OMN, QUAD, RAD, RYAM, RYTM, SBH, SCOR, SEMG, SFM, SFNC, SFUN, SIG, SKT, SPN, TV, TX, UNFI, URGN, VICR, WDR, WWW, ABBV, AVYA, CCL, ENR, GTT, IGT, WPGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: BFZ, EHI, GHY, MOSC, MUA, WIWThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CEL, SHIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: BWX, ENZL, FXY, GDX, GDXJ, GLD, HYD, IAU, MUB, SHY13:15TALKX Market Briefing: Fed Chair Powell also tempering market's scope of rate-cut hopes?In a speech on the Economic Outlook and Monetary Policy Review given at the Council of Foreign Relations today, Fed Chair Powell said much of what he said last week following the FOMC meeting.In that sense, one could see it as a dovish speech. The problem today perhaps is that Fed Chair Powell's remarks didn't necessarily make it clear that the Fed is inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at the July meeting.That sense of matters is wrapped up in the following two observations made in the speech:"Against the backdrop of heightened uncertainties, the baseline outlook of my FOMC colleagues, like that of many other forecasters, remains favorable, with unemployment remaining near historic lows.""But we are also mindful that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swing in sentiment."This speech followed on the heels of St. Lois Fed President Bullard saying that he thought a rate cut would be coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.Accordingly, the Powell speech served as another focal point that tempered the market's growing, and pent-up, hope that the Fed would cut by 50 basis points at the July 30-31 meeting. It could still if events, and data, unfold in the interim that suggest such a cut is necessary, but for now, there appear to be some emerging hints in the Fed commentary that suggest the market is probably getting greedy with the expectation that a 50 basis points cut is on the way.13:09SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ABBV (57.23 mln -15.46%), AGN (23.25 mln +26.5%), TEVA (21.69 mln +7.27%), BMY (14.02 mln +0.45%)Materials: GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), KGC (14.76 mln -2.78%), HMY (12.99 mln -5.16%)Industrials: GE (20.66 mln -0.68%)Consumer Discretionary: CZR (57.76 mln +2.27%)Information Technology: AMD (29.78 mln -0.38%), NOK (17.49 mln -0.79%), MSFT (15.84 mln -2.75%), MU (14.28 mln +1.27%)Financials: BAC (27.1 mln -0.66%), ITUB (15.37 mln -1.11%), BBD (13.41 mln -1.52%)Energy: CHK (31 mln -4.97%), SWN (13.3 mln -5.57%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: ABBV (11.7x -15.46%), AGN (7.08x +26.5%), XNCR (4.81x +13.29%), ATRS (4.04x +4.97%), ARQL (2.12x +9.89%)Materials: HMY (2.69x -5.16%), NG (2.25x -0.72%)Industrials: JOBS (3.46x -6.48%), DOOR (3.21x +2.21%)Consumer Discretionary: LEN (3.7x -5.74%), ERI (3.7x -3.87%), CZR (2.79x +2.27%), GRUB (2.19x +5.07%)Information Technology: SCSC (2.96x +2.61%)Financials: VMBS (6.89x +0.03%), VCIT (4.42x -0.01%), BHF (4.18x -13.12%), AEF (2.54x -0.27%)Energy: TOO (3.59x -1.72%)Utilities: ENIC (3x +0.84%)13:08SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: AGN (163.9 +26.5%), XNCR (38.37 +13.29%), RUBY (15.11 +10.21%), ARQL (11 +9.89%), TEVA (8.85 +7.27%), ENDP (3.84 +6.96%), DNLI (20.95 +6.72%), RARX (27.94 +6.56%), INO (2.57 +5.99%), PGNX (5.5 +5.36%)Industrials: GBX (28.96 +7.06%), TGI (19.74 +5.9%)Energy: MDR (8.79 +6.93%), LPI (2.9 +5.84%), OIS (17.94 +5.65%), GLOG (13.89 +5.63%)Consumer Staples: USNA (79.15 +9.41%), RAD (6.78 +7.62%), SPTN (11.53 +5.83%), ELF (13.87 +5.8%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ABBV (66.33 -15.46%), EPZM (13.54 -10.48%)Industrials: JOBS (69.66 -6.48%)Consumer Discretionary: RGS (16.56 -6.76%), SCVL (26.5 -5.96%)Information Technology: GTT (18.52 -7.26%), GSKY (12.15 -6.22%), UPLD (44 -6.13%), SHOP (292.83 -6.09%)Financials: BHF (33.12 -13.12%), HIIQ (24.05 -7.96%), JT (4.08 -6.63%)Consumer Staples: DF (0.97 -6.21%)13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.695% (When-Issued: 1.705%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58Indirect bid: 48.5% Direct bid: 24.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stock market trades lower in front of Powell commentsThe S&P 500 is down 0.5%, as shares of technology companies weigh on the broader market. Investors have shown some caution, buying into U.S. Treasuries, in front of an appearance from Fed Chair Powell at the top of the hour.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.9%. The Russell 2000 is up 0.1% after underperforming yesterday.Mr. Powell's position as Fed Chair usually commands the most attention, but the market has taken a leg lower in recent action after St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter) said a half-point cut in the fed funds rate would be too much. Instead, Mr. Bullard prefers a quarter-point cut.Economic data released today has provided some insight into the housing sector and consumer sentiment that has also disappointed investors. New homes sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000), and the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0).Today's action has been largely risk-off, which is being reflected across losses in nine of the 11 S&P 500 sectors. Leading today's retreat are the S&P 500 communication services (-1.4%), information technology (-1.2%), and consumer discretionary (-0.7%) sectors. The materials (+0.1%) and real estate (+0.02%) sectors cling onto slim gains.Home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.33, -3.13, -6.1%) has also contributed to the cautious sentiment after it issued downside Q3 guidance, discouraging investors after it provided positive quarterly results earlier in the day.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space. Allergan (AGN 164.00, +34.41, +26.6%) confirmed it will be acquired by pharmaceutical company AbbVie (ABBV 66.33, -12.12, -15.5%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie currently down over 15%, the deal represents a 37% premium to AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries have advanced, pushing the benchmark 10-yr yield down three basis points to 1.99%, as investors remain cautious about the economic outlook. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 96.21.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).12:48TALKX Market Briefing: Bullard reins in scope of rate-cut expectationsThe stock market has hit an air pocket, moving to its lows for the session, following comments from St. Louis Fed President Bullard (FOMC voter) who said he sees a rate cut coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.This remark caused some knee-jerk selling interest, as there has been a growing belief that the Fed will be inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at its July 30-31 FOMC meeting. The fact that one of the Fed's biggest doves -- if not the biggest -- is seemingly trying to rein in the market's rate-cut hopes has taken some of that rate-cut premium out of stock prices.As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell has a speaking engagement at 1:00 p.m. ET.The Russell 2000 is down 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.5%; the S&P 500 is down 0.6%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.12:00MSFT Microsoft hit by profit-taking interest (134.79 -2.99)Shares of Dow component Microsoft (MSFT 134.56, -3.22, -2.3%), which is also the largest stock by market capitalization, are underperforming today. That has to do in large part with how the stock has outperformed since June 3.Entering today, Microsoft was up 15% since June 3 (i.e. the day before Fed Chair Powell said the Fed would act appropriately to sustain the expansion) versus a 7.3% gain for the S&P 500 and a 9.2% gain for the Nasdaq Composite.A 15% move in a stock the size of Microsoft is a massive move and left shares of MSFT 21% above their 200-day moving average. The basis for today's selling, then, is a pullback from a short-term overbought condition.That condition was brought to light today by the analyst at Jefferies who raised his price target to $90 from $80, but maintained an Underperform rating and called the stock "materially overvalued."It won't be lost on investors that MSFT has defied the Jefferies view of the stock's prospects in a big way leading into today; nonetheless, with the broader market in a consolidation mode in front of the G-20 summit, the Jefferies view today looks to have served as another profit-taking catalyst.11:45SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -0.27%, FTSE +0.13%, CAC -0.05%---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.03%Germany's DAX: -0.27%U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.13%France's CAC 40: -0.05%Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.73%Spain's IBEX 35: -0.24%11:41SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Xencor (XNCR) rises on addition to S&P SmallCap 600 index -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersXNCR (38.25 +12.92%): Co will take the place of HFF Inc. (HF) in the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 2, upon that company's pending acquisition by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). At five-month highs. KRYS (45.8 +11.15%): Continued strength following updates from trials of KB103. Co also announced a public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock priced at $40.00/share, for gross proceeds of approx. $100.0 mln. Extends to further all-time highs. USNA (77.05 +6.51%): Designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 1, replacing Fidelity Southern (LION) upon its acquisition by by Ameris Bancorp (ABCB).Small Cap LosersFRTA (4.10 -10.20%): Announced that its CEO, Jeff Bradley, has stepped down as CEO and as one of co's directors in order to pursue other opportunities; co has appointed Karl H. Watson, Jr., most recently COO of Summit Materials (SUM), has been appointed to succeed Mr. Bradley. Co also announced the appointment of John McPherson as Lead Director and non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board, a newly created role, and noted that it "continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance" and that it "remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow." At two-month lows.EPZM (13.8 -8.72%): Tracks lower after spiking to a new 52-week high near yesterday's open and after having netted gains of circa +29% last week, bolstered by interim data for tazemetostat.SCOR (6.87 -7.66%): Sees continued weakness, down by circa 17% in the most recent three sessions. News items for co in recent days include its announcement of an agreement with an institutional investor for a $20 mln private placement of common stocks and warrants with potential to increase to approx. $50 mln and its announcement of a strategic partnership with MediaScience to research cross-platform advertising. Recent sector news included LiveRamp's (RAMP) acquisition, announced yesterday, of media measurement company Data Plus Math for a total consideration of $150 mln. Posts all-time lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 2.125% Bid-to-cover: 2.75 Indirect bid: 46.6% Direct bid: 27.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%11:20GIS General Mills Fourth Quarter Earnings Preview (53.87 +0.20)General Mills (GIS) will report fourth quarter earnings tomorrow before the open. There is a conference call scheduled for 8:30 ET. Q4 Capital IQ consensus calls for EPS of $0.76 (-4% yr/yr) on revenue of $4.24 bln (+8.8% yr/yr). The company is expected to guide for FY20 where consensus stands at $3.31 (-4.8% yr/yr) and $17.3 bln for revenues (+1.6% yr/yr).Looking back, the company beat on EPS four times in a row, but missed on revenues four times in a row. GIS shares increased 3% following its Q4 results. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, General Mills expects Blue Buffalo's net sales and segment operating profit growth will accelerate meaningfully, driven by significant distribution expansion in the FDM channel. Based on the GIS weekly Jun28 $54 straddle, the options market is currently pricing in a move of ~6% in either direction by weekly expiration (Friday).On a positive report, look for resistance near the $58.00-58.50 area, while support sits near the $49.00-49.50 vicinity.GIS has a market cap of ~$32 bln and trades at ~16x FY20 earnings, a notable discount to the average consumer packaged goods stock at 22x.11:13XPH Pharma is the big winner today after second large M&A deal is announced in as many weeksPharma and biotech stocks are the clear winners in trading this morning. With ABBV announcing today it will acquire AGN just a week after PFE said it will acquire ARRY, there is a lot of excitement in the group. What's notable is that both acquiring companies have blockbuster drugs (ABBV with Humira and PFE with Lyrica) that are soon facing patent expirations. It's clear large pharmas want to restock their portfolios. It's leading to speculation as to which companies may be next.On the other side of the spectrum, China, IT and gold stocks are showing weakness today.10:35SUMRX Morning Commodities: Oil sheds gains, now modestly lower, gold over 1% higherCommodities are higher (+0.5% at 79.88 as measured by the Bloomberg Commodity Index)Dollar index is slightly lower (-0.04% at 95.9420)Looking at energy:Jul WTI crude oil futures are now -$0.08 (-0.1%) at $57.82/barrelIn other energy, Jul natural gas is -$0.4 (-1.9%) at $2.24/MMBtu Moving on to metals:Aug gold is currently +$18.15 (+1.3%) at $1436.35/oz, while Jul silver is +$0.05 at $15.43/ozJul copper is now +$0.03 (+1.0%) at 2.73/lb10:31SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence & New Home Sales miss expectationsEconomic Data Summary:April Case Schiller Home Price Index 0.4% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.5%; March was 2.7% April FHFA Housing Price Index 2.5% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; March was revised to 2.6% from 0.1% June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs Briefing.com consensus of 132.0; May was revised to 131.3 from 134.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.May New Home Sales 626K vs Briefing.com consensus of 683K; April was revised to 679K from 673 The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -3.4%) May Durable Orders due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of -0.3%; April was -2.1%) May Durable Orders -- Ex Transportation due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; April was 0.0%) May Advance International Trade in Goods due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was -$72.1 bln) May Advance Retail Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.5%) May Advance Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.7%)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bostric to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bullard to speak today at 17:30 ET.The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week.Tuesday: $40 bln in 2 Year Treasury NotesWednesday: $41 bln in 5 Year Treasury NotesThursday: $32 bln in 7 Year Treasury NotesOther International Events of InterestChinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.10:17OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:BHC Jul 24 calls are seeing interest with 4420 contracts trading vs. open int of 100, pushing implied vol up around 16 points to ~52%. Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.Puts:HRL Sep 42.5 puts are seeing interest with 4060 contracts trading vs. open int of 10, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~24%. 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Stocks seeing volatility selling:FDS, LEN implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.68, VIX: (15.48, +0.22, +1.4%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:10TALKX Market Briefing: Soft start followed by some soft economic dataThe stock market has started to day's session on a soft note. This isn't altogether surprising given the lack of conviction seen in the futures market ahead of the open.At the same time, it isn't all that surprising given that market participants are spying a 1:00 p.m. ET speaking appearance by Fed Chair Powell as a potential market mover and given that the highly-anticipated G-20 summit is sitting on the weekend horizon.Just not much conviction right now on the part of buyers, who have been very active throughout the month of June, which is on track to be the best June for the S&P 500 since 1955!The broader market will be excused, then, for taking a little time to consolidate after a big run. Some disappointing consumer confidence data for June (121.5 vs. 132.0 Briefing.com consensus) and weaker-than-expected new home sales data for May (626K vs. 683K Briefing.com consensus) have also cast a pall on buying efforts.Treasuries, on the other hand, have benefited from the disappointing data. The 10-yr note yield is down three basis points to 1.99%.Separately, the health care space is one of the more actively-traded areas in the stock market today following AbbVie's (ABBV 66.89, -11.56, -14.7%) $63 billion cash-and-stock offer to acquire Allergan (AGN 164.69, +35.12, +27.1%), the maker of Botox.The Russell 2000 is up 0.1%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%; the S&P 500 is down 0.2%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.10:04AJG Arthur J. Gallagher to purchase a minority stake in Prague-based Renomia a.s.; terms not disclosed (86.87 -0.11)The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019. Renomia is the largest independent broker based in the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region.10:01ECONX June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs 132.0 Briefing.com consensus10:01ECONX May New Home Sales 626K vs 683K Briefing.com consensus09:47NRZ New Residential Investment 'launched an opportunistic underwritten public offering of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ' (15.97 )The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for investments and general corporate purposes.09:43OR Osisko Gold Royalties increases previously announced bought-deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares (10.96 -0.49)Osisko Gold Royalties announces that, due to strong demand, Betelgeuse LLC has entered into a revised agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets to increase the size of its previously announced bought deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per common share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $110,685,000. Osisko will not be receiving any of the proceeds of the secondary offering. Amounts are in Canadian dollars.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Wall Street opens slightly lower amid weakness in financialsThe major averages begin the day slightly lower. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows most holding modest losses. The communication services (-0.5%) and financials (-0.7%) sectors show relative weakness, while the real estate (+0.3%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are the lone sectors trading higher.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.73%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 2.00%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 96.01. WTI crude is up 0.3% to $58.05/bbl.09:28WIRES On The WiresKandi Technologies (KNDI) announced that its JV with Geely Group, Kandi Electric Vehicles Group, has received a national subsidy payment of RMB 876 mln from the Chinese government for sales of new energy vehicles, consisting of RMB 742.8 mln for pure EV sales during 2015 and 2016 and RMB 133.4 mln for partial EV sales in 2017.Progenics Pharm (PGNX) announced that results from studies highlighting the PSMA-targeted imaging agent, PyL, were presented at the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2019 Annual Meeting. The results included data from the company's Phase 2/3 OSPREY trial in men with high risk and metastatic prostate cancer and three presentations from an investigator-sponsored study conducted under the company's PyL Research Access Program that evaluated PyL in men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. Collectively, the data presented highlights the potential of PyL to detect locally advanced prostate cancer, biochemically recurrent prostate cancer, and metastatic disease. ANI Pharma (ANIP) announced the launch of Ranitidine Capsules, 150mg and 300mg. The current annual US market for this product is approx. $40 mln, according to Iqvia/IMS Health.Tricida (TCDA) announced that The Lancet published online detailed results from its long-term, Phase 3, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial, TRCA-301E, in 196 patients with chronic kidney disease and metabolic acidosis.TILT Biotherapeutics, a company working in the area of enabling tumor T-cell therapies and checkpoint inhibiting antibodies with oncolytic viruses, has entered into an agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt (MKKGY) and Pfizer (PFE) to evaluate its armed oncolytic virus, TILT-123, with avelumab in patients with solid tumors refractory to routine modalities.Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) announced a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Vaccine Research Center (VRC) enabling the VRC's use of Halozyme's ENHANZE drug delivery technology to develop subcutaneous formulations of broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) against HIV for HIV treatment. The two bnAbs selected for the CRADA are VRC07-523LS and N6LS.Bausch Health (BHC) put in notice to pay down an additional $100 mln of its senior secured term loans this week, using cash generated from operations. After this payment, the company will have eliminated all mandatory amortization for the first quarter of 2020.Dova Pharmaceuticals (DOVA) today announced that the European Commission has granted marketing authorization for DOPTELET (avatrombopag) for the treatment of severe thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo an invasive procedure.09:10WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +1.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -3.50.Much like yesterday, today's opening indication is looking flattish as investors appear content remaining in a wait-and-see mode for G-20. The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, above fair value.Allergan (AGN 169.75, +40.18, +31.0%) and AbbVie (ABBV 70.80, -7.65, -9.7%), meanwhile, have made some noise in a mega-merger deal worth about $63 billion. AbbVie will acquire Allergan for $188.24 per share in cash and stock, or a 45% premium to Allergan's closing price on Monday, but that premium is shrinking in pre-market action as shares of AbbVie trade lower by 9.7%.In housing data, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).09:00ECONX April S&P Case Shiller Home Price Index Yr/Yr +2.5% vs +2.5% Briefing.com consensus08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -0.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -7.40.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%Major European indices trade mostly in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%08:47TRWH Twin River Worldwide commences a modified Dutch auction to purchase shares of its common stock for cash at a price per share of not less than $29.50 nor greater than $33.00 in increments of $0.25 (29.17 )08:42WIRES On The WiresADTRAN (ADTN) has joined the prpl Foundation-an open-source, community-driven, collaborative non-profit foundation that strives to enable the security and interoperability of embedded devices. ADTRAN Subscriber Solutions & Experience CTO, David La Cagnina, will now serve on the prpl Foundation Board of Directors. La Cagnina has been active in prpl through SmartRG, which ADTRAN acquired late last year. ADTRAN increased support for the foundation to further demonstrate commitment to driving the industry toward open, programmable, software-defined access infrastructures.nLIGHT (LASR) announced the introduction of the Corona CFX-8000, the latest high-power fiber laser in the Corona product family. Corona fiber lasers incorporate programmable beam characteristics to bring together the speed and cost advantages of traditional fiber lasers with the superior thick metal cutting of CO2 lasers.Vonage (VG) expanded the reach of its channel partner program with the addition of P2 Communications Management, LLC, a national IT advisory and management firm. With Vonage's fully integrated communications offering, P2 Communications Management can offer its customers a unique combination of applications and programmable communications via APIs to help enhance both employee and customer experiences.Medidata (MDSO) announced that global pharmaceutical company Orion will consolidate all clinical trials on the Medidata Rave Clinical Cloud and expand its use of trial management solutions to support growth of its R&D pipeline.Iteris (ITI) was awarded a two-year contract by the Wyoming Department of Transportation, continuing its support of the state's 511 service and maintaining its position as a market leader in the nationwide traveler information system market, with a 25% share.Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII) received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for key claims covering the composition and method of manufacturing for Grandevo WDG, an MBI developed microbial-based bioinsecticide.08:37TDOC Teladoc appoints Mala Murthy as CFO; Most recently, Murthy was CFO of the Global Commercial Services Segment of American Express (62.75 )08:32MRTX Mirati Therapeutics prices 2.1 mln common stock offering at $97.00/share (100.75 )08:32ACER Acer Therapeutics receives Complete Response Letter from the FDA regarding its New Drug Application for EDSIVO for the treatment of vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (19.28 )The CRL states that it will be necessary to conduct an adequate and well-controlled trial to determine whether celiprolol reduces the risk of clinical events in patients with vEDS. Acer plans to request a meeting to discuss the FDA's response.08:27WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -1.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -8.50.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Iran is in the news again after it said a diplomatic solution with the U.S. is now closed after President Trump imposed new sanctions yesterday, according to Bloomberg. Tensions have yet to have a meaningful impact on the stock market, but tensions are having a noticeable effect on gold futures, which are up another 0.9% to $1430.30/oz.The precious metal, which tends to rise amid geopolitical uncertainty, is up 9.5% this month. Lower U.S. Treasury yields have also made gold more appealing to investors.Separately, FedEx (FDX 159.92, -0.98, -0.6%) filed a lawsuit against the Commerce Department to stop the government from requiring it to enforce the Huawei Technologies restrictions, according to The Wall Street Journal. On a related note, the economic bellwether will release its earnings report after today's close.08:12SUMRX Gapping up/down: LEN +5% and FDS +2% after earnings, AGN +32% and ABBV -8% after M&A news, PYX +15% after Imperial Capital initiates stock with $71 PT; SHOP -1.5% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:10CHTR Charter Comm to offer $750 mln of senior notes (392.44 )08:10SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:09WIRES On The WiresGarmin International, Inc., a unit of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN), announced that Fusion, a Garmin brand and worldwide leader in marine entertainment, has been selected as a supplier of choice for the Independent Boat Builders, Inc. (IBBI), the industry's largest purchasing cooperative. Beginning Model Year 2020, this agreement will give members direct access to Fusion's full line of audio entertainment products through 2024. Comprised of a 19-member network of leading boat brands, IBBI members collectively build nearly 25% of all boats sold in the U.S.Aspen RxHealth announced today that Humana Inc. (HUM) has chosen the company's app-based platform to connect pharmacists with patients to deliver clinical services, including medication therapy management. Covetrus (CVET) announced a new strategic partnership with Heart + Paw, an integrated pet care company that offers comprehensive wellness for animals, including veterinary care, boarding, daycare, grooming and community experiences to pets and their parents. Heart + Paw opened its first center in June 2019 and has significant national growth plans with an initial focus on the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) has received the first order for the new Purion XE Power Series implanter from a leading power device manufacturer. The new Purion XE product line extension will be used in high volume production of power devices supporting automotive, mobile and the IoT market spaces. The system is scheduled to ship in the third quarter. Predictive Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of Predictive Technology Group, Inc. (PRED), a leader in the use of data analytics for disease identification and subsequent clinical intervention through precision therapeutic treatments, announces that data from a study of the genes underlying endometriosis may lead to new pathophysiology insights, improved diagnostics and novel treatment approaches. The study data was discussed in an oral presentation by Kenneth Ward, M.D. at the 2019 European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology annual meeting in Vienna, Austria.08:07SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryLonger Tenors Tick HigherU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near yesterday's closing levels. Treasury futures stayed on an upward path during the overnight session, but the market found resistance near highs from Friday. The ensuing pullback ran into support near levels from yesterday, leaving Treasuries with modest gains at this juncture. Yesterday's session was quiet, but today, the market will receive some housing and consumer confidence data while the U.S. Treasury will sell $40 bln in 2-yr notes. Fed Chairman Jay Powell will speak in the early afternoon. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 96.05, seeking its first advance in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: UNCH at 1.69% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.75% 10-yr: -1 bp to 2.01% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.54%News: Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. Hong Kong's May trade deficit totaled HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). Imports decreased 4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) while exports fell 2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) The new British Prime Minister will be announced on July 23. France's June Business Survey decreased to 102 (expected 104) from 104. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. Commodities: WTI Crude: -0.4% to $57.68/bbl Gold: +1.0% to $1431.90/ozt Copper: +0.9% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.1385 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2728 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8783 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: April S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%; prior 2.7%) and April FHFA Housing Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.1%) 10:00 ET: June Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 132.0; prior 134.1) and May New Home Sales (Briefing.com consensus 683,000; prior 673,000) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 8:45 ET: New York Fed President (FOMC voter) John Williams 12:00 ET: Atlanta Fed President (non-voter) Raphael Bostic 13:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:01RFL Rafael Holdings enters into an out-licensing agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical (24.00 )Rafael will receive a one-time upfront payment of approximately $12.9 million USD and up to an additional approximately $150.3 million USD if certain development and commercial milestones are achieved. Rafael will also receive low-double digit royalties based on net sales of the Products in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries. ONO will have exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products for all indications in ONO's territory. Rafael continuously retains all exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products outside of ONO's territory.07:53WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -13.30.U.S. equity futures are slightly lower after a mixed session yesterday, as investors continue to await the G-20 summit at the end of the week. The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.In the meantime, the market will hear from several Fed officials throughout the day with Fed Chair Powell headlining the bunch. Mr. Powell will participate in an interview with The New York Times at 1:00 p.m. ET to discuss the challenges facing the economy and the policies of the Federal Reserve.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space this morning. Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93, +29.2%) confirmed it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a nearly 45% premium to Allergan's closing price from Monday.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) at 9:00 a.m. ET. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) and New Home Sales for May (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) will be released at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 2.01%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 96.05. WTI crude is down 0.3% to $57.75/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93): +29.2% after confirming it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a 43.8% premium to AGN's closing price from Monday. Lennar (LEN 53.98, +2.57): +5.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. FactSet (FDS 302.13, +8.80): +3.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -1.2%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.9%, India's Sensex +0.8%, South Korea's Kospi -0.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.2%.In economic data:Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%)South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9)Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%)New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)In news:Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases.Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies.South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.Major European indices trade in negative territory. STOXX Europe 600 -0.1%, Germany's DAX UNCH, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.1%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.5%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.6%.In economic data:U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27)France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104)Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)In news:Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years.The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament.European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.07:51OR Osisko Gold Royalties entered into a bought-deal agreement (11.45 )Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd announces that Betelgeuse LLC, a jointly owned subsidiary of certain investment funds managed by Orion Resource Partners, has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets, pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, an aggregate of 6,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per Common Share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $96,585,000.07:37AKRX Akorn received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018 --halted-- (4.73 )Douglas Boothe, Akorn's President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "Akorn is committed to resolving the warning letter in a comprehensive and effective manner. Earlier this year, Akorn launched a companywide action plan to improve the timing and effectiveness of our operations, quality systems and compliance enhancement initiatives, with an emphasis on transparency and quality. We believe the execution of this action plan, which has already begun to yield tangible results, will strengthen and further standardize our quality systems across the entire Akorn network."07:32PCRX Pacira Pharma announces that its MAA for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia was validated by the EMA (43.12 )The MAA for EXPAREL is supported by clinical evidence across several surgical indications, including patients undergoing Cesarean section and total knee arthroplasty procedures. In December 2018, the EMA issued a positive opinion for the company's Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX UNCH, FTSE -0.1%, CAC -0.1%Major European indices trade in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%---FX---EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1379 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2737 USD/CHF: +0.6% to 0.977107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -0.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.10.07:07WIRES On The WiresOn June 20, 2019, the Board of Directors of Hologic (HOLX) approved the amendment and restatement of the Company's Bylaws to implement proxy access bylaw provisions and to make other non-material changes. The proxy access bylaw provisions permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, who have held three percent or more of the Company's stock for at least three years, to nominate and include in the Company's annual proxy materials director nominees constituting the greater of twenty percent or two members of the Company's Board of Directors, provided that the shareholders and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Company's Bylaws.IHG (IHG) and Sands China (SCHYY) announced that The Venetian Macao and The Parisian Macao will become InterContinental Alliance Resorts beginning today. In addition, The Londoner Hotel in Macao will join the alliance when it opens in 2020 following the renovation of the current Holiday Inn Macao Cotai Central. IHG and The Venetian Resort Las Vegas also announced the long-term extension of their alliance. The partnership extends through to 2027 at all five properties.Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced that the first patient, who completed the Phase 2 clinical trial ANAVEX2-73-RS-001 voluntarily moved into the extension study and was dosed in the extension study for the treatment of Rett syndrome.Bausch Health Companies Inc. (BHC) and its dermatology business, Ortho Dermatologics, announced that DUOBRII (halobetasol propionate and tazarotene) Lotion, 0.01%/0.045%, will be available commercially to health care professionals starting this week. Linde (LIN) announced today it has signed a long-term agreement with ExxonMobil (XOM) Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. to support the latest multi-billion dollar expansion of the company's integrated manufacturing complex in Singapore. This will be the single largest sale of gas contract in the history of the newly merged Linde and of its legacy companies.07:05FDS FactSet beats by $0.25, beats on revs; raises FY19 EPS guidance; narrows FY19 revenue guidance (293.33 )Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $2.62 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.25 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.37; revenues rose 7.2% year/year to $364.5 mln vs the $359.25 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.ASV plus professional services was $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019. Organic ASV plus professional services was also $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019, up $76.5 mln from the prior year at a growth rate of 5.6%. Organic ASV, which excludes the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, plus professional services, increased $4.5 mln over the last three months.Co issues raised guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $9.80-9.90 from $9.50-9.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $9.61 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $1.42-1.44 bln from $1.41-1.45 bln vs. $1.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:03ARVN Arvinas: FDA has cleared the company's IND for ARV-471 for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ER positive / HER2 negative breast cancer (21.87 )Arvinas expects to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for ARV-471 in the third quarter of 2019. In preclinical studies, ARV-471 demonstrated near-complete ER degradation in tumor cells, induced robust tumor shrinkage when dosed as a single agent in multiple ER-driven xenograft models, and showed superior anti-tumor activity as a single agent and in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor when compared to a standard of care agent, fulvestrant, dosed as single agent or in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Arvinas believes the differentiated pharmacology of ARV-471, including its iterative degradation activity, has the potential to translate into meaningful clinical benefit for patients.07:02NTEC Intec Pharma announces publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients (4.16 )The article reviews pharmacokinetic and efficacy data from the Company's phase 2, multicenter, open-label, two-way randomized crossover study that evaluated multiple dose strengths of the AP-CD/LD (50/250 mg, 50/375 mg or 50/500 mg) twice daily in one treatment period and an active comparator in the other treatment period. The article presents results from cohorts 1-4 out of the 6 cohorts of PD patients who participated in the study. Pharmacokinetics (PK) and efficacy were evaluated for AP-CD/LD compared with immediate release Carbidopa/Levodopa (IR-CD/LD). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and patient- and investigator-reported measures were also evaluated. The PK results showed that compared with IR-CD/LD, treatment with either AP-CD/LD dose demonstrated more stable LD plasma concentrations in both fluctuating and non-fluctuating PD patients, and significantly decreased the LD Cmax (57.1% and 66.8% decreases among fluctuating and non-fluctuating patients, respectively).07:01ARQL ArQule prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share (10.01 )07:01RMBS Rambus sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V); terms not disclosed (11.55 )The combination of Visa's network tokenization capabilities with the local and account tokenization technology of Rambus will facilitate safer, more secure payments across all forms of global commerce.07:00ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints (7.09 )Statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints, due to high rates of disease resolution in vehicle-treated patients, but activity of reproxalap was consistently greater than that of vehicle. Noninfectious anterior uveitis program to be discontinued. The co plans to prioritize Phase 3 ocular pipeline programs in dry eye disease, allergic conjunctivitis, and proliferative vitreoretinopathy.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -1.2%, Shanghai -0.9%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: UNCH at 6.8792 USD/INR: +0.2% to 69.3606:56S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -16.00.06:56European MarketsFTSE...7399.75...-16.90...-0.20%. DAX...12268.81...-5.80...-0.10%.06:56Asian MarketsNikkei...21194...-92.20...-0.40%. Hang Seng...28186...-327.00...-1.20%.06:55FXI Shanghai... -0.87%06:50MOR MorphoSys names Jean-Paul Kress, M.D. CEO effective September 1 (26.18 )In his new position, Dr. Kress will succeed Dr. Simon Moroney, who had announced his decision not to renew his contract as a member of MorphoSys's Management Board in February 2019 and who will step down as CEO on September 1, 2019. Prior to joining MorphoSys, Dr. Kress served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Syntimmune, now a subsidiary of Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN).06:44AGN Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock (129.57 )Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, Allergan Shareholders will receive 0.8660 AbbVie Shares and $120.30 in cash for each Allergan Share that they hold, for a total consideration of $188.24 per Allergan Share. The transaction represents a 45% premium to the closing price of Allergan's Shares on June 24, 2019.AbbVie anticipates that the Acquisition will provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 billion in year three while leaving investments in key growth franchises untouched. The synergies and other cost reductions will be a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, and reducing overlapping R&D resources (~50%), driving efficiencies in SG&A, including sales and marketing and central support function costs (~40%), and eliminating redundancies in manufacturing and supply chain, and leveraging procurement spend (~10%). The synergies estimate excludes any potential revenue synergies.AbbVie is expected to generate significant annual operating cash flow, which will support a debt reduction target of $15 to $18 billion before the end of 2021, while also enabling a continued commitment to Baa2/BBB or better credit rating and continued dividend growth.This transaction is expected to be 10% accretive to adjusted earnings per share over the first full year following the close of the transaction, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. ROIC is expected to exceed AbbVie's cost of capital within the first full year.The companies anticipate closing of the transaction by early 202006:41SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:AGN +35.1%, ALDX +14.9%, XNCR +8%, RMTI +4.7%, LEN +4.1%, NBRV +2.4%, GNFT +2.3%, CBAY +2.2%, ARQL +1.4%Gapping down:ABBV -5%, BYND -3.9%, AAXN -1.2%, MRTX -1.2%, MKTX -1.1%, EQT -1.1%, KRYS -0.5%06:07WIRES On The WiresU.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) announced that it has entered into an agreement with AmeriMex Motor & Controls, LLC., a subsidiary of Industrial Service Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, AmeriMex will provide electric motors exclusively to USWS as it relates to electric hydraulic fracturing.Ctrip (CTRP) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways at the Ctrip Headquarter in Shanghai. This MOU will enable Ctrip to work closely with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways on business development and joint promotional activities. This will help to accelerate Fiji's existing marketing activities in China.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Carna Biosciences Inc. announced that the companies have entered into a research and development collaboration to develop and commercialize small molecule compounds in immuno-oncology and to access Carna's proprietary lipid kinase drug discovery platform. Under the terms of the license agreement, Gilead will license from Carna worldwide rights to develop and commercialize inhibitors against an undisclosed immuno-oncology target. In connection with this agreement, Carna will receive an upfront payment of $20 million and is eligible to receive up to an additional $450 million in potential milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestones. Carna will also receive royalties on future net sales.Norbord Inc. (OSB) reported that its OSB mill in High Level, Alberta was cleared to restart, and safely resumed normal operations over the weekend. The MacKenzie County mandatory evacuation order and town of High Level evacuation alert were both lifted this afternoon and MacKenzie County remains under an evacuation alert. The curtailment is not expected to materially impact Norbord's second quarter results.ERYTECH Pharma (ERYP) announced that it has entered into an agreement with SQZ Biotechnologies, a cell therapy company developing novel treatments in multiple therapeutic areas, to advance novel RBC-based therapeutics for immune modulation. ERYTECH is eligible to receive up to $57 million in combined upfront and potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for the first product successfully developed by SQZ under this agreement. ERYTECH will also be eligible to receive sales royalties, and up to a total of $50 million in commercial milestone payments related to each additional approved product or approved indication.06:05LEN Lennar beats by $0.16, beats on revs (51.41 )Reports Q2 (May) earnings of $1.30 per share, $0.16 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.14; revenues rose 1.9% year/year to $5.56 bln vs the $5.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:03KRYS Krystal Biotech prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share (41.20 )06:01EQT EQT Corp.: Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT (15.38 )06:01WIRES On The WiresTaiwan Liposome Company, Ltd. (TLC) announced the signing of a development and license agreement with Birdie Biopharmaceuticals Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals Corp. Birdie and Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals are clinical stage biotech companies focused on the development of immunotherapy to treat cancer.Tilray Inc. (TLRY) announced it has imported medical cannabis oral solutions in bulk into the United Kingdom from its Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)-certified facility in Canada. This export allows Tilray to provide authorized U.K. patients in need with a locally maintained supply of medical cannabis oral solutions.Almirall, S.A. and Dermira, Inc. (DERM) announced that Almirall has exercised its option to license rights to develop and commercialize lebrikizumab for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and certain other indications in Europe. Almirall and Dermira previously entered into an option and license agreement in February 2019 pursuant to which Almirall was granted this exclusive option in exchange for an upfront option fee of $30 million. As a result of Almirall's decision to exercise its option, the company will pay Dermira $50 million, and Dermira will be eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, including $30 million in connection with the initiation of certain Phase 3 clinical studies.Amazon (AMZN) announced that this July, Amazon will provide Prime members worldwide the chance to get epic deals during its longest Prime Day ever. Prime Day starts at midnight PT on Monday, July 15 and -- for the first time ever -- runs for 48 hours, offering members two full days with more than one million deals around the world.Amcor plc (AMCR) announces it has entered into a binding agreement with Kohlberg & Company, for the sale of three former Bemis plants located in the United Kingdom and Ireland for cash consideration of USD 394 million (347 million). Collectively these three plants generate annual sales of approximately USD 170 million from the sale of flexible packaging for certain healthcare products. This divestment was required by the European Commission at the time of approving Amcor's acquisition of Bemis on 11 February 2019.06:00CS Credit Suisse announces the combination of its third party investment fund platform Credit Suisse InvestLab with Allfunds (11.66 )The agreement will create a global fund distribution platform with combined assets under administration of more than CHF 570 bln and distinct distribution competences. The combined business leverages the global wealth management footprint of Credit Suisse and the technological innovation of Allfunds, further enhancing the service offering to asset managers and distributors worldwide.The transaction comprises the transfer of all shares in Credit Suisse InvestLab, including the service agreements, and the related distribution agreements of Credit Suisse to Allfunds Group. As part of this combination, Credit Suisse will become a minority shareholder of up to 18% in the combined business and will be represented at the Board. Going forward, Credit Suisse will utilize the combined business platform to distribute mutual funds and ETFs.Upon the projected closing in Q3 2019, the transaction will have a limited regulatory capital benefit and is expected to result in a 0.5% RoTE uplift for the financial year 2019 for this transaction alone, all other things being equal.06:00BMWYY BMW Group steps up the pace of e-mobility expansion (24.12 )Co says sales of electrified vehicles to climb more than 30% per year up to 2025.Co is adjusting frequency to up the tempo of its electromobility expansion program. The company will now achieve the total of 25 electrified models previously announced for 2025 two years earlier, in 2023. Thanks to flexible vehicle architectures for fully-electric, plug-in hybrid and combustion engine drive trains, the company is able to respond quickly to changing conditions. More than half of the 25 models will be fully electric.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back in early tradeThe global equity markets are off to a slightly weaker start to begin the day. The markets appear to be trading with some caution and profit taking heading into the long awaited G-20 conference later this week. S&P Futures continue to be range bound. The index is trading around 2949, with the overnight high pegged at 2958.25, while the session low sits at 2942.25.In Asia, both China and Japan finished lower. The Shanghai gave up 0.9% that seemed more like profit taking after last week's run higher. There were also reports that President Trump talked down expectations for the G-20 summit. Japanese shares lost ground following media reports that President Trump is mulling a revamp of the long standing peace treaty with Japan, suggesting the state pick up more slack for its defense. Automotive and Export stocks saw weakness with names such as Toyota and Sony both losing 1% on the day. European bourses are doing very little this morning, under very slight pressure in correspondence with the US and Asia.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -1.010 yr Note: 2.02%USD/JPY: 107.09 -0.21EUR/USD: 1.1383 -0.0016Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX -0.1% CAC -0.1%Asia: Hang Seng -1.2% Shanghai -0.9% Nikkei -0.4%Gold (1432.90 +14.70) Silver (15.45 +0.07) Crude (57.91 +0.01)17:44FBK FB Financial to sell its Correspondent Lending channel to Rushmore Loan Management Services; expects the transaction to close early Q3 (35.08 -0.07)In addition to the $1.1 million restructuring expense reported for the first quarter of 2019, FB Financial expects to record additional restructuring charges of up to $1.5 million to cover transaction related expenses, severance and other items related to its mortgage operations. Excluding the impact of the mortgage restructuring charges noted above, FB Financial expects an increase in the operating results from its total mortgage operations in the second quarter of 2019 as compared to the first quarter of 2019. During the quarter the mortgage operations have experienced both strong origination volumes and elevated prepayments in the mortgage servicing rights portfolio.17:38FLR Fluor's Stork with its consortium partners was awarded a 4-year framework agreement for plant turnaround services by Ecopetrol (EC) (31.11 -0.95)The Colombia-based consortium includes Stork as the international lead partner, Rampint as the local partner in Barrancabermeja and Servimant as the local partner in Cartagena. The agreement also includes two extension options for an additional two years each. Both refineries supply fuel to meet Colombia's national and export product needs. Fluor booked the undisclosed contract value in the second quarter of 2019.17:30MDCO The Medicines Co also launched public offering of $150.0 mln of shares of common stock (35.36 -1.04)17:25MDCO The Medicines Co files mixed securities shelf offering (35.36 -1.04)16:54ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics will hold call on June 25 at 8 a.m. Eastern Time to provide top-line results from the SOLACE trial of topical ocular reproxalap in patients with noninfectious anterior uveitis (7.09 -0.34)16:49KRYS Krystal Biotech announces it has commenced $100 mln public offering of common stock; all shares will be sold by the company (41.20 +12.05)16:38ARQL ArQule also commences underwritten public offering of common stock (10.01 -0.48)There can be no assurances as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. Co intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to fund its core clinical programs and for general corporate purposes.16:35EHC Encompass Health makes minority equity investment in MedalogixMedalogix provides predictive analytics and data science for home health and hospice. Medalogix is assisting Encompass Health in preparing for the impending changes to the Patient-Driven Groupings Model, a new home health payment model for Medicare patients expected to take effect January 1, 2020.16:34ARQL ArQule files mixed securities shelf offering (10.01 -0.48)16:33CHS Chico's FAS issues open letter to shareholders announcing additional actions supporting corporate governance (3.32 -0.06)Board of Directors unanimously approves an amendment to company bylaws to opt out of Florida's control share acquisition statute bylaw amendment. This provides voting rights for all Chico's FAS shareholders and eliminates the need for a special meeting as recently requested by Sycamore Partners."To be clear, this bylaw amendment relates solely to voting rights; it does not speak to the merits of, or otherwise advance, Sycamore's unsolicited acquisition proposal, nor does it speak to whether the Company should engage with Sycamore on its proposal. As previously announced, Sycamore's June 19, 2019 proposal is being reviewed by the Board. On this point, we appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders for the Board's decision to reject Sycamore's May 10 acquisition proposal and the confidence expressed in our ability to improve the Company's growth and value creation. We also appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders over the past weeks for our new operating priorities and the improvements underway in these areas."16:32IBP Installed Building Products announces acquisition of Expert Insulation and Expert Insulation of Brainerd; terms not disclosed (54.29 +0.24)Founded in 1998, Expert Insulation serves the Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota markets through branch locations in Rochester and Brainerd, Minnesota. The company provides fiberglass and spray foam insulation installation services, as well as waterproofing services for commercial, residential, and multi-family customers. The acquisition adds approx. $12.0 mln of annual revenue. The company has also this quarter acquired an insulation installer in Pennsylvania with approx. $3.6 mln in annual revenues.16:28FRTA Forterra appoints Karl H. Watson, Jr. as CEO; reaffirms FY19 outlook (4.56 -0.04)Mr. Watson, who most recently served as EVP and COO at Summit Materials (SUM), succeeds Jeff Bradley, who has stepped down as CEO and a director to pursue other opportunities. The company continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance, most recently addressed in the company's earnings release for the first quarter of 2019. As stated on May 6, 2019, Forterra anticipates further strengthening in public infrastructure spending, continued positive pricing trends, and stabilizing input costs. The company remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow.16:21WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.2% on Monday, finishing near session lows in a day that showed little conviction from investors. With big gains already registered in June and the G-20 summit set to begin at the end of the week, the broader market appeared content trading little changed for most of the session.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.03%) finished fractionally higher, while the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.3%. The Russell 2000 underperformed with a loss of 1.3%.President Trump and President Xi are expected to partake in an extended meeting at G-20, which many see as a potential market-moving event. Although many analysts aren't expecting a swift resolution to the trade dispute this weekend, there is still optimism that progress can be made.It was a mixed session with six S&P 500 sectors finishing lower and five finishing higher. The energy sector (-0.9%) gave back some of its gains from last week, while the consumer discretionary sector (-0.5%) was dragged lower by many stocks within the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT 41.67, -0.65, -1.5%). The materials (+0.5%), consumer staples (+0.3%), and information technology (+0.2%) sectors provided offsetting support.The health care sector (-0.5%) was pressured by the insurance and hospital stocks after President Trump signed an executive order to make health care costs more transparent to patients. Shares of Bristol-Myers (BMY 45.68, -3.66, -7.4%) also underperformed amid a host of negative news, one of which included an announcement that its acquisition of Celgene (CELG 93.47, -5.44, -5.5%) will be pushed back to the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020.On a related note, President Trump signed a separate executive order, hitting Iran with new sanctions after it shot down a U.S. military drone last week. Market reaction was muted, as President Trump already indicated last week that more sanctions were coming.In M&A news, Caesars Entertainment (CZR 11.44, +1.45, +14.5%) confirmed it will be acquired by Eldorado Resorts (ERI 45.77, -5.45, -10.6%) for $12.75/share in cash and stock, or approximately $8.6 billion.U.S. Treasuries finished on a higher note, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined five basis points to 2.02%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 96.00 for its fourth consecutive decline. WTI crude increased 0.8% to $57.82/bbl.Investors did not receive any economic data on Monday. On Tuesday, investors will receive New Home Sales for May, the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April.Nasdaq Composite +20.7% YTDS&P 500 +17.5% YTDRussell 2000 +13.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +14.6% YTD16:20GNFT Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China (shares halted) (20.22 +0.02)Terns will have the rights to develop and commercialize elafibranor, GENFIT's proprietary compound, in Greater China, for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Under the terms of the licensing agreement, GENFIT will receive an upfront payment from Terns of $35 mln and will be eligible to receive up to $193 mln in potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments. Terns obtains the exclusive rights to develop, register, and market elafibranor in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan for both NASH and PBC. Upon commercial launch of elafibranor for the treatment of NASH in Greater China, GENFIT will be entitled to receive mid-teen percentage royalties from Terns based on sales in the territory. The two companies will also collaborate on research and development moving forward in NASH and PBC.16:17IART Integra promotes Glenn Coleman to COO and appoints Carrie Anderson as CFO, effective June 24 (53.24 -0.05)Mr. Coleman most recently served as CFO and corporate vice president, responsible for Integra's international business. The role of COO is a newly-created position at the company. Ms. Anderson most recently served as chief accounting officer and corporate controller at Dover Corporation (DOV).16:17EZPW EZCORP acquires seven pawn stores in Nevada operating under "Metro Pawn" banner (9.41 +0.30)Co announces that it has completed the acquisition of seven pawn stores in Nevada, bringing the company's total store count in the state to 24. The acquired stores, operating under the name "Metro Pawn," include five stores in the Reno area, representing the company's entry into the Las Vegas area, giving the company a total of 19 stores in that market.The acquisition was completed earlier today, and the purchase price was paid in cash.16:13STRO Sutro Biopharma appoints retired Biogen Idec (BIIB) EVP Connie Matsui as Chairman (11.68 -0.19)16:11GNFT Genfit trading halted, news pending (20.22 +0.02)16:11EVFM Evofem Biosciences files for 13,888,891 share common stock offering by holders including 2,777,779 shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants (6.67 -0.26)16:04NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin (2.10 -0.11)The EMA has determined that the company's MAA for intravenous and oral formulations of lefamulin, a potentially first-in-class, semi-synthetic pleuromutilin antibiotic for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia in adults 18 years of age and older, is valid. Validation of the MAA confirms that the submission is sufficiently complete to begin the formal review process. An opinion of the EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use is anticipated in the next 12 to 15 months.16:04GLDD Great Lakes Dredge & Dock announces receipt of dredging awards totaling $91 mln (10.51 -0.38)The scope of work for the coastal protection projects includes nourishment of beachfronts with sand excavated from off-shore borrow which is then used to rebuild dunes and restore the shorelines eroded by winter storms.The projects will be executed in the second half of 2019 and into 2020 and will be performed by hopper dredges with a minimal disruption to the local communities with a view to increasing the resilience of our coastal environments to challenges from rising sea levels.16:01MRTX Mirati Therapeutics commenced underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock (100.75 -0.69)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: June 26, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 22:00 ETBriefing.comJune 25, 2019 Tuesday 10:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 19150 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 25-Jun-19 22:00 ET18:00QD Qudian proposes to offer up to US$250 mln of convertible senior notes due 2026 (8.46 -0.26)The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes Offering to pay the cost of certain capped call transactions.17:36TGT Target announces two-day Target Deal Day event (July 15-16) featuring same-day delivery and pickup options (85.70 -1.02)"Last year's Target.com One-Day Sale was one of our biggest days of the year for online sales... This year, we're giving guests more discounts across even more of our assortment with two days to save on hundreds of thousands of items and offering the best options in retail for delivery and pick up on their terms, including same-day."17:31FTI TechnipFMC reaches global resolution of U.S. and Brazilian legacy investigations; agreed to pay a total of $301.3 mln to authorities (24.96 +0.22)As part of this resolution, TechnipFMC entered into a three-year Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the DOJ related to charges of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) related to conduct in Brazil and with Unaoil. In addition, Technip USA, Inc., a U.S. subsidiary, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA related to conduct in Brazil. The Company will also provide the DOJ reports on its anti-corruption program during the term of the DPA. As previously disclosed, TechnipFMC has also been cooperating with an investigation by the French Parquet National Financier (PNF) related to historical projects in Equatorial Guinea and Ghana. To date, this investigation has not reached resolution. TechnipFMC remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF and will maintain a $70 million provision related to this investigation.17:08NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics entered into $50 mln "Open Market Sale Agreement" with Jefferies (2.11 +0.01)16:58MU Micron on Conference Call- Sees revenue in the range of $4.3-4.7 bln, S&P Capital IQ consensus $4.558 bln; Sees EPS in the range of $0.38-0.52, Cap IQ consensus $0.7016:42BBVA Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria files mixed securities shelf offering (5.52 -0.05)16:31GBCI Glacier Bancorp increases quarterly dividend to $0.27/share from $0.26/share (39.22 -0.09)16:29INXN InterXion announces public offering of 4 mln common shares (75.11 -0.40)16:26CRCM Care.com CFO Michael Echenberg tenders his resignation, effective on August 30, 2019 (14.09 +0.18)The company expects that Michael Goss, the company's Vice President of Finance, will be appointed acting Chief Financial Officer of the company upon the effectiveness of Mr. Echenberg's resignation. Mr. Echenberg will assist in the transition of the Chief Financial Officer role until his departure from the company.16:25CRTO Criteo COO Mollie Spilman resigns effective July 5 to pursue a new career opportunity (17.96 -0.11)Ms. Spilman has decided to leave the company to pursue a new career opportunity. She will continue with the company through the end of 2Q19 and depart on July 5, 2019. With Ms. Spilman's departure, CEO JB Rudelle will directly manage the sales and operations teams to ensure faster execution of Criteo's transformation plan.16:22LILA Liberty Latin America proposes offering of $350 mln aggregate principle amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in private placement (18.08 -0.51)Liberty Latin America expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund the cost of certain capped call transactions and to use the remaining funds for other general corporate purposes.16:20BIG Big Lots appoints Jonathan Ramsden as EVP-Chief Financial and Administrative Officer effective August 5; reaffirms Q2 / FY EPS and sales guidance (27.78 +0.31)Mr. Ramsden will succeed Timothy A. Johnson, who will transition away from his roles effective August 5, 2019, to pursue other opportunities in the for-profit and not-for-profit arenas. Mr. Johnson has agreed to continue in an advisory role through Labor Day to provide the opportunity for a smooth transition for the business. Mr. Ramsden spent over seven years with Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF), joining as Chief Financial Officer in 2008 and later serving as the company's Chief Operating Officer. In connection with today's announcement, Big Lots reaffirmed its financial forecast for the second quarter and full year of fiscal 2019, as previously disclosed on May 31, 2019. Prior Guidance: Q2 EPS of $0.35-0.45 vs. $0.42 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and FY20 EPS of $3.70-3.85 vs. $3.78 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:20HFFG HF Foods enters into merger agreement with B&R Global Holdings, a food wholesaler and distributor for Asian restaurants (25.27 +1.25)Co and B&R Global Holdings announce that they have entered into a merger agreement pursuant to which they will combine their operations. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, at the closing of the merger, B&R Global Holdings will merge into HFFF's wholly owned subsidiary, resulting in B&R Global Holdings becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of HF Foods.HFFG will issue approximately 30.7 mln of its shares of common stock to the former shareholders of B&R Global Holdings as consideration for the transaction.The combined business will serve in excess of 10,000 restaurants in 21 states and had revenues in excess of $800 mln in 2018.16:20WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 lost 1.0% on Tuesday, as subdued expectations for next month's Fed rate decision and the upcoming G-20 summit contributed to a risk-off mindset. Shares of technology companies, particularly the mega-cap stocks, underperformed the broader market.The Nasdaq Composite lost 1.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.7%, and the Russell 2000 lost 0.6%.St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter), who was the lone dissident in this month's FOMC meeting, said he didn't think it was necessary to cut the fed funds rate by 50 basis points. Instead, he favored a 25 basis points reduction, viewing it as an "insurance" cut.This stance from one of the Fed's most vocal doves, in addition to comments from Fed Chair Powell, tempered the market's hopes for a 50 basis points cut next month. Fed Chair Powell reminded the market that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swings in sentiment.Expectations for the upcoming G-20 summit were also lowered after a White House official told Reuters that the U.S. will not accept any new tariff conditions and that the U.S. is not willing to concede to the Chinese on trade. The goal is to simply reopen talks, which was not the constructive tone the market was anticipating.These subdued expectations, along with some disappointing economic data, contributed to some broad-based profit taking in equities. Ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower, led by the mega-cap stocks within the information technology (-1.8%), communication services (-1.6%), and consumer discretionary (-1.1%) sectors. The materials sector was unchanged.Regarding economic data, new home sales for May and consumer sentiment for June both declined below expectations. On a related note, home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.22, -3.19, -6.2%) provided investors with downside Q3 guidance.In M&A news, the health care sector (-0.4%) was home to a mega-merger deal on Tuesday. AbbVie (ABBV 65.70, -12.75, -16.3%) announced it will acquire Allergan (AGN 162.43, +32.86, +25.4%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie losing over 16%, the premium was reduced to 37% over AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries finished on a mostly higher note. The 2-yr yield was unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.99%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 96.16. WTI crude was unchanged at $57.81/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).Looking ahead, investors will receive the following reports on Wednesday: Durable Goods Orders for May, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and the Advance reports for International Trade in Goods, Retail Inventories, and Wholesales Inventories for May.Nasdaq Composite +18.8% YTDS&P 500 +16.4% YTDRussell 2000 +12.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.8% YTD16:19FDX FedEx beats by $0.18, reports revs in-line, guides FY20 EPS below consensus (156.01 -4.90)Reports Q4 (May) earnings of $5.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.18 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $4.83; revenues rose 2.8% year/year to $17.81 bln vs the $17.85 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q4 was hurt by lower FedEx International Priority package and freight revenues at FedEx Express, higher costs at FedEx Ground and business realignment costs primarily associated with the U.S.-based voluntary employee buyout program. Partially offsetting these factors were the benefits from US volume growth, increased revenue per shipment at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground, lower variable incentive compensation expenses and a favorable net impact of fuel at all transportation segments.Outlook: Co guides to FY20 non-GAAP EPS being a mid-single-digit percentage point decline (prior to the year-end MTM retirement plan accounting adjustment and excluding estimated TNT Express integration expenses). Current consensus is at $16.16, and FY19 actual was $15.52. So consensus is estimating 4% EPS growth, so the guidance of a mid-single-digit decline is a good bit below consensus estimates.16:19JAZZ Jazz Pharma will host webcast on July 2 at 4:30 p.m. EDT to provide investors with an update on Sunosi (136.50 +5.19)Sunosi (solriamfetol) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on March 20, 2019 to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). Sunosi is the first dual-acting dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved to treat excessive daytime sleepiness in adults living with narcolepsy or OSA. Beginning early July, Sunosi will be commercially available in the U.S. following the recent scheduling decision by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency.16:19GBT Global Blood Therapeutics announces public offering of approx. $200.0 mln of shares of its common stock (62.43 -0.86)GBT intends to use proceeds to fund its clinical development of voxelotor for the treatment of sickle cell disease. GBT may also use a portion of the net proceeds to in-license, acquire or invest in new business, technology or assets, although it has no material agreements, commitments, or understandings in place.16:18PGRE Paramount Group enters into agreement to acquire 55 Second Street ni San Francisco for $408 mln (14.23 -0.15)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 55 Second Street, a 387,000 square foot office building located in San Francisco's South Financial District, for approximately $408 mln or $1,054 per square foot.The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, is expected to close in 3Q19. In connection with the transaction, the company expects to bring in a joint venture partner prior to closing.The property is currently 87.4% leased primarily to accounting, legal and technology tenants.16:17CFMS ConforMIS has secured up to $30 mln in debt financing from Innovatus Capital Partners and East West Bank and $3 mln in equity financing from Innovatus (3.84 -0.03)In addition, Innovatus purchased $3 million of the Company's common stock from the Company at the previous day's closing price.16:16APLE Apple Hospitality REIT appoints Rachael Rothman to position of Executive Vice President and CFO, effective July 1, 2019 (15.70 -0.02)Ms. Rothman will succeed Bryan Peery as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As previously announced, Mr. Peery plans to retire from the company in 1Q20. Mr. Peery will continue as Executive Vice President and, effective July 1, 2019, will become Chief Accounting Officer for the company.16:16COWN Cowen Group names CEO Jeffrey Solomon as Chairman (16.63 +0.35)Outgoing Chairman Jerome S. Markowitz is now serving as Lead Independent Director.16:14MU Micron --CORRECTION-- MU beat by 26 cents; we previously reported the GAAP number which was a 5 cent miss; guidance will be released shortly with a conference call starting at 4:30pm ET; we have corrected the original comment16:14INXN InterXion files for ordinary share shelf offering (75.10 -0.44)16:13AVAV AeroVironment beats by $0.02, beats on revs; guides FY20 EPS in-line, revs in-line (61.31 -0.61)Reports Q4 (Apr) earnings of $0.26 per share, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.24; revenues fell 25.1% year/year to $87.9 mln vs the $82.57 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross margin decreased to 42% from 45%. The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to the decrease in sales volume and an increase in the proportion of service revenue to total revenue.As of April 30, 2019, funded backlog was $164.3 mln compared to $164.4 mln as of April 30, 2018.Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $1.47-$1.67 vs. $1.64 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $350-$370 mln vs. $360.50 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:06PDLI PDL BioPharma announces resignation of CFO, effective August 15, 2019 (3.08 +0.09)Co announces the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Peter Garcia, who will be leaving the company effective August 15, 2019. He will continue in his role through the filing of the company's second quarter 10-Q in August and is committed to ensure a smooth transition of duties.16:06PRTK Paratek Pharma promotes Evan Loh, M.D. to CEO, effective June 25 (3.76 -0.02)Dr. Loh has nearly 20 years of experience as a senior executive in the pharmaceutical industry, most recently serving as Paratek's Chief Operating Officer since January 2017 and as President and Chief Medical Officer and member of the Board of Directors since June 2014. Michael Bigham, who has served as Paratek's Chairman and CEO since 2014, will remain active with the company in the newly created role of Executive Chairman.16:05MU Micron beats by $0.26, beats on revs; Seeing early signs of demand improvement but will reduce 2020 CapEx spend (32.68 -0.51)Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $1.05 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.26 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues fell 38.6% year/year to $4.79 bln vs the $4.7 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Micron's improved competitive position and strong execution helped us deliver solid results despite a challenging environment," said Micron Technology President and CEO Sanjay Mehrotra. "While we are seeing early signs of demand improvement, we plan to reduce our capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 to help improve industry supply-demand balance."16:03SSTK Shutterstock announces that Co-Chief Operating Officer and CFO will depart; co's Chief Accounting Officer appointed to fill role of Interim CFO (39.62 -0.89)Co-Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Steven Berns will depart from his roles at SSTK to pursue other opportunities, effective immediately. Mr. Berns' departure is not due to a dispute or any matter relating to the company's accounting and financial policies and operations. The company's Chief Accounting Officer, Steve Ciardiello has been appointed to the role of interim Chief Financial Officer until a successor has been named. Mr. Ciardiello will also continue in his existing role as Chief Accounting Officer. SSTK also announces that Stan Pavlovsky, who had been serving as Co-Chief Operating Officer and Head of Strategic Operations, has been named President and Chief Operating Officer.16:01ODT Odonate Therapeutics commences underwritten public offering of $100 mln common stock (28.12 +0.04)15:49SCS Steelcase discloses entry into stock repurchase agreement with an independent third party broker under which the broker is authorized to repurchase up to 1.5 mln shares of common stock on behalf of the Company between June 26-December 26 (16.03 +0.46)The shares will be purchased pursuant to the Company's previously announced share repurchase program.15:44SUMRX Closing Commodities: Oil and gold settle the day flat: API oil data out after the closeMetals Settlement Prices:Aug gold settled today's session $0.30 higher at $1418.45/ozJuly silver settled today's session $0.08 lower (-0.5%) at $15.29/ozSept copper settled $0.02 higher (+0.7%) at $2.73/lbAgriculture Settlement Prices:July corn settled unch at $4.52/bushelJuly wheat settled $0.03 lower (-0.6%) at $5.40/bushelJuly soybeans settled $0.06 lower (-0.7%) at $9.08/bushelEnergy Settlement Prices:July Crude Oil futures fell $0.01 to $57.81/barrelJuly Natural Gas settles unch at $2.28/MMBtuJuly RBOB Gasoline settled $0.02 higher (+1.1%) at $1.83/gallonJuly Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (+0.5%) at $1.93/gallon15:37SAFM Sanderson Farms issues statement, says has not been subpoenaed in connection with Department of Justice investigation (131.62 -2.38)"The United States Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday, June 21, 2019, in In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation stating that it is conducting a criminal investigation regarding the broiler industry. The Company has not been subpoenaed in connection with the Department of Justice investigation. The Company continues to believe the civil plaintiffs' claims as to Sanderson Farms are wholly without merit, and we are committed to defending the case vigorously."15:27SUMRX Earnings Confirmed for this afternoon and tomorrow morningEarnings out this afternoon: AVAV FDX MU SNXEarnings out tomorrow morning: ATU BB GIS INFO PAYX SCHN UNF15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb AgainU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a mostly higher note, but not before seeing some intraday volatility. Treasuries started the cash session just above yesterday's closing levels, spending the first hour of the action in a narrow range. The opening gains were extended amid early weakness on the equity side, with Treasuries rising to highs after the release of weaker than expected New Home Sales for May (actual 626,000; Briefing.com consensus 683,000) and weaker than expected Consumer Confidence for June (actual 121.5; Briefing.com consensus 132.0). Midday action saw a pullback from highs, as the market responded to speeches from St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Fed Chairman Jay Powell. The St. Louis Fed President was up first, and while he said that this is a good time for an "insurance cut", he ruled out the need for a 50-basis point cut. Fed Chairman Powell struck a similar tone, noting that the outlook has changed since early May, but monetary policy should not overreact to short-term swings in sentiment. The midday pullback was most visible in shorter tenors while the long bond remained near its high until the close. Today's $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction was met with strong demand. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 96.13, recording its first gain in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: -1 bp to 1.68% 5-yr: -2 bps to 1.73% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.99% 30-yr: -2 bps to 2.53%News: The implied probability of a 50-bps rate cut at the July meeting decreased to 36.4% from 42.6% after today's speeches from FOMC voters Bullard and Powell. Reuters reported that President Trump will meet with China's President Xi Jinping in Japan on Saturday. U.S. envoy to NATO, Kay Bailey Hutchinson, reiterated that Turkey will be excluded from the F-35 program if the country takes delivery of a Russian-made anti-aircraft weapon system. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. The new British Prime Minister will be named on July 23. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. $40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.695% (2.572%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58 (2.63) Indirect bid: 48.5% (46.3%) Direct bid: 24.2% (15.6%) Today's Data: New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April. The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017. The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook. The FHFA Housing Price Index increased 0.4% in April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) after increasing 0.1% in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index increased 2.5% in April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) after increasing a revised 2.6% (from 2.7%) in March. Commodities: WTI crude: UNCH at $57.81/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1418.45/ozt Copper: +0.7% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1373 GBP/USD: -0.3% to 1.2696 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8842 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior -3.4%) 8:30 ET: May Durable Orders (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior -2.1%) and Durable Orders ex-transportation (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.0%), May Advance International Trade in Goods (prior -$72.10 bln), May Advance Retail Inventories (prior 0.5%), and May Advance Wholesale Inventories (prior 0.7%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior -3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $41 bln 5-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 11:30 ET: San Francisco Fed President (non-voter) Mary Daly15:09SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Allergan (AGN) rises on premium acquisition by AbbVie (ABBV) in the latest major combination for the pharmaceutical sector -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersAGN (163.57 +26.24%): To be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) in a cash-and-stock deal with a transaction equity value of approx. $63 bln, based on ABBV's closing price of $78.45 yesterday; co's shareholders will receive 0.8660 ABBV shares and $120.30/share in cash for each AGN share held. The transaction represents a premium of +45% relative to co's closing price yesterday. Co's shareholders will own approx. 17% of AbbVie on a fully diluted basis following the closing of the acquisition. Shares reach their highest levels since November. ELAN (34.67 +3.4%): Various pharmaceutical companies and other healthcare names see strength in the wake of the AbbVie/Allergan deal. CAG (29.02 +3.27%): Posts moderate gains a few days in advance of its next quarterly results, which will be reported before the open on Thursday; in recent press, co today announced several product expansions for its Healthy Choice and Birds Eye brands. Consumer staples sector sees modest relative strength.Large Cap LosersABBV (66.04 -15.83%): Acquiring Allergan (AGN), as detailed above. Co sees the deal as providing immediate scale and profitability to its growth platform and significantly expanding and diversifying its global commercial scale and revenue base with new therapeutic areas, including medical aesthetics. Co expects the acquisition to provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 bln in year three as a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, reducing overlapping R&D resources, and driving SG&A efficiencies, among other factors. It is expected to be 10% accretive to adj. EPS over the first full year, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. Annual combined revenue for 2019 is estimated at approx. $48 bln. Sinks to two-year lows. SHOP (284.44 -8.78%): Downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush, citing valuation; the firm also increased co's price target to $305. The stock, which reached new all-time highs last week a bit shy of $340 and which continues to hold gains of circa +105% year-to-date, was also downgraded yesterday at ROTH Capital and last week at CIBC. ATHM (82.13 -7.73%): Chinese stocks generally underperform, with the Shanghai Composite Index having today ended a streak of gaining action, as the crucial G-20 meeting looms. (Related: TME, CTRP...)14:57TALKX Market Briefing: Re-thinking some bullish-minded mattersThe major indices have extended today's losses, pressured by a reality check that its most hopeful outlook isn't going to be satisfied in the near term.To that end, St. Louis Fed President Bullard -- the lone dissenter at the recent FOMC meeting and most ardent dove on the FOMC -- said today that he thinks a rate cut is coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50 basis points rate cut is necessary at the July 30-31 meeting. Fed Chair Powell didn't say anything either in a speech today to stoke expectations that the Fed is leaning at this juncture toward a 50 basis points cut at the July meeting.The other selling catalyst has been acknowledgment from White House officials that the goal for the G-20 meeting is to reopen trade talks, but that the U.S. will not accept any tariff conditions. That could be a stumbling block right out of the gate for China, which wants the U.S. to roll back existing tariffs. Separately, there was also an acknowledgment from White House officials that the trade talks could go on for months or years, which left an impression that the trade spat could be a prolonged one.Up to this point, there was some budding hope that the U.S. and China wil at least agree to forestall new tariff actions at this weekend's meeting. That's possible, but clearly, no guarantee has been given.Effectively, then, a short-term overbought market is finding reason to consolidate some strong June gains that were helped along in part by a hope the G-20 Summit would strike a constructive tone and that the Fed would cut rates by 50 basis pints in July. Those views are being called into question today, however, which is leading to the broad-based selling interest.The Russell 2000 is down 0.5%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.6%; the S&P 500 is down 0.8%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.5%.13:51FDX FedEx to report this evening (157.17 -3.73)FedEx (FDX 157.17, -3.73, -2.3%) will report its Q4 results after today's closing bell, followed by the management's conference call at 17:30 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the company to report an 18.3% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $4.83 on a 3.1% yr/yr increase in revenue to $17.85 bln. Last quarter, FedEx reported weaker than expected results and lowered its guidance to account for a slowing global economy. The weak outlook briefly pressured the stock, but FedEx was able to climb to a fresh 2019 high in mid-April. However, that push was followed by a return to the December low earlier this month. Continued relative strength in the U.S. economy should support FedEx's domestic business, but the international segment could see softness associated with slowing growth in Asia and Europe. FedEx's international segment accounts for roughly 30% of revenue. The company has had a difficult time integrating TNT Express into its business. Investors have known about this issue for a while, so any improvement on this front would be a positive. South China Morning Post reported today that the Chinese government may put FedEx on its list of unreliable foreign entities. Global Times speculated about this possibility on Sunday.FedEx trades at 9.9x forward earnings expectations, which represents a discount to UPS's (UPS 97.47, -2.25, -2.3%) 12.9x forward multiple.Editor's note: A previous version of this comment included the GAAP EPS estimate instead of the non-GAAP estimate. The comment has been corrected.13:50SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Brighthouse Financial (BHF) sinks on analyst downgrades -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTEVA (8.8 +6.67%): Various biotech/pharma names move higher following AbbVie's (ABBV) premium acquisition of pharmaceutical peer Allergan (AGN). (Related: JAZZ, MYL...) GRUB (76.18 +5.52%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and price target raised to $91 at Citigroup, citing factors including co's continued gains in gross food sales and reports that co is in early tests with certain large chains. Posts three-month highs.SAM (361.78 +3.59%): Now up by circa +7% over the past week, the stock today achieves a new all-time high on slightly above average volume.Mid Cap LosersBHF (33.63 -11.78%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman, which lowers co's target to $32 from $39, and to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse, which cuts co's price target to $22 from $35, with both firms calling attention to sources of pressure to co's capital plans. Drops to five-month lows.UNIT (9.88 -7.58%): In recent items, co announced the planned offering by its subsidiary Uniti Fiber Holdings, Inc. of $300 mln aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due 2024, and it signaled that it has entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to extend the maturity date of its revolving credit facility. Co also yesterday announced that PEG Bandwidth Holdings, the holder of co's 3.00% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, has elected to convert all of its shares.JOBS (69.88 -6.18%): Dropped to its lowest levels since December in early trade; though now well off those morning lows, the stock continues to underperform on more than 3x average volume, lagging alongside Chinese peers generally ahead of the weekend's G-20 meeting. (Related: HUYA, LX, BZUN...)13:32OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:BHC Jul 24 calls (volume: 7970, open int: 100, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 36%). Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.ATVI Jun 46.5 calls (volume: 6230, open int: 990, implied vol: ~41%, prev day implied vol: 38%). Co is expected to report earnings early August.MCD Jun 207.5 calls (volume: 5030, open int: 1490, implied vol: ~16%, prev day implied vol: 2%). Co is confirmed to report earnings July 26 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HRL Sep 42.5 puts (volume: 4060, open int: 10, implied vol: ~24%, prev day implied vol: 22%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.92, VIX: (16.12, +0.86, +5.6%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:16SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (68) outpacing new lows (59) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ABT, AEM, AGCO, AGI, AJRD, ANIP, AON, ARQL, ATO, AU, BFAM, BHP, BKH, BLL, CL, CMS, CNMD, DTE, EL, FCFS, GFI, GNRC, HIG, HMY, IT, JCI, KGC, KL, MAA, NEE, NVS, PG, PNM, RARX, RGLD, RSG, SAM, SAND, SBUX, SE, STE, SYK, TMO, TRV, V, WM, WTR, YUM, BEP, EDD, EMD, FNV, GBT, GOLD, MMT, NAD, NEA, NG, NZF, PVG, QSR, SHV, SHY, SLQD, UTF, VCSH, VGIT, VGMStocks that traded to 52 week lows: ABEO, ACLS, ADS, AERI, AFI, AHT, AMAG, AMC, ANAB, ANGI, AR, ASNA, ATRA, BNFT, CNX, CUK, DF, ECOM, MR, ENDP, EPC, EQT, EROS, GHL, GPRE, GTE, AMRX, KR, KSS, MATW, MYGN, OMN, QUAD, RAD, RYAM, RYTM, SBH, SCOR, SEMG, SFM, SFNC, SFUN, SIG, SKT, SPN, TV, TX, UNFI, URGN, VICR, WDR, WWW, ABBV, AVYA, CCL, ENR, GTT, IGT, WPGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: BFZ, EHI, GHY, MOSC, MUA, WIWThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CEL, SHIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: BWX, ENZL, FXY, GDX, GDXJ, GLD, HYD, IAU, MUB, SHY13:15TALKX Market Briefing: Fed Chair Powell also tempering market's scope of rate-cut hopes?In a speech on the Economic Outlook and Monetary Policy Review given at the Council of Foreign Relations today, Fed Chair Powell said much of what he said last week following the FOMC meeting.In that sense, one could see it as a dovish speech. The problem today perhaps is that Fed Chair Powell's remarks didn't necessarily make it clear that the Fed is inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at the July meeting.That sense of matters is wrapped up in the following two observations made in the speech:"Against the backdrop of heightened uncertainties, the baseline outlook of my FOMC colleagues, like that of many other forecasters, remains favorable, with unemployment remaining near historic lows.""But we are also mindful that monetary policy should not overreact to any individual data point or short-term swing in sentiment."This speech followed on the heels of St. Lois Fed President Bullard saying that he thought a rate cut would be coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.Accordingly, the Powell speech served as another focal point that tempered the market's growing, and pent-up, hope that the Fed would cut by 50 basis points at the July 30-31 meeting. It could still if events, and data, unfold in the interim that suggest such a cut is necessary, but for now, there appear to be some emerging hints in the Fed commentary that suggest the market is probably getting greedy with the expectation that a 50 basis points cut is on the way.13:09SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ABBV (57.23 mln -15.46%), AGN (23.25 mln +26.5%), TEVA (21.69 mln +7.27%), BMY (14.02 mln +0.45%)Materials: GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), GOLD (17.35 mln -2.4%), KGC (14.76 mln -2.78%), HMY (12.99 mln -5.16%)Industrials: GE (20.66 mln -0.68%)Consumer Discretionary: CZR (57.76 mln +2.27%)Information Technology: AMD (29.78 mln -0.38%), NOK (17.49 mln -0.79%), MSFT (15.84 mln -2.75%), MU (14.28 mln +1.27%)Financials: BAC (27.1 mln -0.66%), ITUB (15.37 mln -1.11%), BBD (13.41 mln -1.52%)Energy: CHK (31 mln -4.97%), SWN (13.3 mln -5.57%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: ABBV (11.7x -15.46%), AGN (7.08x +26.5%), XNCR (4.81x +13.29%), ATRS (4.04x +4.97%), ARQL (2.12x +9.89%)Materials: HMY (2.69x -5.16%), NG (2.25x -0.72%)Industrials: JOBS (3.46x -6.48%), DOOR (3.21x +2.21%)Consumer Discretionary: LEN (3.7x -5.74%), ERI (3.7x -3.87%), CZR (2.79x +2.27%), GRUB (2.19x +5.07%)Information Technology: SCSC (2.96x +2.61%)Financials: VMBS (6.89x +0.03%), VCIT (4.42x -0.01%), BHF (4.18x -13.12%), AEF (2.54x -0.27%)Energy: TOO (3.59x -1.72%)Utilities: ENIC (3x +0.84%)13:08SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: AGN (163.9 +26.5%), XNCR (38.37 +13.29%), RUBY (15.11 +10.21%), ARQL (11 +9.89%), TEVA (8.85 +7.27%), ENDP (3.84 +6.96%), DNLI (20.95 +6.72%), RARX (27.94 +6.56%), INO (2.57 +5.99%), PGNX (5.5 +5.36%)Industrials: GBX (28.96 +7.06%), TGI (19.74 +5.9%)Energy: MDR (8.79 +6.93%), LPI (2.9 +5.84%), OIS (17.94 +5.65%), GLOG (13.89 +5.63%)Consumer Staples: USNA (79.15 +9.41%), RAD (6.78 +7.62%), SPTN (11.53 +5.83%), ELF (13.87 +5.8%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ABBV (66.33 -15.46%), EPZM (13.54 -10.48%)Industrials: JOBS (69.66 -6.48%)Consumer Discretionary: RGS (16.56 -6.76%), SCVL (26.5 -5.96%)Information Technology: GTT (18.52 -7.26%), GSKY (12.15 -6.22%), UPLD (44 -6.13%), SHOP (292.83 -6.09%)Financials: BHF (33.12 -13.12%), HIIQ (24.05 -7.96%), JT (4.08 -6.63%)Consumer Staples: DF (0.97 -6.21%)13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.695% (When-Issued: 1.705%) Bid-to-cover: 2.58Indirect bid: 48.5% Direct bid: 24.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stock market trades lower in front of Powell commentsThe S&P 500 is down 0.5%, as shares of technology companies weigh on the broader market. Investors have shown some caution, buying into U.S. Treasuries, in front of an appearance from Fed Chair Powell at the top of the hour.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.9%. The Russell 2000 is up 0.1% after underperforming yesterday.Mr. Powell's position as Fed Chair usually commands the most attention, but the market has taken a leg lower in recent action after St. Louis Fed President James Bullard (FOMC voter) said a half-point cut in the fed funds rate would be too much. Instead, Mr. Bullard prefers a quarter-point cut.Economic data released today has provided some insight into the housing sector and consumer sentiment that has also disappointed investors. New homes sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000), and the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0).Today's action has been largely risk-off, which is being reflected across losses in nine of the 11 S&P 500 sectors. Leading today's retreat are the S&P 500 communication services (-1.4%), information technology (-1.2%), and consumer discretionary (-0.7%) sectors. The materials (+0.1%) and real estate (+0.02%) sectors cling onto slim gains.Home construction company Lennar (LEN 48.33, -3.13, -6.1%) has also contributed to the cautious sentiment after it issued downside Q3 guidance, discouraging investors after it provided positive quarterly results earlier in the day.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space. Allergan (AGN 164.00, +34.41, +26.6%) confirmed it will be acquired by pharmaceutical company AbbVie (ABBV 66.33, -12.12, -15.5%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. With shares of AbbVie currently down over 15%, the deal represents a 37% premium to AGN's closing price on Monday.U.S. Treasuries have advanced, pushing the benchmark 10-yr yield down three basis points to 1.99%, as investors remain cautious about the economic outlook. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 96.21.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index fell to 121.5 in June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) from a downwardly revised 131.3 (from 134.1) in May. The index is at its lowest level since September 2017.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.New home sales declined 7.8% m/m in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 626,000 (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) from an upwardly revised 679,000 (from 673,000) in April.The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.The FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).12:48TALKX Market Briefing: Bullard reins in scope of rate-cut expectationsThe stock market has hit an air pocket, moving to its lows for the session, following comments from St. Louis Fed President Bullard (FOMC voter) who said he sees a rate cut coming in July, but that he doesn't think a 50-basis points rate cut is necessary.This remark caused some knee-jerk selling interest, as there has been a growing belief that the Fed will be inclined to cut the target range for the fed funds rate by 50 basis points at its July 30-31 FOMC meeting. The fact that one of the Fed's biggest doves -- if not the biggest -- is seemingly trying to rein in the market's rate-cut hopes has taken some of that rate-cut premium out of stock prices.As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell has a speaking engagement at 1:00 p.m. ET.The Russell 2000 is down 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.5%; the S&P 500 is down 0.6%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.12:00MSFT Microsoft hit by profit-taking interest (134.79 -2.99)Shares of Dow component Microsoft (MSFT 134.56, -3.22, -2.3%), which is also the largest stock by market capitalization, are underperforming today. That has to do in large part with how the stock has outperformed since June 3.Entering today, Microsoft was up 15% since June 3 (i.e. the day before Fed Chair Powell said the Fed would act appropriately to sustain the expansion) versus a 7.3% gain for the S&P 500 and a 9.2% gain for the Nasdaq Composite.A 15% move in a stock the size of Microsoft is a massive move and left shares of MSFT 21% above their 200-day moving average. The basis for today's selling, then, is a pullback from a short-term overbought condition.That condition was brought to light today by the analyst at Jefferies who raised his price target to $90 from $80, but maintained an Underperform rating and called the stock "materially overvalued."It won't be lost on investors that MSFT has defied the Jefferies view of the stock's prospects in a big way leading into today; nonetheless, with the broader market in a consolidation mode in front of the G-20 summit, the Jefferies view today looks to have served as another profit-taking catalyst.11:45SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -0.27%, FTSE +0.13%, CAC -0.05%---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.03%Germany's DAX: -0.27%U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.13%France's CAC 40: -0.05%Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.73%Spain's IBEX 35: -0.24%11:41SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Xencor (XNCR) rises on addition to S&P SmallCap 600 index -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersXNCR (38.25 +12.92%): Co will take the place of HFF Inc. (HF) in the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 2, upon that company's pending acquisition by Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). At five-month highs. KRYS (45.8 +11.15%): Continued strength following updates from trials of KB103. Co also announced a public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock priced at $40.00/share, for gross proceeds of approx. $100.0 mln. Extends to further all-time highs. USNA (77.05 +6.51%): Designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on July 1, replacing Fidelity Southern (LION) upon its acquisition by by Ameris Bancorp (ABCB).Small Cap LosersFRTA (4.10 -10.20%): Announced that its CEO, Jeff Bradley, has stepped down as CEO and as one of co's directors in order to pursue other opportunities; co has appointed Karl H. Watson, Jr., most recently COO of Summit Materials (SUM), has been appointed to succeed Mr. Bradley. Co also announced the appointment of John McPherson as Lead Director and non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board, a newly created role, and noted that it "continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance" and that it "remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow." At two-month lows.EPZM (13.8 -8.72%): Tracks lower after spiking to a new 52-week high near yesterday's open and after having netted gains of circa +29% last week, bolstered by interim data for tazemetostat.SCOR (6.87 -7.66%): Sees continued weakness, down by circa 17% in the most recent three sessions. News items for co in recent days include its announcement of an agreement with an institutional investor for a $20 mln private placement of common stocks and warrants with potential to increase to approx. $50 mln and its announcement of a strategic partnership with MediaScience to research cross-platform advertising. Recent sector news included LiveRamp's (RAMP) acquisition, announced yesterday, of media measurement company Data Plus Math for a total consideration of $150 mln. Posts all-time lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 2.125% Bid-to-cover: 2.75 Indirect bid: 46.6% Direct bid: 27.2% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.572% Bid-to-cover: 2.63 Indirect bid: 46.3% Direct bid: 15.6%11:20GIS General Mills Fourth Quarter Earnings Preview (53.87 +0.20)General Mills (GIS) will report fourth quarter earnings tomorrow before the open. There is a conference call scheduled for 8:30 ET. Q4 Capital IQ consensus calls for EPS of $0.76 (-4% yr/yr) on revenue of $4.24 bln (+8.8% yr/yr). The company is expected to guide for FY20 where consensus stands at $3.31 (-4.8% yr/yr) and $17.3 bln for revenues (+1.6% yr/yr).Looking back, the company beat on EPS four times in a row, but missed on revenues four times in a row. GIS shares increased 3% following its Q4 results. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, General Mills expects Blue Buffalo's net sales and segment operating profit growth will accelerate meaningfully, driven by significant distribution expansion in the FDM channel. Based on the GIS weekly Jun28 $54 straddle, the options market is currently pricing in a move of ~6% in either direction by weekly expiration (Friday).On a positive report, look for resistance near the $58.00-58.50 area, while support sits near the $49.00-49.50 vicinity.GIS has a market cap of ~$32 bln and trades at ~16x FY20 earnings, a notable discount to the average consumer packaged goods stock at 22x.11:13XPH Pharma is the big winner today after second large M&A deal is announced in as many weeksPharma and biotech stocks are the clear winners in trading this morning. With ABBV announcing today it will acquire AGN just a week after PFE said it will acquire ARRY, there is a lot of excitement in the group. What's notable is that both acquiring companies have blockbuster drugs (ABBV with Humira and PFE with Lyrica) that are soon facing patent expirations. It's clear large pharmas want to restock their portfolios. It's leading to speculation as to which companies may be next.On the other side of the spectrum, China, IT and gold stocks are showing weakness today.10:35SUMRX Morning Commodities: Oil sheds gains, now modestly lower, gold over 1% higherCommodities are higher (+0.5% at 79.88 as measured by the Bloomberg Commodity Index)Dollar index is slightly lower (-0.04% at 95.9420)Looking at energy:Jul WTI crude oil futures are now -$0.08 (-0.1%) at $57.82/barrelIn other energy, Jul natural gas is -$0.4 (-1.9%) at $2.24/MMBtu Moving on to metals:Aug gold is currently +$18.15 (+1.3%) at $1436.35/oz, while Jul silver is +$0.05 at $15.43/ozJul copper is now +$0.03 (+1.0%) at 2.73/lb10:31SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence & New Home Sales miss expectationsEconomic Data Summary:April Case Schiller Home Price Index 0.4% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.5%; March was 2.7% April FHFA Housing Price Index 2.5% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; March was revised to 2.6% from 0.1% June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs Briefing.com consensus of 132.0; May was revised to 131.3 from 134.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects growing concern about trade tensions among consumers that had been previously lacking, but which had been showing up in business confidence surveys. Flagging confidence on the part of businesses and consumers alike, if it is sustained, is an adverse development for the growth outlook.May New Home Sales 626K vs Briefing.com consensus of 683K; April was revised to 679K from 673 The key takeaway from the report is that demand was relatively soft despite a drop in mortgage rates and a 2.8% yr/yr decline in the median sales price of $308,000.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -3.4%) May Durable Orders due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of -0.3%; April was -2.1%) May Durable Orders -- Ex Transportation due out Wednesday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; April was 0.0%) May Advance International Trade in Goods due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was -$72.1 bln) May Advance Retail Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.5%) May Advance Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 8:30 (April was 0.7%)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bostric to speak today at 13:00 ET.Fed's Bullard to speak today at 17:30 ET.The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week.Tuesday: $40 bln in 2 Year Treasury NotesWednesday: $41 bln in 5 Year Treasury NotesThursday: $32 bln in 7 Year Treasury NotesOther International Events of InterestChinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.10:17OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:BHC Jul 24 calls are seeing interest with 4420 contracts trading vs. open int of 100, pushing implied vol up around 16 points to ~52%. Co is currently presenting at a BMO conference. Co is expected to report earnings early August.Puts:HRL Sep 42.5 puts are seeing interest with 4060 contracts trading vs. open int of 10, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~24%. 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings mid-to-late August.Stocks seeing volatility selling:FDS, LEN implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.68, VIX: (15.48, +0.22, +1.4%).July 19 is options expiration -- the last day to trade July equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:10TALKX Market Briefing: Soft start followed by some soft economic dataThe stock market has started to day's session on a soft note. This isn't altogether surprising given the lack of conviction seen in the futures market ahead of the open.At the same time, it isn't all that surprising given that market participants are spying a 1:00 p.m. ET speaking appearance by Fed Chair Powell as a potential market mover and given that the highly-anticipated G-20 summit is sitting on the weekend horizon.Just not much conviction right now on the part of buyers, who have been very active throughout the month of June, which is on track to be the best June for the S&P 500 since 1955!The broader market will be excused, then, for taking a little time to consolidate after a big run. Some disappointing consumer confidence data for June (121.5 vs. 132.0 Briefing.com consensus) and weaker-than-expected new home sales data for May (626K vs. 683K Briefing.com consensus) have also cast a pall on buying efforts.Treasuries, on the other hand, have benefited from the disappointing data. The 10-yr note yield is down three basis points to 1.99%.Separately, the health care space is one of the more actively-traded areas in the stock market today following AbbVie's (ABBV 66.89, -11.56, -14.7%) $63 billion cash-and-stock offer to acquire Allergan (AGN 164.69, +35.12, +27.1%), the maker of Botox.The Russell 2000 is up 0.1%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%; the S&P 500 is down 0.2%; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.10:04AJG Arthur J. Gallagher to purchase a minority stake in Prague-based Renomia a.s.; terms not disclosed (86.87 -0.11)The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019. Renomia is the largest independent broker based in the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region.10:01ECONX June Consumer Confidence 121.5 vs 132.0 Briefing.com consensus10:01ECONX May New Home Sales 626K vs 683K Briefing.com consensus09:47NRZ New Residential Investment 'launched an opportunistic underwritten public offering of Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ' (15.97 )The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for investments and general corporate purposes.09:43OR Osisko Gold Royalties increases previously announced bought-deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares (10.96 -0.49)Osisko Gold Royalties announces that, due to strong demand, Betelgeuse LLC has entered into a revised agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets to increase the size of its previously announced bought deal offering to 7,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per common share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $110,685,000. Osisko will not be receiving any of the proceeds of the secondary offering. Amounts are in Canadian dollars.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Wall Street opens slightly lower amid weakness in financialsThe major averages begin the day slightly lower. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows most holding modest losses. The communication services (-0.5%) and financials (-0.7%) sectors show relative weakness, while the real estate (+0.3%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are the lone sectors trading higher.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.73%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 2.00%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 96.01. WTI crude is up 0.3% to $58.05/bbl.09:28WIRES On The WiresKandi Technologies (KNDI) announced that its JV with Geely Group, Kandi Electric Vehicles Group, has received a national subsidy payment of RMB 876 mln from the Chinese government for sales of new energy vehicles, consisting of RMB 742.8 mln for pure EV sales during 2015 and 2016 and RMB 133.4 mln for partial EV sales in 2017.Progenics Pharm (PGNX) announced that results from studies highlighting the PSMA-targeted imaging agent, PyL, were presented at the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2019 Annual Meeting. The results included data from the company's Phase 2/3 OSPREY trial in men with high risk and metastatic prostate cancer and three presentations from an investigator-sponsored study conducted under the company's PyL Research Access Program that evaluated PyL in men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer. Collectively, the data presented highlights the potential of PyL to detect locally advanced prostate cancer, biochemically recurrent prostate cancer, and metastatic disease. ANI Pharma (ANIP) announced the launch of Ranitidine Capsules, 150mg and 300mg. The current annual US market for this product is approx. $40 mln, according to Iqvia/IMS Health.Tricida (TCDA) announced that The Lancet published online detailed results from its long-term, Phase 3, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial, TRCA-301E, in 196 patients with chronic kidney disease and metabolic acidosis.TILT Biotherapeutics, a company working in the area of enabling tumor T-cell therapies and checkpoint inhibiting antibodies with oncolytic viruses, has entered into an agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt (MKKGY) and Pfizer (PFE) to evaluate its armed oncolytic virus, TILT-123, with avelumab in patients with solid tumors refractory to routine modalities.Halozyme Therapeutics (HALO) announced a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Vaccine Research Center (VRC) enabling the VRC's use of Halozyme's ENHANZE drug delivery technology to develop subcutaneous formulations of broadly neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) against HIV for HIV treatment. The two bnAbs selected for the CRADA are VRC07-523LS and N6LS.Bausch Health (BHC) put in notice to pay down an additional $100 mln of its senior secured term loans this week, using cash generated from operations. After this payment, the company will have eliminated all mandatory amortization for the first quarter of 2020.Dova Pharmaceuticals (DOVA) today announced that the European Commission has granted marketing authorization for DOPTELET (avatrombopag) for the treatment of severe thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo an invasive procedure.09:10WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +1.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -3.50.Much like yesterday, today's opening indication is looking flattish as investors appear content remaining in a wait-and-see mode for G-20. The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, above fair value.Allergan (AGN 169.75, +40.18, +31.0%) and AbbVie (ABBV 70.80, -7.65, -9.7%), meanwhile, have made some noise in a mega-merger deal worth about $63 billion. AbbVie will acquire Allergan for $188.24 per share in cash and stock, or a 45% premium to Allergan's closing price on Monday, but that premium is shrinking in pre-market action as shares of AbbVie trade lower by 9.7%.In housing data, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April increased 0.4% (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) following an unrevised 0.1% increase in March. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April increased 2.5% as expected after increasing a revised 2.6% in March (from 2.7%).09:00ECONX April S&P Case Shiller Home Price Index Yr/Yr +2.5% vs +2.5% Briefing.com consensus08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -0.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -7.40.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%Major European indices trade mostly in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%08:47TRWH Twin River Worldwide commences a modified Dutch auction to purchase shares of its common stock for cash at a price per share of not less than $29.50 nor greater than $33.00 in increments of $0.25 (29.17 )08:42WIRES On The WiresADTRAN (ADTN) has joined the prpl Foundation-an open-source, community-driven, collaborative non-profit foundation that strives to enable the security and interoperability of embedded devices. ADTRAN Subscriber Solutions & Experience CTO, David La Cagnina, will now serve on the prpl Foundation Board of Directors. La Cagnina has been active in prpl through SmartRG, which ADTRAN acquired late last year. ADTRAN increased support for the foundation to further demonstrate commitment to driving the industry toward open, programmable, software-defined access infrastructures.nLIGHT (LASR) announced the introduction of the Corona CFX-8000, the latest high-power fiber laser in the Corona product family. Corona fiber lasers incorporate programmable beam characteristics to bring together the speed and cost advantages of traditional fiber lasers with the superior thick metal cutting of CO2 lasers.Vonage (VG) expanded the reach of its channel partner program with the addition of P2 Communications Management, LLC, a national IT advisory and management firm. With Vonage's fully integrated communications offering, P2 Communications Management can offer its customers a unique combination of applications and programmable communications via APIs to help enhance both employee and customer experiences.Medidata (MDSO) announced that global pharmaceutical company Orion will consolidate all clinical trials on the Medidata Rave Clinical Cloud and expand its use of trial management solutions to support growth of its R&D pipeline.Iteris (ITI) was awarded a two-year contract by the Wyoming Department of Transportation, continuing its support of the state's 511 service and maintaining its position as a market leader in the nationwide traveler information system market, with a 25% share.Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII) received a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for key claims covering the composition and method of manufacturing for Grandevo WDG, an MBI developed microbial-based bioinsecticide.08:37TDOC Teladoc appoints Mala Murthy as CFO; Most recently, Murthy was CFO of the Global Commercial Services Segment of American Express (62.75 )08:32MRTX Mirati Therapeutics prices 2.1 mln common stock offering at $97.00/share (100.75 )08:32ACER Acer Therapeutics receives Complete Response Letter from the FDA regarding its New Drug Application for EDSIVO for the treatment of vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (19.28 )The CRL states that it will be necessary to conduct an adequate and well-controlled trial to determine whether celiprolol reduces the risk of clinical events in patients with vEDS. Acer plans to request a meeting to discuss the FDA's response.08:27WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -1.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -8.50.The S&P 500 futures trade roughly in-line with fair value.Iran is in the news again after it said a diplomatic solution with the U.S. is now closed after President Trump imposed new sanctions yesterday, according to Bloomberg. Tensions have yet to have a meaningful impact on the stock market, but tensions are having a noticeable effect on gold futures, which are up another 0.9% to $1430.30/oz.The precious metal, which tends to rise amid geopolitical uncertainty, is up 9.5% this month. Lower U.S. Treasury yields have also made gold more appealing to investors.Separately, FedEx (FDX 159.92, -0.98, -0.6%) filed a lawsuit against the Commerce Department to stop the government from requiring it to enforce the Huawei Technologies restrictions, according to The Wall Street Journal. On a related note, the economic bellwether will release its earnings report after today's close.08:12SUMRX Gapping up/down: LEN +5% and FDS +2% after earnings, AGN +32% and ABBV -8% after M&A news, PYX +15% after Imperial Capital initiates stock with $71 PT; SHOP -1.5% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:10CHTR Charter Comm to offer $750 mln of senior notes (392.44 )08:10SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/A.M&A news:ABBV -7.7% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Other news:ALDX -22.4% (announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints)AKRX -11.2% (received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018) AAXN -2.1% (will replace MarketAxess Holdings in the S&P MidCap 400)MKTX -1.6% (will replace L3 Technologies in the S&P 500)BYND -1.4% (continued weakness)EQT -1.1% (Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT)Analyst comments:BHF -6.9% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse; tgt lowered to $22)PVTL -3.1% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)SHOP -1.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Wedbush)K -1.4% (downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Consumer Edge Research)TIF -0.5% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Loop Capital)08:09WIRES On The WiresGarmin International, Inc., a unit of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN), announced that Fusion, a Garmin brand and worldwide leader in marine entertainment, has been selected as a supplier of choice for the Independent Boat Builders, Inc. (IBBI), the industry's largest purchasing cooperative. Beginning Model Year 2020, this agreement will give members direct access to Fusion's full line of audio entertainment products through 2024. Comprised of a 19-member network of leading boat brands, IBBI members collectively build nearly 25% of all boats sold in the U.S.Aspen RxHealth announced today that Humana Inc. (HUM) has chosen the company's app-based platform to connect pharmacists with patients to deliver clinical services, including medication therapy management. Covetrus (CVET) announced a new strategic partnership with Heart + Paw, an integrated pet care company that offers comprehensive wellness for animals, including veterinary care, boarding, daycare, grooming and community experiences to pets and their parents. Heart + Paw opened its first center in June 2019 and has significant national growth plans with an initial focus on the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) has received the first order for the new Purion XE Power Series implanter from a leading power device manufacturer. The new Purion XE product line extension will be used in high volume production of power devices supporting automotive, mobile and the IoT market spaces. The system is scheduled to ship in the third quarter. Predictive Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of Predictive Technology Group, Inc. (PRED), a leader in the use of data analytics for disease identification and subsequent clinical intervention through precision therapeutic treatments, announces that data from a study of the genes underlying endometriosis may lead to new pathophysiology insights, improved diagnostics and novel treatment approaches. The study data was discussed in an oral presentation by Kenneth Ward, M.D. at the 2019 European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology annual meeting in Vienna, Austria.08:07SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:LEN +4.6%, FDS +1.9%M&A news:AGN +31.9% (Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock)Select Biotech/pharma stocks trading higher:EOLS +8%, ENDP +4.7%, TEVA +3%, MYL +3%, MNK +2.7%, PRGO +2.2%, IBB +1.1%Other news:NTEC +5.3% (publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients) XNCR +8% (will replace HF in the S&P SmallCap 600)RMBS +4.7% (sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V)) KRYS +4.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share)ARQL +3.4% (prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share)GNFT +2.8% (Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China)NBRV +2.4% (announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin)Analyst comments:PYX +14.9% (initiated with a Outperform at Imperial Capital; tgt $71)GRUB +4.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup)RMTI +3.7% (initiated with Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)CBAY +2.5% (initiated with Buy at Stifel)CMG +1.2% (initiated with an Outperform at Credit Suisse)08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryLonger Tenors Tick HigherU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near yesterday's closing levels. Treasury futures stayed on an upward path during the overnight session, but the market found resistance near highs from Friday. The ensuing pullback ran into support near levels from yesterday, leaving Treasuries with modest gains at this juncture. Yesterday's session was quiet, but today, the market will receive some housing and consumer confidence data while the U.S. Treasury will sell $40 bln in 2-yr notes. Fed Chairman Jay Powell will speak in the early afternoon. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 96.05, seeking its first advance in five days. Yield Check: 2-yr: UNCH at 1.74% 3-yr: UNCH at 1.69% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.75% 10-yr: -1 bp to 2.01% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.54%News: Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence decreased to 97.5 in June from 97.9, hitting a five-month low. Hong Kong's May trade deficit totaled HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). Imports decreased 4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) while exports fell 2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) The new British Prime Minister will be announced on July 23. France's June Business Survey decreased to 102 (expected 104) from 104. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector. Commodities: WTI Crude: -0.4% to $57.68/bbl Gold: +1.0% to $1431.90/ozt Copper: +0.9% to $2.73/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.1385 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2728 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 6.8783 USD/JPY: -0.2% to 107.11 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: April S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%; prior 2.7%) and April FHFA Housing Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.1%) 10:00 ET: June Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 132.0; prior 134.1) and May New Home Sales (Briefing.com consensus 683,000; prior 673,000) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 8:45 ET: New York Fed President (FOMC voter) John Williams 12:00 ET: Atlanta Fed President (non-voter) Raphael Bostic 13:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:01RFL Rafael Holdings enters into an out-licensing agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical (24.00 )Rafael will receive a one-time upfront payment of approximately $12.9 million USD and up to an additional approximately $150.3 million USD if certain development and commercial milestones are achieved. Rafael will also receive low-double digit royalties based on net sales of the Products in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) countries. ONO will have exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products for all indications in ONO's territory. Rafael continuously retains all exclusive rights to develop and commercialize the Products outside of ONO's territory.07:53WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -13.30.U.S. equity futures are slightly lower after a mixed session yesterday, as investors continue to await the G-20 summit at the end of the week. The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.In the meantime, the market will hear from several Fed officials throughout the day with Fed Chair Powell headlining the bunch. Mr. Powell will participate in an interview with The New York Times at 1:00 p.m. ET to discuss the challenges facing the economy and the policies of the Federal Reserve.Separately, there has been a mega-merger deal in the health care space this morning. Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93, +29.2%) confirmed it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a nearly 45% premium to Allergan's closing price from Monday.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April (Briefing.com consensus 2.5%) at 9:00 a.m. ET. The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June (Briefing.com consensus 132.0) and New Home Sales for May (Briefing.com consensus 683,000) will be released at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 2.01%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 96.05. WTI crude is down 0.3% to $57.75/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Allergan (AGN 167.50, +37.93): +29.2% after confirming it will be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV 70.59, -7.86, -10.0%) for about $63 billion, or $188.24 per share, in cash and stock. The deal represents a 43.8% premium to AGN's closing price from Monday. Lennar (LEN 53.98, +2.57): +5.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. FactSet (FDS 302.13, +8.80): +3.0% after beating top and bottom-line estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -1.2%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.9%, India's Sensex +0.8%, South Korea's Kospi -0.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.2%.In economic data:Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%)South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9)Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%)New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)In news:Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus.The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases.Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies.South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.Major European indices trade in negative territory. STOXX Europe 600 -0.1%, Germany's DAX UNCH, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.1%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.5%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.6%.In economic data:U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27)France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104)Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)In news:Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years.The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament.European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.07:51OR Osisko Gold Royalties entered into a bought-deal agreement (11.45 )Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd announces that Betelgeuse LLC, a jointly owned subsidiary of certain investment funds managed by Orion Resource Partners, has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by CIBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets, pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, an aggregate of 6,850,000 common shares of Osisko held by Orion at an offering price of $14.10 per Common Share for total gross proceeds to Orion of $96,585,000.07:37AKRX Akorn received a warning letter from the FDA related to the inspection of its Somerset, New Jersey manufacturing facility in July and August of 2018 --halted-- (4.73 )Douglas Boothe, Akorn's President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "Akorn is committed to resolving the warning letter in a comprehensive and effective manner. Earlier this year, Akorn launched a companywide action plan to improve the timing and effectiveness of our operations, quality systems and compliance enhancement initiatives, with an emphasis on transparency and quality. We believe the execution of this action plan, which has already begun to yield tangible results, will strengthen and further standardize our quality systems across the entire Akorn network."07:32PCRX Pacira Pharma announces that its MAA for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia was validated by the EMA (43.12 )The MAA for EXPAREL is supported by clinical evidence across several surgical indications, including patients undergoing Cesarean section and total knee arthroplasty procedures. In December 2018, the EMA issued a positive opinion for the company's Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) for EXPAREL for postsurgical analgesia.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX UNCH, FTSE -0.1%, CAC -0.1%Major European indices trade in negative territory. Italy's Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio said that the current coalition government will serve its full term and continue for four more years. The comments come amid continued speculation that Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini could force a collapse of the current coalition to capitalize on gains that his party made during the recent election to the European Parliament. European Central Bank Vice President Luis de Guindos said that the effects of negative rates must be watched closely, and that falling growth expectations could weaken the banking sector.In economic data: U.K.'s June CBI Distributive Trades Survey -42 (expected -10; last -27) France's June Business Survey 102 (expected 104; last 104) Spain's May PPI +1.1% yr/yr (last 2.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.1% Germany's DAX: UNCH U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.6%---FX---EUR/USD: -0.2% to 1.1379 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2737 USD/CHF: +0.6% to 0.977107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -0.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.10.07:07WIRES On The WiresOn June 20, 2019, the Board of Directors of Hologic (HOLX) approved the amendment and restatement of the Company's Bylaws to implement proxy access bylaw provisions and to make other non-material changes. The proxy access bylaw provisions permit a shareholder, or a group of up to twenty shareholders, who have held three percent or more of the Company's stock for at least three years, to nominate and include in the Company's annual proxy materials director nominees constituting the greater of twenty percent or two members of the Company's Board of Directors, provided that the shareholders and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Company's Bylaws.IHG (IHG) and Sands China (SCHYY) announced that The Venetian Macao and The Parisian Macao will become InterContinental Alliance Resorts beginning today. In addition, The Londoner Hotel in Macao will join the alliance when it opens in 2020 following the renovation of the current Holiday Inn Macao Cotai Central. IHG and The Venetian Resort Las Vegas also announced the long-term extension of their alliance. The partnership extends through to 2027 at all five properties.Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced that the first patient, who completed the Phase 2 clinical trial ANAVEX2-73-RS-001 voluntarily moved into the extension study and was dosed in the extension study for the treatment of Rett syndrome.Bausch Health Companies Inc. (BHC) and its dermatology business, Ortho Dermatologics, announced that DUOBRII (halobetasol propionate and tazarotene) Lotion, 0.01%/0.045%, will be available commercially to health care professionals starting this week. Linde (LIN) announced today it has signed a long-term agreement with ExxonMobil (XOM) Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. to support the latest multi-billion dollar expansion of the company's integrated manufacturing complex in Singapore. This will be the single largest sale of gas contract in the history of the newly merged Linde and of its legacy companies.07:05FDS FactSet beats by $0.25, beats on revs; raises FY19 EPS guidance; narrows FY19 revenue guidance (293.33 )Reports Q3 (May) earnings of $2.62 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.25 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.37; revenues rose 7.2% year/year to $364.5 mln vs the $359.25 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.ASV plus professional services was $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019. Organic ASV plus professional services was also $1.45 bln at May 31, 2019, up $76.5 mln from the prior year at a growth rate of 5.6%. Organic ASV, which excludes the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, plus professional services, increased $4.5 mln over the last three months.Co issues raised guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $9.80-9.90 from $9.50-9.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $9.61 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $1.42-1.44 bln from $1.41-1.45 bln vs. $1.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:03ARVN Arvinas: FDA has cleared the company's IND for ARV-471 for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic ER positive / HER2 negative breast cancer (21.87 )Arvinas expects to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for ARV-471 in the third quarter of 2019. In preclinical studies, ARV-471 demonstrated near-complete ER degradation in tumor cells, induced robust tumor shrinkage when dosed as a single agent in multiple ER-driven xenograft models, and showed superior anti-tumor activity as a single agent and in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor when compared to a standard of care agent, fulvestrant, dosed as single agent or in combination with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Arvinas believes the differentiated pharmacology of ARV-471, including its iterative degradation activity, has the potential to translate into meaningful clinical benefit for patients.07:02NTEC Intec Pharma announces publication of results from an earlier Phase 2 clinical study of the Accordion Pill-Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's disease patients (4.16 )The article reviews pharmacokinetic and efficacy data from the Company's phase 2, multicenter, open-label, two-way randomized crossover study that evaluated multiple dose strengths of the AP-CD/LD (50/250 mg, 50/375 mg or 50/500 mg) twice daily in one treatment period and an active comparator in the other treatment period. The article presents results from cohorts 1-4 out of the 6 cohorts of PD patients who participated in the study. Pharmacokinetics (PK) and efficacy were evaluated for AP-CD/LD compared with immediate release Carbidopa/Levodopa (IR-CD/LD). Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and patient- and investigator-reported measures were also evaluated. The PK results showed that compared with IR-CD/LD, treatment with either AP-CD/LD dose demonstrated more stable LD plasma concentrations in both fluctuating and non-fluctuating PD patients, and significantly decreased the LD Cmax (57.1% and 66.8% decreases among fluctuating and non-fluctuating patients, respectively).07:01ARQL ArQule prices underwritten public offering of 9.25 mln shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $9.75 per share (10.01 )07:01RMBS Rambus sells token services and ticketing businesses to Visa (V); terms not disclosed (11.55 )The combination of Visa's network tokenization capabilities with the local and account tokenization technology of Rambus will facilitate safer, more secure payments across all forms of global commerce.07:00ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics announces results from noninfectious anterior uveitis SOLACE Trial -- statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints (7.09 )Statistical significance was not achieved for the primary or secondary endpoints, due to high rates of disease resolution in vehicle-treated patients, but activity of reproxalap was consistently greater than that of vehicle. Noninfectious anterior uveitis program to be discontinued. The co plans to prioritize Phase 3 ocular pipeline programs in dry eye disease, allergic conjunctivitis, and proliferative vitreoretinopathy.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -1.2%, Shanghai -0.9%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mostly lower note. Chinese press reported that local government bond issuance could hit a record high in June due to continued stimulus. The Bank of Japan released the minutes from its policy meeting in April, but the text of the minutes was similar to previous releases. Yonhap reported that South Korea's Finance Ministry asked major banks to increase lending to small and medium companies. South Korea's Consumer Confidence hit a five-month low in June.In economic data: Japan's May BoJ Core CPI +0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.6%; last 0.7%). Corporate Services Price Index +0.8% yr/yr (expected 1.1%; last 1.0%) South Korea's June Consumer Confidence 97.5 (last 97.9) Hong Kong's May trade deficit HKD34.70 bln (last deficit of HKD35.10 bln). May Imports -4.3% m/m (last -5.5%) and Exports -2.4% m/m (last -2.6%) New Zealand's May trade surplus NZD264 mln (expected surplus of NZD200 mln; last surplus of NZD383 mln)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -1.2% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.9% India's Sensex: +0.8% South Korea's Kospi: -0.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: UNCH at 6.8792 USD/INR: +0.2% to 69.3606:56S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -16.00.06:56European MarketsFTSE...7399.75...-16.90...-0.20%. DAX...12268.81...-5.80...-0.10%.06:56Asian MarketsNikkei...21194...-92.20...-0.40%. Hang Seng...28186...-327.00...-1.20%.06:55FXI Shanghai... -0.87%06:50MOR MorphoSys names Jean-Paul Kress, M.D. CEO effective September 1 (26.18 )In his new position, Dr. Kress will succeed Dr. Simon Moroney, who had announced his decision not to renew his contract as a member of MorphoSys's Management Board in February 2019 and who will step down as CEO on September 1, 2019. Prior to joining MorphoSys, Dr. Kress served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Syntimmune, now a subsidiary of Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN).06:44AGN Allergan confirms deal to be acquired by AbbVie (ABBV) for approximately $63 bln, or ~$188.24 per share in cash & stock (129.57 )Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, Allergan Shareholders will receive 0.8660 AbbVie Shares and $120.30 in cash for each Allergan Share that they hold, for a total consideration of $188.24 per Allergan Share. The transaction represents a 45% premium to the closing price of Allergan's Shares on June 24, 2019.AbbVie anticipates that the Acquisition will provide annual pre-tax synergies and other cost reductions of at least $2 billion in year three while leaving investments in key growth franchises untouched. The synergies and other cost reductions will be a result of optimizing the research and early stage portfolio, and reducing overlapping R&D resources (~50%), driving efficiencies in SG&A, including sales and marketing and central support function costs (~40%), and eliminating redundancies in manufacturing and supply chain, and leveraging procurement spend (~10%). The synergies estimate excludes any potential revenue synergies.AbbVie is expected to generate significant annual operating cash flow, which will support a debt reduction target of $15 to $18 billion before the end of 2021, while also enabling a continued commitment to Baa2/BBB or better credit rating and continued dividend growth.This transaction is expected to be 10% accretive to adjusted earnings per share over the first full year following the close of the transaction, with peak accretion of greater than 20%. ROIC is expected to exceed AbbVie's cost of capital within the first full year.The companies anticipate closing of the transaction by early 202006:41SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:AGN +35.1%, ALDX +14.9%, XNCR +8%, RMTI +4.7%, LEN +4.1%, NBRV +2.4%, GNFT +2.3%, CBAY +2.2%, ARQL +1.4%Gapping down:ABBV -5%, BYND -3.9%, AAXN -1.2%, MRTX -1.2%, MKTX -1.1%, EQT -1.1%, KRYS -0.5%06:07WIRES On The WiresU.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) announced that it has entered into an agreement with AmeriMex Motor & Controls, LLC., a subsidiary of Industrial Service Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, AmeriMex will provide electric motors exclusively to USWS as it relates to electric hydraulic fracturing.Ctrip (CTRP) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways at the Ctrip Headquarter in Shanghai. This MOU will enable Ctrip to work closely with Tourism Fiji and Fiji Airways on business development and joint promotional activities. This will help to accelerate Fiji's existing marketing activities in China.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Carna Biosciences Inc. announced that the companies have entered into a research and development collaboration to develop and commercialize small molecule compounds in immuno-oncology and to access Carna's proprietary lipid kinase drug discovery platform. Under the terms of the license agreement, Gilead will license from Carna worldwide rights to develop and commercialize inhibitors against an undisclosed immuno-oncology target. In connection with this agreement, Carna will receive an upfront payment of $20 million and is eligible to receive up to an additional $450 million in potential milestone payments upon achievement of certain development and commercial milestones. Carna will also receive royalties on future net sales.Norbord Inc. (OSB) reported that its OSB mill in High Level, Alberta was cleared to restart, and safely resumed normal operations over the weekend. The MacKenzie County mandatory evacuation order and town of High Level evacuation alert were both lifted this afternoon and MacKenzie County remains under an evacuation alert. The curtailment is not expected to materially impact Norbord's second quarter results.ERYTECH Pharma (ERYP) announced that it has entered into an agreement with SQZ Biotechnologies, a cell therapy company developing novel treatments in multiple therapeutic areas, to advance novel RBC-based therapeutics for immune modulation. ERYTECH is eligible to receive up to $57 million in combined upfront and potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for the first product successfully developed by SQZ under this agreement. ERYTECH will also be eligible to receive sales royalties, and up to a total of $50 million in commercial milestone payments related to each additional approved product or approved indication.06:05LEN Lennar beats by $0.16, beats on revs (51.41 )Reports Q2 (May) earnings of $1.30 per share, $0.16 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.14; revenues rose 1.9% year/year to $5.56 bln vs the $5.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:03KRYS Krystal Biotech prices underwritten public offering of 2.5 mln shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $40.00 per share (41.20 )06:01EQT EQT Corp.: Rice Team nominee John McCartney sends letter to EQT shareholders; Urges shareholders to vote for the Rice Team nominees to deliver on the significant value that still exists at EQT (15.38 )06:01WIRES On The WiresTaiwan Liposome Company, Ltd. (TLC) announced the signing of a development and license agreement with Birdie Biopharmaceuticals Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals Corp. Birdie and Seven and Eight Biopharmaceuticals are clinical stage biotech companies focused on the development of immunotherapy to treat cancer.Tilray Inc. (TLRY) announced it has imported medical cannabis oral solutions in bulk into the United Kingdom from its Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)-certified facility in Canada. This export allows Tilray to provide authorized U.K. patients in need with a locally maintained supply of medical cannabis oral solutions.Almirall, S.A. and Dermira, Inc. (DERM) announced that Almirall has exercised its option to license rights to develop and commercialize lebrikizumab for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and certain other indications in Europe. Almirall and Dermira previously entered into an option and license agreement in February 2019 pursuant to which Almirall was granted this exclusive option in exchange for an upfront option fee of $30 million. As a result of Almirall's decision to exercise its option, the company will pay Dermira $50 million, and Dermira will be eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, including $30 million in connection with the initiation of certain Phase 3 clinical studies.Amazon (AMZN) announced that this July, Amazon will provide Prime members worldwide the chance to get epic deals during its longest Prime Day ever. Prime Day starts at midnight PT on Monday, July 15 and -- for the first time ever -- runs for 48 hours, offering members two full days with more than one million deals around the world.Amcor plc (AMCR) announces it has entered into a binding agreement with Kohlberg & Company, for the sale of three former Bemis plants located in the United Kingdom and Ireland for cash consideration of USD 394 million (347 million). Collectively these three plants generate annual sales of approximately USD 170 million from the sale of flexible packaging for certain healthcare products. This divestment was required by the European Commission at the time of approving Amcor's acquisition of Bemis on 11 February 2019.06:00CS Credit Suisse announces the combination of its third party investment fund platform Credit Suisse InvestLab with Allfunds (11.66 )The agreement will create a global fund distribution platform with combined assets under administration of more than CHF 570 bln and distinct distribution competences. The combined business leverages the global wealth management footprint of Credit Suisse and the technological innovation of Allfunds, further enhancing the service offering to asset managers and distributors worldwide.The transaction comprises the transfer of all shares in Credit Suisse InvestLab, including the service agreements, and the related distribution agreements of Credit Suisse to Allfunds Group. As part of this combination, Credit Suisse will become a minority shareholder of up to 18% in the combined business and will be represented at the Board. Going forward, Credit Suisse will utilize the combined business platform to distribute mutual funds and ETFs.Upon the projected closing in Q3 2019, the transaction will have a limited regulatory capital benefit and is expected to result in a 0.5% RoTE uplift for the financial year 2019 for this transaction alone, all other things being equal.06:00BMWYY BMW Group steps up the pace of e-mobility expansion (24.12 )Co says sales of electrified vehicles to climb more than 30% per year up to 2025.Co is adjusting frequency to up the tempo of its electromobility expansion program. The company will now achieve the total of 25 electrified models previously announced for 2025 two years earlier, in 2023. Thanks to flexible vehicle architectures for fully-electric, plug-in hybrid and combustion engine drive trains, the company is able to respond quickly to changing conditions. More than half of the 25 models will be fully electric.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets ease back in early tradeThe global equity markets are off to a slightly weaker start to begin the day. The markets appear to be trading with some caution and profit taking heading into the long awaited G-20 conference later this week. S&P Futures continue to be range bound. The index is trading around 2949, with the overnight high pegged at 2958.25, while the session low sits at 2942.25.In Asia, both China and Japan finished lower. The Shanghai gave up 0.9% that seemed more like profit taking after last week's run higher. There were also reports that President Trump talked down expectations for the G-20 summit. Japanese shares lost ground following media reports that President Trump is mulling a revamp of the long standing peace treaty with Japan, suggesting the state pick up more slack for its defense. Automotive and Export stocks saw weakness with names such as Toyota and Sony both losing 1% on the day. European bourses are doing very little this morning, under very slight pressure in correspondence with the US and Asia.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -1.010 yr Note: 2.02%USD/JPY: 107.09 -0.21EUR/USD: 1.1383 -0.0016Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX -0.1% CAC -0.1%Asia: Hang Seng -1.2% Shanghai -0.9% Nikkei -0.4%Gold (1432.90 +14.70) Silver (15.45 +0.07) Crude (57.91 +0.01)17:44FBK FB Financial to sell its Correspondent Lending channel to Rushmore Loan Management Services; expects the transaction to close early Q3 (35.08 -0.07)In addition to the $1.1 million restructuring expense reported for the first quarter of 2019, FB Financial expects to record additional restructuring charges of up to $1.5 million to cover transaction related expenses, severance and other items related to its mortgage operations. Excluding the impact of the mortgage restructuring charges noted above, FB Financial expects an increase in the operating results from its total mortgage operations in the second quarter of 2019 as compared to the first quarter of 2019. During the quarter the mortgage operations have experienced both strong origination volumes and elevated prepayments in the mortgage servicing rights portfolio.17:38FLR Fluor's Stork with its consortium partners was awarded a 4-year framework agreement for plant turnaround services by Ecopetrol (EC) (31.11 -0.95)The Colombia-based consortium includes Stork as the international lead partner, Rampint as the local partner in Barrancabermeja and Servimant as the local partner in Cartagena. The agreement also includes two extension options for an additional two years each. Both refineries supply fuel to meet Colombia's national and export product needs. Fluor booked the undisclosed contract value in the second quarter of 2019.17:30MDCO The Medicines Co also launched public offering of $150.0 mln of shares of common stock (35.36 -1.04)17:25MDCO The Medicines Co files mixed securities shelf offering (35.36 -1.04)16:54ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics will hold call on June 25 at 8 a.m. Eastern Time to provide top-line results from the SOLACE trial of topical ocular reproxalap in patients with noninfectious anterior uveitis (7.09 -0.34)16:49KRYS Krystal Biotech announces it has commenced $100 mln public offering of common stock; all shares will be sold by the company (41.20 +12.05)16:38ARQL ArQule also commences underwritten public offering of common stock (10.01 -0.48)There can be no assurances as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. Co intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to fund its core clinical programs and for general corporate purposes.16:35EHC Encompass Health makes minority equity investment in MedalogixMedalogix provides predictive analytics and data science for home health and hospice. Medalogix is assisting Encompass Health in preparing for the impending changes to the Patient-Driven Groupings Model, a new home health payment model for Medicare patients expected to take effect January 1, 2020.16:34ARQL ArQule files mixed securities shelf offering (10.01 -0.48)16:33CHS Chico's FAS issues open letter to shareholders announcing additional actions supporting corporate governance (3.32 -0.06)Board of Directors unanimously approves an amendment to company bylaws to opt out of Florida's control share acquisition statute bylaw amendment. This provides voting rights for all Chico's FAS shareholders and eliminates the need for a special meeting as recently requested by Sycamore Partners."To be clear, this bylaw amendment relates solely to voting rights; it does not speak to the merits of, or otherwise advance, Sycamore's unsolicited acquisition proposal, nor does it speak to whether the Company should engage with Sycamore on its proposal. As previously announced, Sycamore's June 19, 2019 proposal is being reviewed by the Board. On this point, we appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders for the Board's decision to reject Sycamore's May 10 acquisition proposal and the confidence expressed in our ability to improve the Company's growth and value creation. We also appreciate the strong support we have received from numerous shareholders over the past weeks for our new operating priorities and the improvements underway in these areas."16:32IBP Installed Building Products announces acquisition of Expert Insulation and Expert Insulation of Brainerd; terms not disclosed (54.29 +0.24)Founded in 1998, Expert Insulation serves the Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota markets through branch locations in Rochester and Brainerd, Minnesota. The company provides fiberglass and spray foam insulation installation services, as well as waterproofing services for commercial, residential, and multi-family customers. The acquisition adds approx. $12.0 mln of annual revenue. The company has also this quarter acquired an insulation installer in Pennsylvania with approx. $3.6 mln in annual revenues.16:28FRTA Forterra appoints Karl H. Watson, Jr. as CEO; reaffirms FY19 outlook (4.56 -0.04)Mr. Watson, who most recently served as EVP and COO at Summit Materials (SUM), succeeds Jeff Bradley, who has stepped down as CEO and a director to pursue other opportunities. The company continues to expect full year 2019 financial results to be in line with its prior guidance, most recently addressed in the company's earnings release for the first quarter of 2019. As stated on May 6, 2019, Forterra anticipates further strengthening in public infrastructure spending, continued positive pricing trends, and stabilizing input costs. The company remains focused on executing commercial and operational initiatives geared toward improving operating margins and cash flow.16:21WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.2% on Monday, finishing near session lows in a day that showed little conviction from investors. With big gains already registered in June and the G-20 summit set to begin at the end of the week, the broader market appeared content trading little changed for most of the session.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.03%) finished fractionally higher, while the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.3%. The Russell 2000 underperformed with a loss of 1.3%.President Trump and President Xi are expected to partake in an extended meeting at G-20, which many see as a potential market-moving event. Although many analysts aren't expecting a swift resolution to the trade dispute this weekend, there is still optimism that progress can be made.It was a mixed session with six S&P 500 sectors finishing lower and five finishing higher. The energy sector (-0.9%) gave back some of its gains from last week, while the consumer discretionary sector (-0.5%) was dragged lower by many stocks within the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT 41.67, -0.65, -1.5%). The materials (+0.5%), consumer staples (+0.3%), and information technology (+0.2%) sectors provided offsetting support.The health care sector (-0.5%) was pressured by the insurance and hospital stocks after President Trump signed an executive order to make health care costs more transparent to patients. Shares of Bristol-Myers (BMY 45.68, -3.66, -7.4%) also underperformed amid a host of negative news, one of which included an announcement that its acquisition of Celgene (CELG 93.47, -5.44, -5.5%) will be pushed back to the end of 2019 or beginning of 2020.On a related note, President Trump signed a separate executive order, hitting Iran with new sanctions after it shot down a U.S. military drone last week. Market reaction was muted, as President Trump already indicated last week that more sanctions were coming.In M&A news, Caesars Entertainment (CZR 11.44, +1.45, +14.5%) confirmed it will be acquired by Eldorado Resorts (ERI 45.77, -5.45, -10.6%) for $12.75/share in cash and stock, or approximately $8.6 billion.U.S. Treasuries finished on a higher note, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.74%, and the 10-yr yield declined five basis points to 2.02%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 96.00 for its fourth consecutive decline. WTI crude increased 0.8% to $57.82/bbl.Investors did not receive any economic data on Monday. On Tuesday, investors will receive New Home Sales for May, the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for June, the FHFA Housing Price Index for April, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for April.Nasdaq Composite +20.7% YTDS&P 500 +17.5% YTDRussell 2000 +13.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +14.6% YTD16:20GNFT Genfit and Terns Pharmaceuticals announce $228 mln strategic partnership for the development and commercialization of elafibranor in Greater China (shares halted) (20.22 +0.02)Terns will have the rights to develop and commercialize elafibranor, GENFIT's proprietary compound, in Greater China, for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Under the terms of the licensing agreement, GENFIT will receive an upfront payment from Terns of $35 mln and will be eligible to receive up to $193 mln in potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments. Terns obtains the exclusive rights to develop, register, and market elafibranor in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan for both NASH and PBC. Upon commercial launch of elafibranor for the treatment of NASH in Greater China, GENFIT will be entitled to receive mid-teen percentage royalties from Terns based on sales in the territory. The two companies will also collaborate on research and development moving forward in NASH and PBC.16:17IART Integra promotes Glenn Coleman to COO and appoints Carrie Anderson as CFO, effective June 24 (53.24 -0.05)Mr. Coleman most recently served as CFO and corporate vice president, responsible for Integra's international business. The role of COO is a newly-created position at the company. Ms. Anderson most recently served as chief accounting officer and corporate controller at Dover Corporation (DOV).16:17EZPW EZCORP acquires seven pawn stores in Nevada operating under "Metro Pawn" banner (9.41 +0.30)Co announces that it has completed the acquisition of seven pawn stores in Nevada, bringing the company's total store count in the state to 24. The acquired stores, operating under the name "Metro Pawn," include five stores in the Reno area, representing the company's entry into the Las Vegas area, giving the company a total of 19 stores in that market.The acquisition was completed earlier today, and the purchase price was paid in cash.16:13STRO Sutro Biopharma appoints retired Biogen Idec (BIIB) EVP Connie Matsui as Chairman (11.68 -0.19)16:11GNFT Genfit trading halted, news pending (20.22 +0.02)16:11EVFM Evofem Biosciences files for 13,888,891 share common stock offering by holders including 2,777,779 shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants (6.67 -0.26)16:04NBRV Nabriva Therapeutics announces European Medicines Agency validation of Marketing Authorization Application for IV and oral formulations of lefamulin (2.10 -0.11)The EMA has determined that the company's MAA for intravenous and oral formulations of lefamulin, a potentially first-in-class, semi-synthetic pleuromutilin antibiotic for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia in adults 18 years of age and older, is valid. Validation of the MAA confirms that the submission is sufficiently complete to begin the formal review process. An opinion of the EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use is anticipated in the next 12 to 15 months.16:04GLDD Great Lakes Dredge & Dock announces receipt of dredging awards totaling $91 mln (10.51 -0.38)The scope of work for the coastal protection projects includes nourishment of beachfronts with sand excavated from off-shore borrow which is then used to rebuild dunes and restore the shorelines eroded by winter storms.The projects will be executed in the second half of 2019 and into 2020 and will be performed by hopper dredges with a minimal disruption to the local communities with a view to increasing the resilience of our coastal environments to challenges from rising sea levels.16:01MRTX Mirati Therapeutics commenced underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock (100.75 -0.69)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: June 26, 2019End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 38 of 571Trump, First Lady Meeting Members of the Royal Household This Morning; DOJ Reportedly Exploring Antitrust Probe of Google; China, Mexico Signal Willingness To S....  Page 40 of 571BLINDFOLD BIG BROTHER: WE NEED A GLOBAL RIGHT TO PRIVACY IN PUBLIC SPACES  Page 42 of 571REPORT: PHILIPPINE FOREIGN OFFICE WARNED OF USING CHINESE TECH GIANT HUAWEI  Page 44 of 571The Game of Thrones finale didn't air in China. Some fans are blaming the trade war  Page 47 of 571CHINA BARS AUSTRALIAN COAL IN POLITICAL RIFT  Page 49 of 571Global hacking of telecom operators shows links to China  Page 51 of 571The Achilles heel of the latest technology  Page 54 of 571Scientists with ties to China ousted from US cancer center amid fears of foreign influence  Page 57 of 571Scientists with ties to China ousted from US cancer center amid fears of foreign influence  Page 60 of 571CHINESE ARTIST MENTIONS TIANANMEN MASSACRE ANNIVERSARY IN AWARD SPEECH  Page 63 of 571Rep. Spanberger Leads Introduction of Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect Telecommunications Infrastructure  Page 66 of 571SPANBERGER LEADS INTRODUCTION OF BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY THREATS  Page 68 of 571Tencent-Backed WeDoctor Scraps International Listing for Shanghai  Page 70 of 571China is ramping up trade-war tensions after Trump's tariff threat, saying it will 'fight to the end'  Page 72 of 571Human Rights Watch: Blindfold Big Brother - We Need a Global Right to Privacy in Public Spaces  Page 74 of 571Microsoft collaborated with Chinese military university. Experts warn of risks  Page 76 of 571Why is the United States concerned about 5G?  Page 79 of 571TRUMP IS RIGHT TO BATTLE CHINA ON TRADE, BUT NOW COMES THE HARD PART  Page 94 of 571Interview with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin; Interview with President. Donald J. Trump about the Border Crisis; Kids II Recalls Rocking Sleepers after Five....  Page 97 of 571Americans teach English to Chinese kids, from home  Page 100 of 571Microsoft accused of being 'complicit' in persecution of 1 million Muslims after helping China develop sinister AI capabilities  Page 102 of 571DHS warns of 'strong concerns' that Chinese-made drones are stealing data  Page 104 of 571DHS warns of 'strong concerns' that Chinese-made drones are stealing data  Page 107 of 571NEW PLATFORM TO CHANNEL LESSONS FROM CHINA'S NEW SILK ROAD  Page 109 of 571DIRECTOR ADDRESSES COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  Page 113 of 571Xi Jinping is determined to end all poverty in China by 2020. Can he do it?  Page 117 of 571Xi Jinping is determined to end all poverty in China by 2020. Can he do it?  Page 119 of 571A grim preview of a trade war takes shape  Page 121 of 571A grim preview of a trade war takes shape  Page 123 of 571PENTAGON WARNS OF CHINESE MILITARY SPYING  Page 125 of 571Former top US generals issue 'grave' warning to ban Chinese tech  Page 127 of 571Former top US generals issue 'grave' warning to ban Chinese tech  Page 129 of 571China mum on Trump-Xi meeting as Huawei says sales slowing  Page 131 of 571China mum on Trump-Xi meeting as Huawei says sales slowing  Page 133 of 571Sen. Hawley Introduces Bill to Stop the Chinese Military's Acquisition of Sensitive American Technology  Page 135 of 571SEN. HAWLEY INTRODUCES BILL TO STOP THE CHINESE MILITARY'S ACQUISITION OF SENSITIVE AMERICAN TECHNOLOGY  Page 137 of 571Alibaba Planning $20 Billion Hong Kong Listing Amid China US IPO Questions - RPT  Page 139 of 571USTR Adds China's Third-Largest E-Commerce Platform To List Of "Notorious Markets."  Page 141 of 571Rep. Rooney Cosponsors Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G Strategy, Protect U.S. Telecommunications Infrastructure From National Security Threats  Page 143 of 571ROONEY COSPONSORS BIPARTISAN BILL TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY THREATS  Page 145 of 571United States fears growth of China's Huawei  Page 147 of 571China criticizes US measures against Huawei and warns that it will protect its companies  Page 149 of 571Senators question how to roll out 5G without Chinese technology  Page 163 of 571Wyclef Jean on Women in the Music Business and the Revolution of Music; President Donald Trump Suggests He Could Consider Demoting Federal Reserve Chairman Jay ....  Page 170 of 571State Department Issues Press Briefing With Deputy Assistant Secretary Strayer  Page 177 of 571TELEPHONIC PRESS BRIEFING WITH DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY ROBERT STRAYER CYBER AND INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS AND INFORMATION POLICY BUREAU OF ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS ....  Page 179 of 571HOTELS IN CHINESE CITIES NEAR NORTH KOREAN BORDER FORCED TO BLOCK ACCESS TO SOUTH KOREAN TV  Page 196 of 571After a Record-Breaking Year in 2018, Herbalife Nutrition Reports Highest First Quarter Volume Points in Company History  Page 198 of 571China already has ready plan to counterattack US with rare metals  Page 200 of 571China handles Tiananmen anniversary with usual silence  Page 216 of 571Trump Warning Iran Via Oman That An Attack Was Imminent, Wanted Talks; FAA Bars U.S. Carriers From Flying over Iran Amid Tensions; WeWork Facing Lawsuit For Gen....  Page 218 of 571'Unreliable entity': China may blacklist FedEx amid Huawei row  Page 220 of 571Telegram blames China for  powerful DDoS attack  during Hong Kong protests  Page 222 of 571China challenges United States after ban on Huawei  Page 225 of 571China Warns US And Reassures Foreign Firms After Huawei Blacklisting  Page 227 of 571Why Chinese influence is unlikely to be a hot topic in the next Australian election  Page 229 of 571Why Chinese influence is unlikely to be a hot topic in the next Australian election  Page 231 of 571Sources: Trump Delayed Action Against Huawei Until China Trade Talks Stalled  Page 233 of 571No iPhone, no KFC, no Disneyland: Chinese firm bans workers from buying US goods, travel to USA  Page 236 of 571SCHUMER: CHINESE STATE-OWNED COMPANY IS SELLING TRAIN CONTROL, WI-FI AND OTHER TECH EQUIP TO AMERICAN SUBWAY SYSTEMS AND WORKING WITH THE MTA;  Page 239 of 571Schumer: Chinese State-Owned Company is Selling Train Control, Wi-Fi, Tech Equip to American Subway Systems, Working With MTA  Page 253 of 571Apple CEO Tim Cook Denies Company is A Monopoly; Xbox Body Wash; Apple Updates Guidelines for Kids' Apps  Page 255 of 571APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail tech  Page 257 of 571APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail tech  Page 259 of 571APNewsBreak: Schumer calls for probe of Chinese rail tech  Page 261 of 571China's Rare Earth Threats Drive Home a Basic Fact About the Trade War  Page 263 of 571Reps. Mark Green and Henry Cuellar Introduce Bill to Stop Chinese Military's Acquisition of Sensitive American Technology  Page 265 of 571REPS. MARK GREEN AND HENRY CUELLAR INTRODUCE BILL TO STOP CHINESE MILITARY'S ACQUISITION OF SENSITIVE AMERICAN TECHNOLOGY  Page 268 of 571GRASSLEY OP-ED: IOWA NOT IMMUNE TO FOREIGN THREATS TO TAXPAYER-FUNDED RESEARCH  Page 270 of 571US CHARGES 2 CHINESE ENGINEERS WITH STEALING TRADE SECRETS  Page 272 of 571FAMILY WORRIED ETHIOPIAN WOMAN DETAINED IN CHINA FACES DEATH PENALTY  Page 275 of 571RIGHTS GROUP DETAILS HOW CHINA USES A MOBILE APP TO SPY ON UYGHURS  Page 277 of 571FedEx confirms Huawei mail ban as new 'mistake' reignites Chinese ire  Page 280 of 571O'HALLERAN JOINS BIPARTISAN GROUP TO INTRODUCE LEGISLATION TO BUILD NATIONAL 5G STRATEGY, PROTECT U.S. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE FROM NATIONAL SECURITY ....  Page 282 of 571USA Launches Alert for Possibility of Chinese Drones Spying for Beijing  Page 284 of 571China seeks to reassure Europe at Croatia summit  Page 286 of 571China seeks to reassure Europe at Croatia summit  Page 289 of 571'I'm not backing down this time': Chinese dissident artist Badiucao reveals his identity  Page 291 of 571Trump reportedly may blacklist Chinese surveillance giant Hikvision, indicating the trade war is shifting from sweeping tariffs to direct attacks. That has trad....  Page 297 of 571Global and China $578 Bn Integrated Circuit Industries Markets, 2014-2018 & 2019-2023  Page 300 of 571Global and China Integrated Circuit Industries Report 2019-2023: Impact of the Sino-U.S. Trade War on the Integrated Circuit Industry  Page 302 of 571Huawei denies conducting research for the Chinese military  Page 304 of 571Huawei phone sales sinking out of China since US blacklisted  Page 306 of 571Chinese students face delays as U.S. checks applicants  Page 308 of 571China Cuts Taxes To Enourage Chip Makers In Face Of US Pressure  Page 310 of 571CRU: Chinese Coke Capacity to Fall in the Coming Decade  Page 313 of 571Hong Kong bill in U.S. Congress is urgent, activist says  Page 315 of 571Chinese Tech Giant Aims at Growing Health Sector Globally - QTC Care Closed 7 Million USD Investment  Page 318 of 571China ratchets up anti-US rhetoric with old war films and travel alerts  Page 321 of 571China ratchets up anti-US rhetoric with old war films and travel alerts  Page 323 of 571Trump planning more restrictions on tech exports to China  Page 325 of 571Huawei phone sales sink out of China by U.S. pressure  Page 327 of 571Tesla promotes lower priced China-made Model 3  Page 357 of 571Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ET  Page 392 of 571Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ET  Page 427 of 571Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ET  Page 463 of 571Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 19:00 ET  Page 499 of 571Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 20:00 ET  Page 535 of 571Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 21:00 ET  Page 571 of 571Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 22:00 ET  