Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 1:33:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142628552Documents (41)1. Global Laser Photomask Market Growth, Trends and Forecasts (2019-2024) - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20192. Sasse: 2020 candidates need to know what's 'beyond the pale' with hacked materialsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20193. Sasse: 2020 candidates need to know what's 'beyond the pale' with hacked materialsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20194. U.K.'s Theresa May will ban Huawei from 5G network coresClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20195. DOD DEVELOPS SECURE 5G MOBILE TELECOMMUNICATION NETWORK STRATEGYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20196. DOD DEVELOPS SECURE 5G MOBILE TELECOMMUNICATION NETWORK STRATEGYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20197. Fast, Reliable, and SecureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20198. Microsoft denied police facial recognition tech over human rights concernsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 20199. Micron To Report Amid Recovery Worries, Builder Stalks Buy Point: Investing Action PlanClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201910. ETF Preview: ETFs, Futures Lower, Weighed by Persistent US-China Trade War Worries as Google Restricts Huawei Access to AndroidClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201911. Global In-Wheel Motor Market Analysis & Outlook (2017-2026) - ResearchAndMarkets.comClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201912. The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against USClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201913. The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against USClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201914. The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against USClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201915. 2019 APME awards honor AP journalists for powerful storiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201916. 2019 APME awards honor AP journalists for powerful storiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201917. On Eve of 5G Rollout, FINITE STATE Report Finds Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities Embedded Within Huawei DevicesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201918. Robbins Arroyo LLP: NIO Inc. (NIO) Sued for Securities ViolationsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201919. Apple Announces New Recycling Lab in AustinClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201920. ICC Makes Strategic Investment in Disruptive Biosynthesis Research -- CFN MediaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201921. International Cannabis Completes Strategic Investment Into Pioneering Biosynthesis Cannabinoid Company; Formed by Leading Group of MIT/Harvard Healthcare ProfessionalsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201922. International Cannabis Completes Strategic Investment Into Pioneering Biosynthesis Cannabinoid Company; Formed by Leading Group of MIT/Harvard Healthcare ProfessionalsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201923. Apple Will Come to Regret Promoting Itself as a Protector of ConsumersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201924. Siltronic Lowers Full Year Sales Guidance, Blames Geopolitical UncertaintiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201925. Sustainability Journal Issues 344 Research Articles in Part 1 of April 2019 EditionClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201926. LONDON MARKET PRE-OPEN: Bunzl Growth Slows; SEGRO Starts 2019 WellClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201927. Stocks fall as Huawei ban prompts sell-off in chipmakersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201928. Crude Oil Futures Settle Modestly HigherClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201929. Lawmakers applaud Google for revoking Huawei s Android licenseClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201930. What are they and who produces the 17 "rare earths" used to make cell phones, computers and enginesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201931. Panasonic says has not stopped supplies to Huawei, still investigatingClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201932. Huawei has been building a Play Store alternative in plain sightClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201933. UPDATE: Google Confirms Huawei Block To "Comply With US Order"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201934. Google has suspended Huawei phones from using AndroidClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201935. Google severs Huawei access to Android softwareClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201936. European Markets Likely To Open On Positive NoteClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201937. TOP NEWS SUMMARY: Ryanair Annual Profit Falls; Unveils Share BuybackClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201938. LONDON MARKET MIDDAY: Airline Stocks Dip; Another Setback For HuaweiClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201939. Swiss Market Ends Notably Lower On Trade War WorriesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201940. European Stocks End HigherClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 201941. ETF Preview: ETFs, Futures Cautiously Higher on Temporary Exceptions to Huawei Export BanClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Apr 01, 2019 to Jun 30, 2019

Global Laser Photomask Market Growth, Trends and Forecasts (2019-2024) - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireMay 24, 2019 Friday 2:09 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business EditorsLength: 972 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "Global Laser Photomask Market Growth, Trends and Forecasts (2019-2024)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The laser photomask market is expected to record a CAGR over 2% over the forecast period (2019-2024).A photomask is a fused silica plate, covered with a pattern of opaque, transparent, and phase-shifting areas that are projected onto wafers in the lithography process to define the layout of one layer of an integrated circuit.• As transistors have become smaller and smaller, photomasks have become more complex, to transfer the pattern to silicon wafers accurately. The process of creating photomasks has become correspondingly more advanced, as even slight defects in a photomask can impact the silicon device's performance.• Verifying that a photomask pattern is defect-free is very critical, especially in the case of high-revenue earning chips. Each chip is the end product in the semiconductor lithography process, with an integral part being the optical lithography that is enabled by a light source. The sources of light used for these photomasks are deep ultraviolet (DUV) and extreme ultraviolet (EUV) light sources.• With the growing demand for semiconductors with even higher performance for applications, such as big data analysis, artificial intelligence, and the commercialization of driverless car technology, EUV exposure is garnering attention as a next-generation semiconductor manufacturing technology. This trend has significantly driven the production of effective photomasks. Toppan in 2016 developed a next-generation EUV photomask for leading-edge semiconductors. The new photomask minimizes unwanted reflections of light to peripheral sections during EUV exposure, emerging as a next-generation semiconductor manufacturing technology.Key Market TrendsIncreasing Use of Electronic Devices• The demand for electronic devices, such as tablets, smartphones, and phablets, among others are increasing at a rapid rate. A rise in demand for these devices has been growing especially in the developing countries, such as India, China, and other countries.• Factors, such as an increase in disposable income and emerging middle class, are propelling the demand for these devices even further.• The aforementioned electronics devices are powered by integrated circuits (microchips); a photomask contains the pattern of an integrated circuit and is used for manufacturing them.Asia-Pacific is Expected to Hold a Significant Share• Asia-Pacific countries are the leading regions in the semiconductor industry. China and South Korea are the leading countries in the photomask market. These countries are the home to most of the key electronics manufacturing companies.• Additionally, China is witnessing a massive demand for semiconductor components, especially integrated chips. The Chinese government has also done some changes in its policy to encourage the development of the domestic semiconductor industry.• Moreover, trade fairs also contribute significantly to the growth of the region in the market. Photomask Japan is an international symposium and technical exhibition on photomasks and lithography in Japan. The symposium aims to bring together engineers and investigators from all over the world in the field of photomasks, NGL masks, and related technologies to discuss recent progress, applications, and future trends.Competitive LandscapeThe laser photomask market is highly competitive and consists of several major players. Many companies are increasing their market presence by introducing new products or by entering into strategic mergers and acquisitions.• October 2018 - Heidelberg Instruments launched the ULTRA Semiconductor Laser Mask Writer, the most economical solution for the production of photomasks with 150 nm design node. With its high throughput, minimum feature size, excellent overlay, 2nd layer alignment, and CD uniformity, ULTRA is ideal to address diverse applications in the semiconductor industry.• March 2018 - Orbotech Ltd and KLA-Tencor Corporation entered into an agreement, according to which KLA-Tencor may acquire Orbotech to diversify KLA-Tencor Corporation revenue base significantly. This agreement sets out to address the market opportunity in the high-growth printed circuit board, flat panel display, and semiconductor manufacturing areas.Key Topics Covered1 INTRODUCTION1.1 Study Deliverables1.2 Study Assumptions1.3 Scope of the Study2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY3 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY4 MARKET DYNAMICS4.1 Market Overview4.2 Introduction to Market Drivers and Restraints4.3 Market Drivers4.3.1 Increasing Use of Electronic Devices4.3.2 Advent of Technologies, such as Big Data and AI4.4 Market Restraints4.4.1 Complexity in Fabrication4.5 Industry Attractiveness - Porter's Five Forces Analysis5 TECHNOLOGY SNAPSHOT5.1 Technology Overview5.2 Trade Type5.2.1 Captive5.2.2 Merchant6 MARKET SEGMENTATION6.1 By Photomask Type6.1.1 Reticles6.1.2 Masters6.2 Geography6.2.1 North America6.2.2 Europe6.2.3 Asia-Pacific6.2.4 Latin America6.2.5 Middle East & Africa7 COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE7.1 Company Profiles7.1.1 KLA-Tencor Corporation7.1.2 Applied Materials Inc.7.1.3 Photronics Inc.7.1.4 Nippon Filcon Co. Ltd.7.1.5 Compugraphics7.1.6 Toppan Printing Co. Ltd.7.1.7 SK-Electronics Co. Ltd.7.1.8 Hoya Corporation7.1.9 LG Innotek Co. Ltd.7.1.10 Taiwan Mask Corporation8 INVESTMENT ANALYSIS9 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES AND FUTURE TRENDSFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/rh5cynView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190524005207/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900Related Topics: Semiconductor ,            Lasershttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: May 25, 2019End of Document

Sasse: 2020 candidates need to know what's 'beyond the pale' with hacked materialsCNN.comMay 1, 2019 Wednesday 6:12 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICSLength: 372 wordsByline: By Donie O'Sullivan, CNNDateline: New York BodyThe Department of Justice should provide "clarity" to 2020 campaigns on laws around campaign staff interactions with foreign officials, Sen. Ben Sasse said Wednesday."I think it would be helpful for us to have a shared understanding as we head into the 2020 election, of what campaign operatives should well understand is beyond the pale," the Nebraska Republican said during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing with Attorney General William Barr.Sasse said he believed that he doesn't think "campaigns really understand what the laws are" with receiving or using hacked materials. Sasse offered an example of the Chinese government potentially hacking 2020 candidates and noted that campaigns needed clarity from DOJ on how they should react.Sasse also asked Barr if campaigns should receive regular counterintelligence briefings about the risk of foreign intelligence services seeking to have influence over candidates and campaigns."Absolutely," Barr replied.The attorney general then elaborated, saying he believed the threat from "China, Russia and so forth is far more insidious than the past" and that most people are "unaware of how pervasive it is and what the risk level is."Further, Barr said, the risk extends beyond campaigns and more people involved in government should be educated on the issue.Last week, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee wrote to his Republican National Committee counterpart asking Republicans to refrain from engaging in the "weaponization of stolen private data in our electoral process."In the letter to the RNC's Ronna McDaniel, DNC Chairman Tom Perez pointed to a claim last month by President Donald Trump's attorney Rudy Giuliani in which he said there is "nothing wrong with taking information from Russians."Perez described this as an "affront" to American democracy."I urge you to join me in condemning the weaponization of stolen private data in our electoral process," Perez wrote.A RNC spokesperson, quoting McDaniel, said, "Any breach of our political organizations -- regardless of party -- is an affront to all of us, and we should come together as Americans to prevent it from ever happening again. It's important we do all we can to safeguard our future elections."Load-Date: May 2, 2019End of Document

Sasse: 2020 candidates need to know what's 'beyond the pale' with hacked materialsCNN WireMay 1, 2019 Wednesday 10:12 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 389 wordsByline: By Donie O'Sullivan, CNNDateline: NEW YORK (CNN) BodyNEW YORK (CNN) --  The Department of Justice should provide "clarity" to 2020 campaigns on laws around campaign staff interactions with foreign officials, Sen. Ben Sasse said Wednesday."I think it would be helpful for us to have a shared understanding as we head into the 2020 election, of what campaign operatives should well understand is beyond the pale," the Nebraska Republican said during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing with Attorney General William Barr.Sasse said he believed that he doesn't think "campaigns really understand what the laws are" with receiving or using hacked materials. Sasse offered an example of the Chinese government potentially hacking 2020 candidates and noted that campaigns needed clarity from DOJ on how they should react. Sasse also asked Barr if campaigns should receive regular counterintelligence briefings about the risk of foreign intelligence services seeking to have influence over candidates and campaigns. "Absolutely," Barr replied.The attorney general then elaborated, saying he believed the threat from "China, Russia and so forth is far more insidious than the past" and that most people are "unaware of how pervasive it is and what the risk level is." Further, Barr said, the risk extends beyond campaigns and more people involved in government should be educated on the issue. Last week, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee wrote to his Republican National Committee counterpart asking Republicans to refrain from engaging in the "weaponization of stolen private data in our electoral process."In the letter to the RNC's Ronna McDaniel, DNC Chairman Tom Perez pointed to a claim last month by President Donald Trump's attorney Rudy Giuliani in which he said there is "nothing wrong with taking information from Russians."Perez described this as an "affront" to American democracy."I urge you to join me in condemning the weaponization of stolen private data in our electoral process," Perez wrote.A RNC spokesperson, quoting McDaniel, said, "Any breach of our political organizations -- regardless of party -- is an affront to all of us, and we should come together as Americans to prevent it from ever happening again. It's important we do all we can to safeguard our future elections."TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: May 2, 2019End of Document

U.K.'s Theresa May will ban Huawei from 5G network coresFierceWirelessApril 24, 2019Copyright 2019 Questex Media Group LLC All Rights ReservedSection: ARTICLELength: 389 wordsByline: Kendra ChamberlainHighlight: Huawei will still be able to supply noncore products to carriers building out 5G networks.BodyU.K. Prime minister Theresa May has decided to ban Huawei from supplying gear for core components of 5G networks in the U.K., according to news first reported by the Daily Telegraph. The decision followed a meeting between ministers on the National Security Council (NSC), amid increasing global concerns over possible security threats China-based Huawei may pose to countries' critical infrastructure.U.K. media reports indicate that Huawei will still be able to supply noncore products to carriers building out 5G networks, but that several ministers on the NSC argued in favor of a complete ban of Huawei gear in light of cybersecurity concerns.The U.K. has been monitoring Huawei's cybersecurity protocols since 2010, when the Huawei cybersecurity evaluation center (HCSEC) was formed. The HCSEC oversight board was later established in 2014, and has released five annual reports to date on Huawei security.RELATED: U.K. says Huawei equipment has major security flawsThe latest report found that despite numerous security concerns identified in the 2018 report, Huawei has made “no material progress” in addressing those issues. It also stated that it “has not yet seen anything to give it confidence in Huawei's capacity to successfully complete the elements of its transformation program that it has proposed as a means of addressing these underlying defects.”The decision may put some of the U.K. operators in a bind, as they begin to build out their respective 5G networks. Wireless carriers O2 and Three are currently testing 5G network equipment with Huawei, while Vodafone has said it will pause 5G tests with Huawei until further notice.David Dyson, CEO of Three, has warned that a ban on Huawei gear would delay the operator's rollout of 5G. “We've already started to deploy equipment for when we launch 5G in the second half of the year,” Dyson told BBC in an interview earlier this year. “So if we had to change vendor now, we would take a big step backwards and probably cause a delay of 12 to 18 months.”Wireless carrier EE and its parent company BT have barred Huawei products from 5G deployments.The U.S. government has led the charge against Huawei, lobbying its allies to ban the equipment maker in light of concerns that Huawei could possibly allow the Chinese government backdoor access to critical infrastructure.Load-Date: April 30, 2019End of Document

DOD DEVELOPS SECURE 5G MOBILE TELECOMMUNICATION NETWORK STRATEGYStates News ServiceMay 10, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 477 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the United States Army:BY Dave VergunThe Defense Department is developing a secure 5G mobile telecommunication network strategy, the undersecretary of defense for acquisition and sustainment said during a Pentagon news conference today.Pentagon BriefingUnder Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment Ellen M. Lord speaks to reporters during a briefing at the Pentagon, May 10, 2019.Ellen M. Lord addressed a range of topics, including advanced wireless systems, such as 5G. Why This Is Important1A 5G network would be 100 times faster than current networks.2A 5G network would be more resilient and less susceptible to attacks.3A 5G network would dramatically improve military communication and situational awareness.Importance of CybersecurityNetwork TrafficTexas Army National Guard Sgt. Michael Russel analyzes network traffic during exercise Cyber Shield 19 at Camp Atterbury, Ind. April 7, 2019.Discussions are ongoing with the nation's allies and partners regarding the critical importance of secure networks to national security and military-to-military interoperability. Malicious activities by China are a serious and growing concern. For example, China is attempting to erase research and development gains by the U.S. in cybersecurity and other areas critical to national security. One way they do this is by investing in U.S. companies with defense-critical technologies in order to extract information. The other concern regarding China is its employment of 5G through companies that answer to the Chinese government, such as ZTE and Huawei. While DOD proscribes procurement from these companies, allies and partners who choose to do so are likely to end up with vulnerable systems. Industrial Base VulnerabilitiesCyber CourseStudents of cyber operations study their course materials during exercise Cyber Shield 18 at Camp Atterbury, Ind., May 8, 2018.DOD is tightening its requirements that the supply chain including subcontractors maintain cybersecurity and produce systems that are hardened against cyber attacks. The department is particularly interested in small- to medium-sized companies that are incubators of innovations. Many of these companies do not have the resources to stand up robust cybersecurity safeguards. DOD will work with these companies by offering them a secure cloud environment in which to work.Cyber ShieldPennsylvania Air National Guard Staff Sgt. Christian Axenie conducts network surveillance during exercise Cyber Shield 19 at Camp Atterbury, Ind. April 7, 2019. Portions of this image have been blurred for security purposes.DOD will also soon stand up an organization called the Trusted Capital Marketplace, a public-private partnership that pairs private capital with small and medium innovative companies that promise to deliver critical emerging technologies.Load-Date: May 11, 2019End of Document

DOD DEVELOPS SECURE 5G MOBILE TELECOMMUNICATION NETWORK STRATEGYUS Fed NewsMay 10, 2019 Friday 11:29 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 386 wordsBodyWASHINGTON, May 10 -- The U.S. Department of Defense issued the following news release:The Defense Department is developing a secure 5G mobile telecommunication network strategy, the undersecretary of defense for acquisition and sustainment said during a Pentagon news conference today.Ellen M. Lord addressed a range of topics, including advanced wireless systems, such as 5G.WHY THIS IS IMPORTANT1. 5G network would be 100 times faster than current networks.2. A 5G network would be more resilient and less susceptible to attacks.3. A 5G network would dramatically improve military communication and situational awareness.IMPORTANCE of CybersecurityDiscussions are ongoing with the nation's allies and partners regarding the critical importance of secure networks to national security and military-to-military interoperability.Malicious activities by China are a serious and growing concern. For example, China is attempting to erase research and development gains by the U.S. in cybersecurity and other areas critical to national security. One way they do this is by investing in U.S. companies with defense-critical technologies in order to extract information.The other concern regarding China is its employment of 5G through companies that answer to the Chinese government, such as ZTE and Huawei. While DOD proscribes procurement from these companies, allies and partners who choose to do so are likely to end up with vulnerable systems.INDUSTRIAL BASE VULNERABILITIESDOD is tightening its requirements that the supply chain - including subcontractors - maintain cybersecurity and produce systems that are hardened against cyber attacks.The department is particularly interested in small- to medium-sized companies that are incubators of innovations. Many of these companies do not have the resources to stand up robust cybersecurity safeguards. DOD will work with these companies by offering them a secure cloud environment in which to work.DOD will also soon stand up an organization called the Trusted Capital Marketplace, a public-private partnership that pairs private capital with small and medium innovative companies that promise to deliver critical emerging technologies. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: May 13, 2019End of Document

Fast, Reliable, and SecureTargeted News ServiceApril 17, 2019 Wednesday 7:50 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1119 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe Federal Communications Commission posted the following blog by Chairman Ajit Pai:Last week, I joined the President at the White House to discuss the FCC's efforts to promote U.S. leadership in 5G wireless communications. "American companies must lead the world in cellular technology," the President declared Opens a New Window. . "5G networks must be secure. . . . They must cover every community, and they must be deployed as soon as possible." Last week, the FCC made progress toward the last two goals, announcing December 10 as the start date for the largest spectrum auction in our nation's history, and revealing plans to create a new $20.4 billion Rural Digital Opportunity Fund to extend high-speed broadband in rural America. At the Commission's May meeting, we will take action to advance the goal of security.Promoting secure communications is a long-standing FCC priority. In fact, the second-stated mission Congress gave the Commission in the Communications Act is "the national defense." One facet of our work on security involves our review of foreign companies that seek to do business in the United States. In 2011, China Mobile USA, which is ultimately owned by the Chinese government, applied to the Commission seeking to provide international telecommunications services in the United States. Consistent with agency policy, we reached out to all relevant federal agencies to see if the application raised national security, law enforcement, or related concerns.After a lengthy review of the application and consultation with the U.S. intelligence community, in 2018, the Executive Branch agencies recommended that the FCC deny China Mobile USA's application due to substantial national security and law enforcement concerns that cannot be resolved through an agreement with the company (called "voluntary mitigation"). Notably, this is the first time the Executive Branch has ever recommended that the FCC deny an application due to national security concerns. Based on this recommendation and the full public record in this proceeding, I have determined that approving this application would not serve the public interest. At our May meeting, the Commission therefore will vote on an Order that would deny China Mobile USA's application.In addition, we'll also move forward with yet another item to free up spectrum for wireless services. The President's Fiscal Year 2020 budget--which "propos[es] legislative changes . . . that pertain to the FCC" and that "are designed to improve spectrum management and represent sound economic policy"--calls on the Commission Opens a New Window. to "either auction or use fee authority to assign spectrum frequencies between 1675-1680 megahertz for flexible use by 2020, subject to sharing arrangements with Federal weather satellites." I agree with opening this spectrum for commercial use so that's exactly what I intend to do. So today, as the first step down that path, I'm circulating a proposal to reallocate spectrum in the 1675-1680 MHz band for shared use between incumbent federal operations and new, non-federal fixed or mobile operations.Turning to the skies, we'll also vote on whether to give the green light to new satellite services. Specifically, we'll consider Theia Holdings A, Inc.'s application to construct, launch, and operate a constellation of 112 active non-geostationary-satellite orbit satellites. In addition to supporting broadband connectivity, Theia's satellites promise to deliver remote sensing analytics, which could enable precision agriculture, first-responder support, and other applications.Next on our May agenda will be an item that I previewed Opens a New Window. at this year's National Association of Broadcasters Show. Thanks to the Commission's AM Radio Revitalization Initiative, the FCC has granted AM stations 1,707 construction permits for new FM translators, and almost five hundred of these translators are already on the air. These translators are helping AM broadcasters attract more listeners and advertisers. But with this success has come an uptick in interference complaints from FM stations due to the increasing number of translators on the air. To address this problem, the FCC will vote on streamlining and expediting our current process for resolving interference complaints. Among other things, the order would establish simpler interference remediation procedures, clarify listener complaint requirements, and make it easier for translators causing interference to change channels.We'll also vote on an order to improve Video Relay Services (VRS). VRS is a vital communications tool for deaf and hard-of-hearing individuals. The new VRS rules we hope to establish will make it easier for people who rely on American Sign Language to communicate directly with signing customer support representatives. And to crack down on waste, fraud, and abuse in the VRS program, the order would strengthen our mechanisms for call validation--essentially, making sure it's a legitimate VRS call (and hence one properly supported by federal funds). As part of an accompanying Further Notice, among other ideas, we'll propose expanding the available pool of qualified sign-language interpreters by converting the current pilot program on at-home interpreting into a permanent one.From calls to Coase: Six decades on, the great economist's idea that the FCC should allocate scarce resources using auctions has proven to be a success. Although the Commission has typically held auctions of spectrum, last year we voted to use this market-based tool for the allocation of toll-free numbers. Next month, we'll vote on a Public Notice to initiate the pre-bidding process for the auction of certain toll-free numbers in the 833 code. Over 17,000 numbers which have been requested by more than one applicant will be available in this first-of-its-kind auction.Rounding out our May meeting will be a proposal to fine-tune the FCC's collection of regulatory fees. (Look, I know it may not be the most exciting work we do, but laws old Opens a New Window. and new Opens a New Window. make us do it and these fees pay most of our bills.) Fulfilling our statutory requirements, this item proposes a schedule of regulatory fees for Fiscal Year 2019 and seeks input on ways to improve our regulatory fee calculations.Well then--when you're talking about the minutia of FCC fee schedules, you've come a long way from high-profile events at the White House. Just know that, on issues big and small, the Commission is committed to pursuing an aggressive agenda to modernize its rules, protect our national security, and expand digital opportunity to all Americans.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6700396 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: April 18, 2019End of Document

Microsoft denied police facial recognition tech over human rights concernsiCrowdNewswire (English)April 19, 2019 Friday 12:30 PM GMTCopyright 2019 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 608 wordsBody         Microsoft has said it turned down a request from law enforcement in California to use its facial recognition technology in police body cameras and cars, reports Reuters. Speaking at an event at Stanford University, Microsoft president Brad Smith said the company was concerned that the technology would disproportionately affect women and minorities. Past research has shown ... Continue reading Microsoft denied police facial recognition tech over human rights concernsMicrosoft has said it turned down a request from law enforcement in California to use its facial recognition technology in police body cameras and cars, reports Reuters.Speaking at an event at Stanford University, Microsoft president Brad Smith said the company was concerned that the technology would disproportionately affect women and minorities. Past research has shown that because facial recognition technology is trained primarily on white and male faces, it has higher error ratesfor other individuals. We said this technology is not your answer.  Anytime they pulled anyone over, they wanted to run a face scan,  said Smith of the unnamed law enforcement agency.  We said this technology is not your answer. Facial recognition has become a controversial topic for tech companies in recent years, partly because of its biases, but also its potential for authoritarian surveillance.Amazon has been repeatedly criticized for selling the technology to law enforcement, and faced pushback from both employees and shareholders. Google, meanwhile, says it refuses to sell facial recognition services altogether due to their potential for abuse.Microsoft has been one of the loudest voices in this debate, repeatedly calling for federal regulation.   Move fast and break things' became something of a mantra in Silicon Valley earlier this decade,  Smith wrote in an open letter earlier this year.  But if we move too fast with facial recognition, we may find that people's fundamental rights are being broken. In China facial recognition has been integrated into sunglasses worn by police.Speaking at Stanford this week, Smith said the company had also turned down a deal to install facial recognition in cameras in the capital city of an unnamed country. He said doing so would have suppressed freedom of assembly.Activists worried about the malicious uses of facial recognition often point to China as a worst-case example. The Chinese government has deployed facial recognition on a huge scale as part of its crackdown on the largely Muslim Uighur minority. Activists say the result has been a digital surveillance network of unprecedented reach, which can track individuals across a city and produce automated warnings when Uighurs gather together.But despite concerns, facial recognition is also becoming more common in the West, even if it's not part of a centralized system, as in China. The technology is being installed in airports, schools, and retail stores, and retrofitted into existing surveillance systems.Even Microsoft, which is openly debating the merits of this technology, is happy selling it in places some might find troubling.Reuters notes that, speaking at Stanford, Smith said that while the company had refused to sell facial recognition to police, it had provided it to an American prison  after the company concluded that the environment would be limited and that it would improve safety inside the unnamed institution. Tags:  See Website:            https://www.theverge.com/2019/4/17/18411757/microsoft-facial-recognition-sales-refused-police-accessContact Information:James VincentTags:           Wire,            Artificial Intelligence Newswire,            United States,            EnglishLoad-Date: April 19, 2019End of Document

Micron To Report Amid Recovery Worries, Builder Stalks Buy Point: Investing Action PlanInvestor's Business DailyJune 24, 2019Copyright 2019 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: INVESTING ACTION PLANLength: 656 wordsByline: MICHAEL LARKINBodyhttps://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/Stock-Micron04_company.jpgHere's your Investing Action Plan for Tuesday: what you need to know as an investor for the coming day. Chip giant Micron Technology earnings are due amid fading hopes for the semiconductor sector, homebuilder Lennar is near a buy point ahead of earnings. FedEx is the other big name reporting earnings.Micron EarningsThe memory-chip maker releases fiscal third-quarter results after the close.Estimates: Wall Street sees Micron earnings per share collapsing 75% to 78 cents, according to Zacks Investment Research. Revenue is seen plunging 40% to $4.7 billion. Stock: Shares fell 0.2% to 33.19 on , some 43% off its 52-week high. Micron stock has a lot of work to do, as it is currently trading below both its 50- and 200-day lines. In addition its  is on a downward trend. The stock's  is a poor 30.Micron earnings guidance will key as investors look for signs of improving demand.Chip stocks were big winners in the early months of 2019 on hopes for a semiconductor industry recovery in the second half of 2019. But they've struggled in recent weeks amid the escalating China trade war and the U.S. ban on Huawei, with Broadcom warning last week. according to some analysts. Despite this, chip stocks have been rising lately on expectations for a rebound.Susquehanna Financial analyst Mehdi Hosseini said he is pessimistic about a recovery this year after meeting with sources in China and Taiwan last week. He claimed a near-term recovery is "off the table" amid excess chip inventories and weak demand, he said in a report Friday.Lennar EarningsThe largest home-construction company in the U.S. on total revenue reports before the open.Estimates: Analysts expect Lennar earnings per share to drop 28% to $1.13 as revenue slips 6% to $5.11 billion.Stock: Securities were up 0.1% to 51.41 on Monday. Lennar stock has built a short  with a 54.60 buy point, . It has made good progress since falling as low as 27.29 on Dec. 26. The relative strength line bottomed in October, and has continued to trend higher. Lennar has been trading above and below its  for most of its current base. The Composite Rating is a muscular 93.Meanwhile, the Commerce Department will release the May new-home sales report at 10 a.m. ET. Economists expect annualized sales of 680,000, up slightly from May's 673,000. They hit a 12-year high of 723,000. Falling mortgage rates and tight labor markets support home sales, but supply is tight and prices high, especially in desirable metro areas.Meanwhile, entry-level specialist KB Home reports after the close Wednesday.FedEx EarningsThe shipping giant delivers fiscal fourth-quarter earnings after the stock market closes.Estimates: Wall Street sees FedEx earnings per share slipping 19% to $4.81, their second straight year-over-year decline, even as revenue climbs 3% to $17.81 billion.Stock: Shares were down 2.7% to 160.90. Since reaching a record 274.66 in January 2018, FedEx stock has been on a marked decline. Shares hit a 23-month earlier this month, while its RS line recently set a 17-year low.FedEx stock has a poor Composite Rating of 38.FedEx is reportedly slashing prices for some customers using its Express network. It wants to persuade more online merchants to use it as it gears up for the end of its air-shipping contract with Amazon later this month. Deals include offering guaranteed two-day air service for the same price as shipping items through its Ground division. It is hoping to siphon customers from rival UPS, and to woo shippers used to using the cheaper FedEx Ground service.FedEx revealed it is not  to instead focus "on serving the broader e-commerce market," where daily volumes look set to double to 100 million packages by 2026. Earlier this month, the Chinese government launched an investigation into FedEx regarding its mishandling of packages of telecom giant Huawei.YOU WILL ALSO LIKE:Load-Date: June 30, 2019End of Document

ETF Preview: ETFs, Futures Lower, Weighed by Persistent US-China Trade War Worries as Google Restricts Huawei Access to AndroidMT Newswires Live BriefsMay 20, 2019 Monday 8:28 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 1127 wordsBody Active broad-market exchange-traded funds ahead of Monday's regular session: SPDR S&P 500 (SPY): -0.6% .iShares MSCI Emerging Index Fund (EEM): -0.4%SPDR Select Sector Fund - Financial (XLF): -0.4%ProShares UltraPro Short QQQ (SQQQ): +4.2%iShares China Large-Cap ETF (FXI): -1.5%Broad Market Indicators Broad-market exchange-traded funds, including IWM and IVV, were lower. Actively-traded PowerShares QQQ (QQQ) was up 1.4%. US stock futures were pointing to a lower open as tensions over the US-China trade war persisted, souring market sentiment. US President Donald Trump had said negotiations with China could continue but not on an equal footing. He added that  Washington will agree to a deal with Beijing but not on a "50-50" basis, adding that the trade agreement had to favor the US due to China's past practices. Complying with the US government's ban on Huawei Technologies, Alphabet's (GOOG, GOOGL) Google confirmed it has restricted the access of the Chinese electronics manufacturer to Android. A source had earlier told Reuters that Android's public version will still be available for Huawei users, but they will be unable to access Google's proprietary apps and services.Looking ahead, the April reading of the Chicago Fed National Activity Index will be out at 8:30 am ET, with Econoday expectations for a decline of 0.10, versus the prior month's decrease of 0.15.Among Federal Reserve officials, Atlanta Fed President Raphael Bostic will be speaking at the Annual Financial Markets Conference at 8:50 am ET, while Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker will give a speech at a conference in Boston at 9:30 am ET. New York Fed President John Williams and Fed Vice Chair Richard Clarida will also participate in a roundtable discussion on monetary policy at 1 pm ET.Power Play: Technology Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLK) was down 1.8% while other tech funds iShares Dow Jones US Technology ETF (IYW), iShares S&P North American Technology ETF (IGM) and iShares S&P North American Technology-Software Index (IGV) were flat. Among semiconductor ETFs, SPDR S&P Semiconductor (XSD) and Semiconductor Sector Index Fund (SOXX) were both inactive in pre-market trade. Alphabet Inc.'s (GOOG, GOOGL) Google has confirmed it has blocked Huawei from updating some parts of its Android software used on Huawei phones to comply with a US government order blacklisting the Chinese firm. The tech giant said it was "complying with the order and reviewing the implications," but assured Huawei users their current phones would continue to work. Last week, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order effectively banning the Chinese firm from using US technology without government permission. "For users of our services, Google Play and the security protections from Google Play Protect will continue to function on existing Huawei devices," a Google spokesman said. The block is likely to prevent future updates to Android reaching Huawei devices. Key Google apps such as the Google Play Store, Gmail and Google Maps may also not appear on future Huawei devices. Instead, the Chinese firm would be reliant on the version of Android available through an open source licence, which is vastly more limited in its features. GOOG shares were down more than 1%.Winners and Losers Financial The Select Financial Sector SPDRs (XLF) was down 0.4%. Direxion Daily Financial Bull 3X shares (FAS) and its bearish counterpart Direxion Daily Financial Bear 3X Shares (FAZ) was up 1.3% in pre-market trading. Morgan Stanley (MS) is buying a 5.5% stake in French asset manager Tikehau Capital (EPA:TKO), the Financial Times reported. The US investment bank last week agreed to invest at least EUR300 million ($335 million) of fresh equity into Tikehau, people familiar with the transaction told the publication. The share capital increase will also see existing Tikehau shareholders inject additional capital, the publication added. Morgan Stanley is investing in Tikehau through North Haven Tactical Value, a unit focused on deploying opportunistic capital, according to the report. MS shares were down nearly 1%.Energy Dow Jones U.S. Energy Fund (IYE) and Energy Select Sector SPDR (XLE) were inactive. Exxon Mobil (XOM) evacuated all 60 of its foreign staff from Iraq's West Qurna 1 oilfield late Friday and early Saturday, Reuters reported Saturday, citing Ihsan Abdul Jabbar, chief of Iraq's state-owned South Oil Co., which owns the oil field, and three other sources. The oil company, which is the lead contractor in a long-term deal with South Oil to develop and rehabilitate the oil field to increase its production, moved its foreign staff to Dubai or to the main camp housing foreign oil company employees in Iraq's Basra province, according to the report. Days before the evacuation, the US withdrew non-essential staff from its embassy in Baghdad due to supposed threat from neighboring Iran, Reuters reported. Jabbar said production at the oilfield was not affected by the evacuation, adding that the evacuation is a precautionary and temporary measure and that "the situation is secure and very stable at the oilfield." Commodities Crude was up 0.1%; United States Oil Fund (USO) was up 0.4%. Natural gas was up 1.7% and United States Natural Gas Fund (UNG) was up 2.0%. Gold was up 0.1%, and SPDR Gold Trust (GLD) was down 0.1%. Silver was down 0.1% and iShares Silver Trust (SLV) was flat. Consumer Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR (XLP)  and iShares Dow Jones US Consumer Goods (IYK) and Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (VDC) were flat. Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR (XLY) was flat and retail funds SPDR S&P Retail (XRT), PowerShares Dynamic Retail (PMR) and Market Vectors Retail ETF (RTH) were also inactive. Haverty Furniture (HVT), a retail furniture company, said late Friday its board has approved a new authorization under its stock repurchase program that permits the company to purchase up to $10 million of its common stock and class A common stock. Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated, the company said.Health Care Health Care SPDR (XLV)  and other health care funds including Vanguard Health Care ETF (VHT) and iShares Dow Jones US Healthcare (IYH) were flat in pre-market trade. Biotechnology fund iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) was down 1.0%. Qiagen (QGEN), a maker of assay technologies for molecular diagnostics, said that its QIAstat-Dx testing system has received a 510(k) clearance from the Food and Drug Administration and has now been launched in the US market. QIAstat-Dx is used for simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial pathogens.Price: 284.52, Change: -1.32, Percent Change: -0.46Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

Global In-Wheel Motor Market Analysis & Outlook (2017-2026) - ResearchAndMarkets.comBusiness WireApril 24, 2019 Wednesday 5:55 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business EditorsLength: 798 wordsDateline: DUBLIN BodyThe "In-Wheel Motor - Global Market Outlook (2017-2026)" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.According to this report, the Global In-Wheel Motor market accounted for $757.21 million in 2017 and is expected to reach $9,860.13 million by 2026 growing at a CAGR of 33% during the forecast period.Increasing preference for in-wheel systems over conventional systems and the adoption of electric and hybrid vehicles are driving market growth. However, lack of infrastructure associated with vehicle charging services in developed as well as developing. In addition, the introduction of technologically advanced in-wheel motors is providing ample opportunity.Based on Motor Type, the radial flux motor segment accounted is the most common motor type adopted for in-wheel motors as the rotor can be directly fixed to the wheel. Moreover, in radial flux motors, the outer rotor design is about 15% lighter than the inner rotor machine, which generates the same torque due to their longer air gap diameter.By Geography, Asia Pacific is the major in-wheel motor market. China is the largest market because the Chinese government provides massive support for the electrification of vehicles. Growth in sales of electric vehicles will lead to an increase in sales of in-wheel motors as only electric vehicles are equipped with in-wheel motors.What the report offers:• Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments• Strategic recommendations for the new entrants• Market forecasts for a minimum of 9 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets• Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations)• Strategic analysis: Drivers and Constraints, Product/Technology Analysis, Porter's five forces analysis, SWOT analysis etc.• Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations• Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends• Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments• Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancementsKey Topics Covered1 Executive Summary2 Preface2.1 Abstract2.2 Stake Holders2.3 Research Scope2.4 Research Methodology2.4.1 Data Mining2.4.2 Data Analysis2.4.3 Data Validation2.4.4 Research Approach2.5 Research Sources2.5.1 Primary Research Sources2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources2.5.3 Assumptions3 Market Trend Analysis3.1 Introduction3.2 Drivers3.3 Restraints3.4 Opportunities3.5 Threats3.6 Emerging Markets3.7 Futuristic Market Scenario4 Porters Five Force Analysis5 Global In-Wheel Motor Market, By Power Output Type5.1 Introduction5.2 Up to 60 KW5.3 60-90 KW5.4 Above 90 KW6 Global In-Wheel Motor Market, By Motor Type6.1 Introduction6.2 Radial Flux Motor6.3 Axial Flux Motor7 Global In-Wheel Motor Market, By Propulsion Type7.1 Introduction7.2 Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicle (PHEV)7.3 Hybrid Electric Vehicle (HEV)7.4 Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle (FCEV)7.5 Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV)8 Global In-Wheel Motor Market, By Cooling Type8.1 Introduction8.2 Liquid Cooling8.3 Air Cooling9 Global In-Wheel Motor Market, By Vehicle Type9.1 Introduction9.2 Commercial Vehicles (CV)9.3 Passenger Cars (PC)9.4 Electric Vehicles10 Global In-Wheel Motor Market, By Components10.1 Introduction10.2 Regenerative Braking System10.3 Wheel Bearings10.4 Rotor and Stator10.5 Suspension11 Global In-Wheel Motor Market, By Geography11.1 Introduction11.2 North America11.2.1 US11.2.2 Canada11.2.3 Mexico11.3 Europe11.3.1 Germany11.3.2 UK11.3.3 Italy11.3.4 France11.3.5 Spain11.3.6 Rest of Europe11.4 Asia Pacific11.4.1 Japan11.4.2 China11.4.3 India11.4.4 Australia11.4.5 New Zealand11.4.6 South Korea11.4.7 Rest of Asia Pacific11.5 South America11.5.1 Argentina11.5.2 Brazil11.5.3 Chile11.5.4 Rest of South America11.6 Middle East & Africa11.6.1 Saudi Arabia11.6.2 UAE11.6.3 Qatar11.6.4 South Africa11.6.5 Rest of Middle East & Africa12 Key Developments12.1 Agreements, Partnerships, Collaborations and Joint Ventures12.2 Acquisitions & Mergers12.3 New Product Launch12.4 Expansions12.5 Other Key Strategies13 Company Profiling13.1 Schaeffler13.2 YASA13.3 Elaphe Ltd13.4 NSK13.5 ECOmove13.6 e-Traction13.7 TM413.8 Ziehl-Abegg13.9 Printed Motor Works13.10 NTN13.11 Protean Electric13.12 BMW13.13 Volkswagen13.14 Nissan Motor Corporation13.15 BYDFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/v9kqarView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190424005937/en/CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.comLaura Wood, Senior Press Managerpress@researchandmarkets.comFor E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900Related Topics: Engines and Engine Partshttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: April 25, 2019End of Document

The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against USAssociated Press State & LocalMay 29, 2019 Wednesday 11:40 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 466 wordsDateline: SHENZHEN, China BodySHENZHEN, China (AP) - The Latest on Huawei's motion challenging the constitutionality of a law that limits U.S. sales of its telecom equipment (all times local):6 p.m.State media have suggested that China's rare earth resources could be used as leverage against the United States in the countries' ongoing trade dispute.Rare earths are raw materials containing a series of chemical elements that are crucial to many modern technologies, such as consumer electronics.The official newspaper of the ruling Communist Party, People's Daily, said in an editorial Wednesday that the U.S. is a major buyer of China's rare earth materials and is "highly dependent" on such resources.Columns from the official Xinhua News Agency and the Global Times newspaper also pointed to China's rich supply of rare earths.An official in China's top economic planning agency did not rule out using rare earths as a countermeasure against "the U.S.'s unwarranted suppression."___1:45 p.m.Huawei says it is in communication with FedEx and will mount a legal defense if it finds its rights were infringed on following the diversion of packages.Huawei chief legal officer Song Liuping told reporters Wednesday that the company was aware of FedEx's apology over the incident.Four packages containing paper work were found to have been diverted to FedEx headquarters in the U.S. instead of being delivered to Huawei offices in Asia.Song says, "I don't think it is right for any company to intercept or detain individual documents or information. If our rights were truly infringed upon, we have the legal rights to defend ourselves."FedEx apologized and said the packages were misrouted accidentally. It said the company wasn't told by anyone to divert the packages.The missed deliveries are drawing unusual attention because of speculation that they're related to rising trade tensions and new U.S. sanctions on Huawei.Huawei officials have questioned whether the diversions were purely accidental.___10:40 a.m.Chinese tech giant Huawei has filed a motion in U.S. court challenging the constitutionality of a law that limits its sales of telecom equipment.The action Wednesday is the latest in an ongoing clash between Huawei and the U.S. government, which claims the Chinese telecom company poses a threat to international cybersecurity.Huawei's chief legal officer Song Liuping announced Wednesday that Huawei has filed a motion for summary judgment asking the court to rule on whether it is constitutional for the U.S. to implement a military spending provision that bars the government and its contractors from using Huawei equipment.Huawei launched its suit in Plano, Texas, its U.S. headquarters, in March.The biggest global maker of network equipment is fighting a U.S. campaign to persuade allies to shun the company.Load-Date: May 30, 2019End of Document

The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against USAssociated Press InternationalMay 29, 2019 Wednesday 11:40 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 466 wordsDateline: SHENZHEN, China BodySHENZHEN, China (AP) - The Latest on Huawei's motion challenging the constitutionality of a law that limits U.S. sales of its telecom equipment (all times local):6 p.m.State media have suggested that China's rare earth resources could be used as leverage against the United States in the countries' ongoing trade dispute.Rare earths are raw materials containing a series of chemical elements that are crucial to many modern technologies, such as consumer electronics.The official newspaper of the ruling Communist Party, People's Daily, said in an editorial Wednesday that the U.S. is a major buyer of China's rare earth materials and is "highly dependent" on such resources.Columns from the official Xinhua News Agency and the Global Times newspaper also pointed to China's rich supply of rare earths.An official in China's top economic planning agency did not rule out using rare earths as a countermeasure against "the U.S.'s unwarranted suppression."___1:45 p.m.Huawei says it is in communication with FedEx and will mount a legal defense if it finds its rights were infringed on following the diversion of packages.Huawei chief legal officer Song Liuping told reporters Wednesday that the company was aware of FedEx's apology over the incident.Four packages containing paper work were found to have been diverted to FedEx headquarters in the U.S. instead of being delivered to Huawei offices in Asia.Song says, "I don't think it is right for any company to intercept or detain individual documents or information. If our rights were truly infringed upon, we have the legal rights to defend ourselves."FedEx apologized and said the packages were misrouted accidentally. It said the company wasn't told by anyone to divert the packages.The missed deliveries are drawing unusual attention because of speculation that they're related to rising trade tensions and new U.S. sanctions on Huawei.Huawei officials have questioned whether the diversions were purely accidental.___10:40 a.m.Chinese tech giant Huawei has filed a motion in U.S. court challenging the constitutionality of a law that limits its sales of telecom equipment.The action Wednesday is the latest in an ongoing clash between Huawei and the U.S. government, which claims the Chinese telecom company poses a threat to international cybersecurity.Huawei's chief legal officer Song Liuping announced Wednesday that Huawei has filed a motion for summary judgment asking the court to rule on whether it is constitutional for the U.S. to implement a military spending provision that bars the government and its contractors from using Huawei equipment.Huawei launched its suit in Plano, Texas, its U.S. headquarters, in March.The biggest global maker of network equipment is fighting a U.S. campaign to persuade allies to shun the company.Load-Date: May 30, 2019End of Document

The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against USAssociated Press Financial WireMay 29, 2019 Wednesday 11:39 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 466 wordsDateline: SHENZHEN, China BodySHENZHEN, China (AP) - The Latest on Huawei's motion challenging the constitutionality of a law that limits U.S. sales of its telecom equipment (all times local):6 p.m.State media have suggested that China's rare earth resources could be used as leverage against the United States in the countries' ongoing trade dispute.Rare earths are raw materials containing a series of chemical elements that are crucial to many modern technologies, such as consumer electronics.The official newspaper of the ruling Communist Party, People's Daily, said in an editorial Wednesday that the U.S. is a major buyer of China's rare earth materials and is "highly dependent" on such resources.Columns from the official Xinhua News Agency and the Global Times newspaper also pointed to China's rich supply of rare earths.An official in China's top economic planning agency did not rule out using rare earths as a countermeasure against "the U.S.'s unwarranted suppression."___1:45 p.m.Huawei says it is in communication with FedEx and will mount a legal defense if it finds its rights were infringed on following the diversion of packages.Huawei chief legal officer Song Liuping told reporters Wednesday that the company was aware of FedEx's apology over the incident.Four packages containing paper work were found to have been diverted to FedEx headquarters in the U.S. instead of being delivered to Huawei offices in Asia.Song says, "I don't think it is right for any company to intercept or detain individual documents or information. If our rights were truly infringed upon, we have the legal rights to defend ourselves."FedEx apologized and said the packages were misrouted accidentally. It said the company wasn't told by anyone to divert the packages.The missed deliveries are drawing unusual attention because of speculation that they're related to rising trade tensions and new U.S. sanctions on Huawei.Huawei officials have questioned whether the diversions were purely accidental.___10:40 a.m.Chinese tech giant Huawei has filed a motion in U.S. court challenging the constitutionality of a law that limits its sales of telecom equipment.The action Wednesday is the latest in an ongoing clash between Huawei and the U.S. government, which claims the Chinese telecom company poses a threat to international cybersecurity.Huawei's chief legal officer Song Liuping announced Wednesday that Huawei has filed a motion for summary judgment asking the court to rule on whether it is constitutional for the U.S. to implement a military spending provision that bars the government and its contractors from using Huawei equipment.Huawei launched its suit in Plano, Texas, its U.S. headquarters, in March.The biggest global maker of network equipment is fighting a U.S. campaign to persuade allies to shun the company.Load-Date: May 30, 2019End of Document

2019 APME awards honor AP journalists for powerful storiesAssociated Press InternationalJune 17, 2019 Monday 9:54 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWSLength: 680 wordsDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - Accounts of perseverance in the wake of disaster, deep investigative looks into cyber threats against American democracy, and images that highlighted the human side of controversial political issues are among the stories that have won the 2019 Associated Press Media Editors Awards for AP staff.Dake Kang and Yanan Wang, both 25, were honored for excellence by staffers 30 years old or younger for work exposing the Chinese government's reach into their citizens' personal lives. Judges called their work "insightful - even shocking."Sharon Cohen, David Goldman and Mary Hudetz were recognized for stories about Native American women and children who disappeared or were killed on tribal lands. The judges called it "great writing, important topic, and remarkable reporting that resonated not just in Indian Country, but across the country."Christina Cassidy and Frank Bajak won for their investigative look at the vulnerable American voting system that judges called "aggressive watchdog journalism at a high level."The AP's "mission is to inform the world - fairly, objectively and accurately," said Thomas Koetting, deputy managing editor of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel and coordinator of the contest. "The work in this year's competition reflects that mission - and I would add two words: compassion and humanity. In a complex and sometimes inhumane world, AP journalists reached out to those who needed a voice and told stories that otherwise would have remained hidden."The annual competition honors the best work by AP staff in news, multimedia and photography and is open to employees in every U.S. state and 100 countries globally.The judges are national board members of the Associated Press Media Editors, which is in the process of merging with the American Society of News Editors into the News Leaders Association.Winners will be recognized at that organization's national conference in New Orleans on Sept. 9-10.The winners are:DEADLINE REPORTINGWinner: South Region Staff, "Hurricane Michael"Honorable mention: California Staff, "California Wildfire"SAMUEL G. BLACKMAN AWARD FOR ENTERPRISE REPORTINGWinner: Lori Hinnant, Bram Janssen and other staff, "The Missing"Honorable Mention: Staff including Rodrigo Abd, Michael Biesecker, Rebecca Blackwell, Allen G. Breed, Garance Burke, Martha Mendoza, Nomaan Merchant, Matt Sedensky and Julie Watson, "Torn Apart: Immigration in the Era of Trump"FEATURE WRITING, SINGLE STORY OR SERIESWinner: Sharon Cohen, David Goldman and Mary Hudetz, "Death and Disappearance in Indian Country"Honorable Mention: Sharon Cohen and David Goldman, "Women Behind Bars"STATE NEWS REPORTINGWinner: Christina Cassidy and Frank Bajak, "Election Security"Honorable Mention: Julie Carr Smyth, Kantele Franko and Ohio Staff, "Online Charter School Investigation"JOHN WINN AND MARGO C. MILLER AWARD FOR EXCELLENCE BY A STAFFER 30 YEARS OLD OR YOUNGERWinners: Dake Kang and Yanan Wang, "China"Honorable Mention: Krysta Fauria, "Los Angeles Bureau Video Coverage"GLOBAL SPORTS ACCOUNTABILITYWinner: Ohio Staff, for its reporting on Ohio State team doctor Richard StraussUSE OF VIDEOWinner: Mstyslav Chernov, "Ukrainian Youth Camp"Honorable mention: Bram Janssen, "Sahara Missing"DIGITAL STORYTELLINGWinner: Nat Castañeda, Bram Janssen and Lori Hinnant, "The Missing"Honorable mention: Khaled Kazziha and video team in Zimbabwe, "Livestream of Zimbabwe's Deadly Post-Election Violence"NEWS PHOTOGRAPHY - SINGLE SHOTWinner: Rebecca Blackwell, "Crossing Under"Honorable mention: Andrew Harnik, "The Clap"NEWS PHOTOGRAPHY - STORY OR SERIESWinner: Khalil Hamra, Adel Hana, Ariel Schalit, Felipe Dana, Oded Balilty, "Gaza on the Edge"Honorable mention: Rodrigo Abd, "A Caravan" and Dar Yasin, "Kashmir Conflict"FEATURE PHOTOGRAPHY - SINGLE SHOTWinner: Ben Curtis, "Scavenger"Honorable mention: Rodrigo Abd, "Exhausted" and Altaf Qadri, "Lifting Her Veil"FEATURE PHOTOGRAPHY - STORY OR SERIESWinner: Rodrigo Abd, "Dangerous Dives"Honorable mention: Bernat Armangue, "Running of the Wine Horses" and Altaf Qadri, "India: Looking for Hope"Load-Date: June 18, 2019End of Document

2019 APME awards honor AP journalists for powerful storiesAssociated Press State & LocalJune 17, 2019 Monday 9:54 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: STATE AND REGIONALLength: 680 wordsDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - Accounts of perseverance in the wake of disaster, deep investigative looks into cyber threats against American democracy, and images that highlighted the human side of controversial political issues are among the stories that have won the 2019 Associated Press Media Editors Awards for AP staff.Dake Kang and Yanan Wang, both 25, were honored for excellence by staffers 30 years old or younger for work exposing the Chinese government's reach into their citizens' personal lives. Judges called their work "insightful - even shocking."Sharon Cohen, David Goldman and Mary Hudetz were recognized for stories about Native American women and children who disappeared or were killed on tribal lands. The judges called it "great writing, important topic, and remarkable reporting that resonated not just in Indian Country, but across the country."Christina Cassidy and Frank Bajak won for their investigative look at the vulnerable American voting system that judges called "aggressive watchdog journalism at a high level."The AP's "mission is to inform the world - fairly, objectively and accurately," said Thomas Koetting, deputy managing editor of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel and coordinator of the contest. "The work in this year's competition reflects that mission - and I would add two words: compassion and humanity. In a complex and sometimes inhumane world, AP journalists reached out to those who needed a voice and told stories that otherwise would have remained hidden."The annual competition honors the best work by AP staff in news, multimedia and photography and is open to employees in every U.S. state and 100 countries globally.The judges are national board members of the Associated Press Media Editors, which is in the process of merging with the American Society of News Editors into the News Leaders Association.Winners will be recognized at that organization's national conference in New Orleans on Sept. 9-10.The winners are:DEADLINE REPORTINGWinner: South Region Staff, "Hurricane Michael"Honorable mention: California Staff, "California Wildfire"SAMUEL G. BLACKMAN AWARD FOR ENTERPRISE REPORTINGWinner: Lori Hinnant, Bram Janssen and other staff, "The Missing"Honorable Mention: Staff including Rodrigo Abd, Michael Biesecker, Rebecca Blackwell, Allen G. Breed, Garance Burke, Martha Mendoza, Nomaan Merchant, Matt Sedensky and Julie Watson, "Torn Apart: Immigration in the Era of Trump"FEATURE WRITING, SINGLE STORY OR SERIESWinner: Sharon Cohen, David Goldman and Mary Hudetz, "Death and Disappearance in Indian Country"Honorable Mention: Sharon Cohen and David Goldman, "Women Behind Bars"STATE NEWS REPORTINGWinner: Christina Cassidy and Frank Bajak, "Election Security"Honorable Mention: Julie Carr Smyth, Kantele Franko and Ohio Staff, "Online Charter School Investigation"JOHN WINN AND MARGO C. MILLER AWARD FOR EXCELLENCE BY A STAFFER 30 YEARS OLD OR YOUNGERWinners: Dake Kang and Yanan Wang, "China"Honorable Mention: Krysta Fauria, "Los Angeles Bureau Video Coverage"GLOBAL SPORTS ACCOUNTABILITYWinner: Ohio Staff, for its reporting on Ohio State team doctor Richard StraussUSE OF VIDEOWinner: Mstyslav Chernov, "Ukrainian Youth Camp"Honorable mention: Bram Janssen, "Sahara Missing"DIGITAL STORYTELLINGWinner: Nat Castañeda, Bram Janssen and Lori Hinnant, "The Missing"Honorable mention: Khaled Kazziha and video team in Zimbabwe, "Livestream of Zimbabwe's Deadly Post-Election Violence"NEWS PHOTOGRAPHY - SINGLE SHOTWinner: Rebecca Blackwell, "Crossing Under"Honorable mention: Andrew Harnik, "The Clap"NEWS PHOTOGRAPHY - STORY OR SERIESWinner: Khalil Hamra, Adel Hana, Ariel Schalit, Felipe Dana, Oded Balilty, "Gaza on the Edge"Honorable mention: Rodrigo Abd, "A Caravan" and Dar Yasin, "Kashmir Conflict"FEATURE PHOTOGRAPHY - SINGLE SHOTWinner: Ben Curtis, "Scavenger"Honorable mention: Rodrigo Abd, "Exhausted" and Altaf Qadri, "Lifting Her Veil"FEATURE PHOTOGRAPHY - STORY OR SERIESWinner: Rodrigo Abd, "Dangerous Dives"Honorable mention: Bernat Armangue, "Running of the Wine Horses" and Altaf Qadri, "India: Looking for Hope"Load-Date: June 18, 2019End of Document

On Eve of 5G Rollout, FINITE STATE Report Finds Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities Embedded Within Huawei DevicesPR NewswireJune 26, 2019 Wednesday 7:01 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 791 wordsDateline: COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 26, 2019 BodyPR Newswire Finite State, the pioneer in Internet of Things (IoT) device intelligence, today issued results from a large-scalestudyit conducted of the cybersecurity-related risks embedded within Huawei enterprise devices by analyzing Huawei firmware at an unprecedented scale. Utilizing its automated system to look at more than 1.5 million files embedded within nearly 10,000 firmware images supporting 558 products within Huawei's enterprise networking product lines, Finite State found several classes of security issues, concluding that Huawei devices pose a quantifiable high risk to their users. Of all the firmware images analyzed, 55% had at least one potential backdoor.China's Huawei is the dominant provider of equipment used in the coming 5G networks that will usher in the next generation of consumer, enterprise and industrial technology. Concerns that using Huawei equipment could offer the Chinese government access to 5G networks, which could be used to execute espionage or military missions, has led countries to take measures to limit their risks, including outright bans of Huawei products. Until today's report by Finite State, assumptions about the extent of cybersecurity vulnerabilities in Huawei devices has never been proven."At Finite State, we believe that increased transparency leads to better security for everyone. Fundamentally, policymakers should be making data-driven decisions about which risks they are, and are not, willing to take. Our analysis looked for risks including hard-coded backdoor credentials, unsafe use of cryptographic keys, indicators of insecure software development practices, and the presence of known and so-called 0-days, where a vulnerability exists but has never been publicly reported. Our analysis revealed that Huawei devices quantitatively pose a high risk to their users, which is particularly concerning given Huawei's dominance on the eve of 5G implementation," said Matt Wyckhouse, founder and CEO of Finite State.Finite State analyzes firmware inside IoT devices, proactively identifying risks, detecting attacks and enabling robust response. Built by a team with backgrounds in the U.S. Intelligence Community, Finite State provides deep insight into hidden vulnerabilities on the network to help users understand and mitigate risks, detect advanced threats and respond to attacks.The analysis found:Numerous instances of backdoor access vulnerabilities. These vulnerabilities enable an attacker with knowledge of the firmware and/or with a corresponding cryptographic key to log in to the device. Universally, Huawei devices were shown to have a very high number of known security vulnerabilities. On average, each device tested had 102 known vulnerabilities in its firmware -- increasing the likelihood of being compromised by attackers. Despite claims of investing in security, Huawei engineers were found to have routinely made poor security decisions in building the devices, significantly increasing the potential for serious vulnerabilities. Huawei devices have substantially worse security than similar devices from other vendors. Prior Huawei claims that devices and their firmware's security properties could not be tested at scale were disproven: Finite State's firmware analysis platform, Iotasphere, was able to process and analyze 9,936 firmware images comprised of more than 1.5 million files in 36 hours."Despite Huawei's claims about investing in security, they appear to be behind the rest of the industry in almost every respect. This overall weak security posture is concerning and obviously increases the security risks associated with use of Huawei devices," Wyckhouse said. "Whether those risks were introduced intentionally or accidentally is out of the scope of a technical assessment, and thus we cannot and do not draw any conclusions relating to intent."Thereportis available via FiniteState.io.About Finite StateFinite State provides comprehensive IoT cybersecurity for enterprise networks. With backgrounds in the US Intelligence Community, our team understands the intricacies of IoT risk better than anyone. IoT has become the entry point of choice for cyber attacks, and attackers have the edge in their ability to target and exploit trivial vulnerabilities in IoT firmware. Finite State gives defenders a tactical advantage by providing deep visibility and proactive protection of every device on their network, deterring even the most sophisticated actors. Learn more about Finite State athttp://www.finitestate.io. View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/on-eve-of-5g-rollout-finite-state-report-finds-cybersecurity-vulnerabilities-embedded-within-huawei-devices-300875018.htmlSOURCE Finite StateCONTACT: Audrey@FiniteState.ioLoad-Date: June 27, 2019End of Document

Robbins Arroyo LLP: NIO Inc. (NIO) Sued for Securities ViolationsBusiness WireJune 10, 2019 Monday 9:34 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Business Wire, Inc.Distribution: Business Editors; Legal EditorsLength: 429 wordsDateline: SAN DIEGO & SHANGHAI BodyShareholder rights law firm Robbins Arroyo LLP informs investors that a shareholder has filed a complaint against NIO Inc. (NYSE: NIO) for alleged violations of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933 based on alleged misrepresentations related to the company's September 2018 initial public offering ("IPO"). NIO designs, manufactures, and sells electric vehicles in the People's Republic of China, the U.S., Germany, and the U.K.View this information on the law firm's Shareholder Rights Blog: https://www.robbinsarroyo.com/nio-inc-jun-19/NIO Accused of Inflating Its IPO PriceAccording to the complaint, on September 12, 2018, NIO conducted its IPO, offering 160 million American Depository Shares ("ADSs") at $6.26 per share, for over $1 billion in total proceeds. According to the Registration Statement, NIO intended to use 25% of the proceeds of the IPO to develop a manufacturing facility and roll out its supply chain. The intended effect would be a significant decrease in manufacturing costs and less reliance on Chinese government-owned JAC Auto. The Registration Statement also touted NIO's mobile app, indicating "over 520,000 registered users as of August 28, 2018." The complaint asserts that these allegations were misleading. Specifically, on March 5, 2019, NIO revealed it was no longer building its own manufacturing plant and would continue to rely on JAC Auto, causing NIO's ADSs to close down over 30% over two trading days. Then, on April 2, 2019, NIO revealed it only had "190,000 active users on peak days in 2018." The stock steadily declined following this announcement, and currently trades at just $2.76.NIO Shareholders Have Legal OptionsConcerned shareholders who would like more information about their rights and potential remedies can contact attorney Leo Kandinov at (800) 350-6003, LKandinov@robbinsarroyo.com , or via the            shareholder information form on the firm's website.Robbins Arroyo LLP is a nationally recognized leader in shareholder rights law. The firm represents individual and institutional investors in shareholder derivative and securities class action lawsuits, and has helped its clients realize more than $1 billion of value for themselves and the companies in which they have invested.Attorney Advertising. Past results do not guarantee a similar outcome.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190610005781/en/CONTACT: Leo KandinovRobbins Arroyo LLP5040 Shoreham PlaceSan Diego, CA 92122LKandinov@robbinsarroyo.com(619) 525-3990 or Toll Free (800) 350-6003www.robbinsarroyo.comhttp://www.businesswire.comLoad-Date: June 11, 2019End of Document

Apple Announces New Recycling Lab in AustinStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeApril 21, 2019 SundayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: HI TECH; Pg. 1Length: 478 wordsByline: Sandy MccarthyBodyDaisy can recover materials traditional recyclers cannot at a higher quality, and is now operational in the Netherlands and Texas in the US, Apple said.Kyle Wiens, chief executive of iFixit, which provides free fix instructions for electronics, said Apple deserves some credit for making the iPhone reasonable to recycle.The firm already uses 100% recycled tin in the logic boards of 11 different product lines and recently transitioned to a 100% recycled aluminium alloy for its MacBook Air and Mac Mini models, but hopes moves made during 2019 and beyond will enable it to close the loop on cobalt and copper as well.Apple is reportedly merging the Find My Friends app with Find My iPhone to create a unified Global Positioning System tracking application that will show you the locations of all your devices-and those of your friends.Apple® today announced a major expansion of its recycling programs, quadrupling the number of locations United States customers can send their iPhone® to be disassembled by Daisy, its recycling robot.A year ago for Earth Day, Apple took the wraps off of Daisy, a recycling robot that replaced Liam, an iPhone disassembly robot first introduced to the world in 2016.Aluminium housing recovered from old Apple products retrieved from Apple's Trade In programme has been remelted and used to make the latest MacBook Air, which went on sale at the end of previous year. Apple now has two such robots, which themselves are upgrades from a recycling robot named Liam, which was about 3 times the size of Daisy. This allows Apple to recover important materials for re-use. And in 2018 alone, it refurbished more than 7.8 million devices and diverted more than 48,000 metric tons of waste from landfills.FOX 5 Storm Alert Day: Tornadoes may have hit MississippiAbout 180,000 customers are without power in the Southeast, according to poweroutage.us, the bulk of those in Florida and SC . The same system produced tornadoes and hail earlier in North Texas, the Texas Panhandle, Oklahoma and southeastern Kansas."We work hard to design products that our customers can rely on for a long time", she added.People walk past the Apple Store where the logo is partially illuminated in green for the upcoming Earth Day on the Nanjing Road pedestrian shopping street in Shanghai, China, on April 18, 2019.According to 9to5Mac, the new app is now being tested by developers at Apple under the codename "Green Torch" and will be a Marzipan app, available on both iOS and macOS.But Apple wants to get even better at recycling.The unveiling of the facility was confirmed in Apple's latest sustainability report, which reveals, for the first time, the environmental impact of its updated "Daisy" recycling robot system.It's right for the Chinese government to remain "vigilant about making sure material really doesn't end up being dumped", said Jackson.Load-Date: April 22, 2019End of Document

ICC Makes Strategic Investment in Disruptive Biosynthesis Research -- CFN MediaGlobeNewswireApril 16, 2019 Tuesday 6:00 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 1632 wordsBodySEATTLE, April  16, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- via NEWMEDIAWIRE -- CFN Media Group ("CFN Media"), the leading agency and financial media network dedicated to the North American cannabis industry, announces the publication of an article covering biosynthesis and International Cannabis Corp.'s recent biotechnology investment.Biosynthesis is the process of manipulating simple substances to produce the complex molecules found within living organisms. Biosynthetic engineering, as applied to cannabis, means single cell organisms are programmed to synthesize the enzymes for the metabolic pathway that generates cannabinoids from sugars - promising new technology with the potential to shake up the nascent cannabis industry.Guided by an understanding of the potential the technology offers, International Cannabis Corp. (CSE: WRLD.U)(FWB: 8K51)(OTC: WLDCF) announced on April 8th a USD $1.2 million strategic investment in Biotii Technologies Corp. a leading private biotechnology company actively pursuing genetically engineered microorganisms that express cannabinoid profiles identical to those found in nature - at a fraction of the cost of current production methods with more consistent quality and a greatly reduced carbon footprint.Revolutionary PotentialRecent advancements in the areas of gene editing, in-silico protein modeling, and semi-automated high throughput robotics has enabled Biotii to expedite its molecular biology research, allowing the company to spearhead into large-scale production with a wide portfolio of intellectual property. This evolving portfolio is expected to consist of synthetic cannabinoids, designer enzymes, proprietary enzyme pathways, and GMO microorganisms.Traditional cultivation of cannabis plants for the purpose of extracting cannabidiolic acid (CBDA), THC and CBD is a time, labour, and resource intensive endeavor which often results in lower yields. By 2020, the Biotii team plans to establish processes to mass-produce CBD/THC in quantities of hundreds of metric tons per annum boasting stable and consistent yields, pharmaceutical grade purities, and the lowest production costs in the cannabis space.Commenting on the investment, Eugene Beukman, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of International Cannabis, said, "We are thoroughly impressed with the Biotii team, which consists of proven innovators from world-class institutions, whom we believe are en route to potentially disrupt a very large part of the cannabis value chain. ICC will continue to support Biotii's distinguished team in their pursuit to bring economies of scale using biosynthesis to the cannabis industry. This investment enhances ICC's ability to capture significant IP and market share in the fast-developing biosynthesis market for cannabinoids."In areas with more established cannabis markets, extract-based products have proven to be just as popular, and often more so, than the smoking of flower. Most consumers are new to cannabis and increasingly health conscious, so they're much more likely to purchase derivatives and consumables. The development of biosynthetic cannabinoids could potentially eliminate the need for companies producing these products to invest in cultivation and processing, substantially lowering input costs and increasing revenues, while also cutting the industry's overall ecological footprint.Industry Investment Enabling ResearchICC's investment in biosynthesis mirrors those made by Cronos and Tilray in September of last year. Cronos is working with synthetic biology firm Ginkgo Bioworks in an effort to develop a scalable system for producing synthetic cannabinoids, and if certain benchmarks are achieved, the deal could be worth USD $100 million in cash and stock incentives. This would give Cronos the exclusive right to commercialize key patented intellectual property related to the target cannabinoids in perpetuity. These include THC and CBD, but also lesser-known compounds also produced by the cannabis plant, which are of particular importance to pharmaceutical companies. Tilray is working with IntelGenX Corp. to develop oral film products infused with synthetic cannabis for both recreational and medicinal use, citing a need for the greater consistency synthetics offer, especially for medical cannabis patients, as well as being free of the contaminants sometimes present in naturally-sourced cannabinoids. The US Food & Drug Administration has been slow to approve synthetic cannabinoids, but since 2016, has started to liberalize its approach, a key step in advancing research.ICC's strategic investment with Biotii grants International Cannabis a right of first refusal with respect to all future Biotii financing.Biotii Guided by a Winning TeamDr. John Harrold, Biotii's Chief Executive Officer, said, "Biotii looks forward to progressing our technology alongside ICC and their robust cannabis platform. ICC has earned a reputation of being a thought leader in the space and we are excited by the possibilities of tapping into ICC's unique expertise and resources as we look to disrupt the cannabis industry."Dr. Harrold is an MIT instructor with expertise in end-to-end bio-lab management, and a proven entrepreneur, having previously championed four start-ups, including two funded by the National Science Foundation. Biotii has forged mission critical relationships with leading medical research institutions in both the United States and China.Sisi Ni, Biotii's Chief Product Officer, is an MIT trained materials scientist and engineer who was previously named as one of Forbes' 30 under 30. Casey Solomon, PhD, the company's Chief Science Officer/Lead Scientist, is a resident expert in yeast engineering, E. coli engineering, and molecular pathway engineering. Biotii's Chief Medical Officer is Ryan Hubbard, MD, a former instructor at Mayo Clinic Graduate School of Medicine with over 25 publications, posters, and oral presentations.Nona Tian, PhD is the company's Science Advisor/Affiliated Researcher, a Xiamen University PhD graduate in Cell and Molecular Biology with a B.S. in biotechnology as well as a successful startup co-founder with extensive bioengineering experience. Peter Liu, Biotii's Technology Advisor/Affiliated Researcher also graduated from Xiamen University with a B.S. in biotechnology, and is a seasoned protein engineer and startup co-founder that received various grants from the Chinese Government for bioengineering initiatives.If the biosynthesis of cannabinoids proves to be a scalable technology, many of the companies involved in the production and sale of extract-based products could switch from traditional cultivation and processing to achieve their supplies in this alternative form, which would leave those with the foresight to invest in the technology now in a position to capitalize. Investors would do well to keep an eye on biosynthesis research and the companies like ICC who are making important moves now.For more information, watch this page or visit https://intlcannabiscorp.com/news/Please follow the link to read the full article: https://www.cannabisfn.com/icc-makes-strategic-investment-in-disruptive-biosynthesis-research/About CFN MediaFor Visitors and ViewersCFN Media's Cannabis Financial Network (CannabisFN.com) is the destination for savvy investors and business people profiting from the worldwide cannabis industry. Viewers will see breaking news, exclusive content and original programming involving the people, companies and investments shaping the industry.For Cannabis Businesses & CompaniesCFN Media is a leading agency and financial media network dedicated to the cannabis industry. We help private, pre-public and public cannabis companies in the US and Canada attract capital, investors and media attention.Our powerful digital media and distribution platform conveys a company's message and value proposition directly to accredited and retail investors and national media active in the North American cannabis markets.Since 2013, CFN Media has enabled the world's preeminent cannabis companies to thrive in the capital and public markets.Learn how to become a CFN Media client company, brand or entrepreneur: http://www.cannabisfn.com/featuredcompanyDisclaimerCannabisFN.com is not an independent financial investment advisor or broker-dealer. You should always consult with your own independent legal, tax, and/or investment professionals before making any investment decisions. The information provided on http://www.cannabisfn.com (the -Site') is either original financial news or paid advertisements drafted by our in-house team or provided by an affiliate. CannabisFN.com, a financial news media and marketing firm enters into media buys or service agreements with the companies that are the subject of the articles posted on the Site or other editorials for advertising such companies.  We are not an independent news media provider. We make no warranty or representation about the information including its completeness, accuracy, truthfulness or reliability and we disclaim, expressly and implicitly, all warranties of any kind, including whether the Information is complete, accurate, truthful, or reliable. As such, your use of the information is at your own risk. Nor do we undertake any obligation to update the items posted. CannabisFN.com received compensation for producing and presenting high quality and sophisticated content on CannabisFN.com along with financial and corporate news.  The above article is sponsored content. Emerging Growth LLC, which owns CannabisFN.com and CFN Media, has been hired to create awareness. Please follow the link below to view our full disclosure outlining our compensation: http://www.cannabisfn.com/legal-disclaimer/ContactCFN MediaFrank Lane206-369-7050flane@cannabisfn.com Load-Date: April 17, 2019End of Document

International Cannabis Completes Strategic Investment Into Pioneering Biosynthesis Cannabinoid Company; Formed by Leading Group of MIT/Harvard Healthcare ProfessionalsGlobeNewswireApril 7, 2019 Sunday 9:05 PM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 1416 wordsBodyVANCOUVER, British Columbia, April  08, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ICC International Cannabis Corp. (CSE: WRLD.U)(FWB: 8K51)(OTC: WLDCF) ("ICC" or "International Cannabis" or the "Company") is pleased to announce the completion of a USD $1.2 million strategic investment into Biotii Technologies Corp. ("Biotii"), a leading private biotechnology company, based out of Boston, Massachusetts, USA.Biotii is actively pursuing genetically engineered microorganisms that express cannabinoid profiles identical to those found in nature, at a fraction of the cost of current cannabis production methods and with more consistent production quality. Biotii is also endeavoring to replicate similar target drug molecules that cannot be easily manufactured utilizing chemical processes alone.Eugene Beukman, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of International Cannabis, stated: "ICC continues its pursuit of identifying and investing in leading cannabis technology companies. We are thoroughly impressed with the Biotii team, which consists of proven innovators from world-class institutions, whom we believe are en route to potentially disrupt a very large part of the cannabis value chain. The potential of Biotii's technology and will leverage the know-how and expertise of Biotii's world-class team to bring economies of scale using biosynthesis to the cannabis industry. This investment enhances ICC's ability to capture significant IP and market share in the fast-developing biosynthesis market for cannabinoids."Due to recent technological advances with respect to gene editing, in-silico protein modeling and semi-automated high throughput robotics, Biotii has the foundation to expedite its molecular biology research, allowing the company to spearhead into large-scale production with a wide portfolio of intellectual property ("IP"). Biotii's evolving IP portfolio will consist of:• Synthetic cannabinoids;• Designer enzymes;• Proprietary enzyme pathway; and,• GMO microorganisms.Biotii's scalable synthesizing process will enable the manufacture of lesser-known cannabis compounds, as well as tetrahydrocannabinol ("THC") and cannabidiol ("CBD") at materially lower costs when compared to conventional cultivation and extraction processes. Traditional cultivation of cannabis plants for the purpose of extracting cannabidiolic acid ("CBDA"), THC and CBD is a time, labor and resource intensive endeavor that can result in depressed extraction yields of approximately 2.5%.An alternative tool for the production of cannabinoids is biosynthetic engineering, where single cell organisms are programmed to synthesize the enzymes for the metabolic pathway that generates cannabinoids from sugars. Biotii intends to leverage a unique system to mass manufacture large quantities of cannabinoids with a smaller environment footprint than other known methods.By 2020, the Biotii team intends to establish processes to mass-produce CBD/THC in quantities of hundreds of metric tons per annum, which boast:• Stable and consistent yields,• Pharmaceutical grade purities; and,• The lowest production costs in the space.Biotii is equipped with the human capital and industry expertise necessary to effectively implement food and pharmaceutical grade GMP practices while scaling emerging cannabinoid biosynthesis to thousands of liters in a semi/continuous environment.Dr. John Harrold, Biotii's Chief Executive Officer, and Sisi Ni, Chief Product Officer, commented: "Biotii looks forward to progressing our technology alongside ICC and their robust cannabis platform. ICC has earned a reputation of being a thought leader in the space and we are excited by the possibilities of tapping into ICC's unique expertise and resources as we look to disrupt the cannabis industry."Dr. Harrold is an MIT instructor with expertise in end-to-end bio-lab management, and a proven entrepreneur having previously championed four start-ups, including two funded by the National Science Foundation. Dr. Ni is an MIT trained materials scientist and engineer who was previously named as one of Forbes' 30 under 30.Biotii has forged mission critical relationships with leading medical research institutions in both the United States and China. In addition to Dr. Harrold and Dr. Ni, the Biotii team is also led by:• Casey Solomon, PhD - Chief Science Officer / Lead Scientist: A University of Minnesota graduate and a visiting Assistant Professor of St. Olaf College with extensive expertise in biochemistry and molecular biology. Dr. Solomon is a resident expert in yeast engineering, E. coli engineering, and molecular pathway engineering. • Ryan Hubbard, MD - Chief Medical Officer: A former instructor at Mayo Clinic Graduate School of Medicine with 25+ publications, posters, and oral presentations. Dr. Hubbard graduated with an M.D. from Georgetown University Medical School and a B.A. from Davidson before joining a fellowship at the Andrews Institute for Orthopaedic and Sports Medicine.• Nona Tian, PhD - Science Advisor / Affiliated Researcher: A Xiamen University PhD graduate in Cell and Molecular Biology with a B.S. in biotechnology. She is a successful startup co-founder with extensive bioengineering experience.• Peter Liu - Technology Advisor / Affiliated Researcher: A Xiamen University graduate with a B.S. in biotechnology. Mr. Liu is a seasoned protein engineer and startup co-founder that received various grants from the Chinese Government for bioengineering initiativesThis strategic investment grants International Cannabis a right of first refusal ("ROFR") with respect to all future Biotii financings.ABOUT BIOTII  Biotii Technologies Corp. strives to genetically engineer microorganisms to produce cannabinoids identical to those found in nature, while meeting both the standards of the current cannabis industry and the more demanding standards demanded by the consumer packaged goods and pharmaceutical companies    all at a small fraction of the cost of current producers.ABOUT INTERNATIONAL CANNABIS ICC International Cannabis, through its subsidiaries, has operating assets and is developing a world-class platform for cultivation, extraction, formulation and distribution across the globe in the United Kingdom, Denmark, Poland, Switzerland, Germany, Macedonia, Bulgaria, Serbia, Croatia, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Malta, Colombia, Argentina, Australia, South Africa and Lesotho.ON BEHALF OF THE ICC INTERNATIONAL CANNABIS CORP. BOARD OF DIRECTORS"Eugene Beukman"Eugene BeukmanCEO, Director +1 (647) 7-2208info@intlcannabiscorp.comLearn more about ICC by visiting our website at: https://intlcannabiscorp.com/Stay up to date with everything happening at ICC by following or liking us on:Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/ICCWRLD/Twitter -            https://twitter.com/ICC_WRLDLinkedIn -            https://www.linkedin.com/company/icc-wrld/THE CSE HAS NOT REVIEWED AND DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS RELEASE. Notice Regarding Forward Looking Information: This news release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities law. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as "plan", "continue", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "may", "will", "potential", "proposed" and other similar words, or information that certain events or conditions "may" or "will" occur. This information is only a prediction. Various assumptions were used in drawing the conclusions or making the projections contained in the forward-looking information throughout this news release. Forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to: political changes in Canada and internationally, future legislative and regulatory developments involving cannabis in Canada and internationally, the Company's ability to secure distribution channels in international jurisdictions, competition and other risks affecting the Company in particular and the cannabis industry generally. The forward-looking information contained in this release is expressly qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements and is made as of the date of this release. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws, the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward- looking information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or results, or otherwise. Load-Date: April 9, 2019End of Document

International Cannabis Completes Strategic Investment Into Pioneering Biosynthesis Cannabinoid Company; Formed by Leading Group of MIT/Harvard Healthcare ProfessionalsGlobeNewswireApril 8, 2019 Monday 4:00 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENTLength: 1410 wordsBodyVANCOUVER, British Columbia, April  08, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ICC International Cannabis Corp. (CSE: WRLD.U)(FWB: 8K51)(OTC: WLDCF) ("ICC" or "International Cannabis" or the "Company") is pleased to announce the completion of a USD $1.2 million strategic investment into Biotii Technologies Corp. ("Biotii"), a leading private biotechnology company, based out of Boston, Massachusetts, USA.Biotii is actively pursuing genetically engineered microorganisms that express cannabinoid profiles identical to those found in nature, at a fraction of the cost of current cannabis production methods and with more consistent production quality. Biotii is also endeavoring to replicate similar target drug molecules that cannot be easily manufactured utilizing chemical processes alone.Eugene Beukman, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of International Cannabis, stated: "ICC continues its pursuit of identifying and investing in leading cannabis technology companies. We are thoroughly impressed with the Biotii team, which consists of proven innovators from world-class institutions, whom we believe are en route to potentially disrupt a very large part of the cannabis value chain. ICC will continue to support Biotii's distinguished team in their pursuit to bring economies of scale using biosynthesis to the cannabis industry. This investment enhances ICC's ability to capture significant IP and market share in the fast-developing biosynthesis market for cannabinoids."Due to recent technological advances with respect to gene editing, in-silico protein modeling and semi-automated high throughput robotics, Biotii has the foundation to expedite its molecular biology research, allowing the company to spearhead into large-scale production with a wide portfolio of intellectual property ("IP"). Biotii's evolving IP portfolio will consist of:• Synthetic cannabinoids;• Designer enzymes;• Proprietary enzyme pathway; and,• GMO microorganisms.Biotii's scalable synthesizing process will enable the manufacture of lesser-known cannabis compounds, as well as tetrahydrocannabinol ("THC") and cannabidiol ("CBD") at materially lower costs when compared to conventional cultivation and extraction processes. Traditional cultivation of cannabis plants for the purpose of extracting cannabidiolic acid ("CBDA"), THC and CBD is a time, labor and resource intensive endeavor that can result in depressed extraction yields of approximately 2.5%.An alternative tool for the production of cannabinoids is biosynthetic engineering, where single cell organisms are programmed to synthesize the enzymes for the metabolic pathway that generates cannabinoids from sugars. Biotii intends to leverage a unique system to mass manufacture large quantities of cannabinoids with a smaller environment footprint than other known methods.By 2020, the Biotii team intends to establish processes to mass-produce CBD/THC in quantities of hundreds of metric tons per annum, which boast:• Stable and consistent yields,• Pharmaceutical grade purities; and,• The lowest production costs in the space.Biotii is equipped with the human capital and industry expertise necessary to effectively implement food and pharmaceutical grade GMP practices while scaling emerging cannabinoid biosynthesis to thousands of liters in a semi/continuous environment.Dr. John Harrold, Biotii's Chief Executive Officer, and Sisi Ni, Chief Product Officer, commented: "Biotii looks forward to progressing our technology alongside ICC and their robust cannabis platform. ICC has earned a reputation of being a thought leader in the space and we are excited by the possibilities of tapping into ICC's unique expertise and resources as we look to disrupt the cannabis industry."Dr. Harrold is an MIT instructor with expertise in end-to-end bio-lab management, and a proven entrepreneur having previously championed four start-ups, including two funded by the National Science Foundation. Dr. Ni is an MIT trained materials scientist and engineer who was previously named as one of Forbes' 30 under 30.Biotii has forged mission critical relationships with leading medical research institutions in both the United States and China. In addition to Dr. Harrold and Dr. Ni, the Biotii team is also led by:• Casey Solomon, PhD - Chief Science Officer / Lead Scientist: A University of Minnesota graduate and a visiting Assistant Professor of St. Olaf College with extensive expertise in biochemistry and molecular biology. Dr. Solomon is a resident expert in yeast engineering, E. coli engineering, and molecular pathway engineering. • Ryan Hubbard, MD - Chief Medical Officer: A former instructor at Mayo Clinic Graduate School of Medicine with 25+ publications, posters, and oral presentations. Dr. Hubbard graduated with an M.D. from Georgetown University Medical School and a B.A. from Davidson before joining a fellowship at the Andrews Institute for Orthopaedic and Sports Medicine.• Nona Tian, PhD - Science Advisor / Affiliated Researcher: A Xiamen University PhD graduate in Cell and Molecular Biology with a B.S. in biotechnology. She is a successful startup co-founder with extensive bioengineering experience.• Peter Liu - Technology Advisor / Affiliated Researcher: A Xiamen University graduate with a B.S. in biotechnology. Mr. Liu is a seasoned protein engineer and startup co-founder that received various grants from the Chinese Government for bioengineering initiativesThis strategic investment grants International Cannabis a right of first refusal ("ROFR") with respect to all future Biotii financings.ABOUT BIOTII  Biotii Technologies Corp. strives to genetically engineer microorganisms to produce cannabinoids identical to those found in nature, while meeting both the standards of the current cannabis industry and the more demanding standards demanded by the consumer packaged goods and pharmaceutical companies    all at a small fraction of the cost of current producers.ABOUT INTERNATIONAL CANNABIS ICC International Cannabis, through its subsidiaries, has operating assets and is developing a world-class platform for cultivation, extraction, formulation and distribution across the globe in the United Kingdom, Denmark, Poland, Switzerland, Germany, Macedonia, Bulgaria, Serbia, Croatia, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Malta, Colombia, Argentina, Australia, South Africa and Lesotho.ON BEHALF OF THE ICC INTERNATIONAL CANNABIS CORP. BOARD OF DIRECTORS"Eugene Beukman"Eugene BeukmanCEO, Director +1 (647) 7-2208info@intlcannabiscorp.comLearn more about ICC by visiting our website at: https://intlcannabiscorp.com/Stay up to date with everything happening at ICC by following or liking us on:Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/ICCWRLD/Twitter -            https://twitter.com/ICC_WRLDLinkedIn -            https://www.linkedin.com/company/icc-wrld/THE CSE HAS NOT REVIEWED AND DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS RELEASE. Notice Regarding Forward Looking Information: This news release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities law. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as "plan", "continue", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "may", "will", "potential", "proposed" and other similar words, or information that certain events or conditions "may" or "will" occur. This information is only a prediction. Various assumptions were used in drawing the conclusions or making the projections contained in the forward-looking information throughout this news release. Forward-looking information includes, but is not limited to: political changes in Canada and internationally, future legislative and regulatory developments involving cannabis in Canada and internationally, the Company's ability to secure distribution channels in international jurisdictions, competition and other risks affecting the Company in particular and the cannabis industry generally. The forward-looking information contained in this release is expressly qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements and is made as of the date of this release. Except as may be required by applicable securities laws, the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward- looking information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or results, or otherwise.Load-Date: April 9, 2019End of Document

Apple Will Come to Regret Promoting Itself as a Protector of ConsumersTheStreet.comJune 5, 2019 Wednesday 9:27 AM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 961 wordsByline: Jon MarkmanHighlight: Apple CEO Tim Cook has been making the case that big technology companies should be regulated. Of course, at the time, he meant businesses other than Apple.BodyYou may recall an adage that cautions about planting seeds of discontent. You reap what you sow.The Verge reported Tuesday that a pair of smartphone app developers are  to sue Apple  . They claim the Cupertino-based company maintains an improper monopoly over iPhone apps.It's part of a growing trend of legal complaints against Apple. It bears watching carefully.For the better part of two years, Tim Cook, Apple's globe-trotting chief executive officer, has been making the case that big technology companies should be regulated. Of course, at the time, he meant businesses other than Apple.Cook has become a privacy evangelist of sorts. Companies like Facebook  and Alphabet  he contends, are weaponizing surveillance by building advertising software that tracks users across the web, and thanks to the sensors inside iPhones and Androids, in the physical world, too.That data, combined with text messages and phone calls, is especially valuable. Unfortunately, Apple's real track record is not great.When given the opportunity to protect sensitive user data outside of the United States, the company has repeatedly erred on the side of selling more iPhones.When the Chinese state government demanded that Apple store the iCloud security keys locally, company  , making actual surveillance of Chinese iPhone customers much easier. And a similar process is quietly unfolding in Russia, according to a  from Foreign Policy.Despite this, Cook and company continue to play to user fears.By conflating internet advertising with lost privacy, Cook has successfully weaponized the debate. He's cleverly positioned Apple as a protector of consumers, arguing that its product is expensive iPhones, Macs and iPads, not sensitive user data.It's a compelling argument, by design. So it must be somewhat of a shock in Cupertino that the company is now a target of app developers, government regulators and U.S. presidential hopefuls.Code writers and regulators complain Apple is leveraging its control over the App Store to the detriment of consumers.There is no way to get third party software onto iPhones without the Cupertino stamp of approval. Every app is relentlessly reviewed, and when they do get the OK, Apple demands as much as a 30% cut of most revenues, off the top.Apple managers argue the review process benefits all iPhone users. It prevents malware and promotes a better user experience through more polished applications.However, last month the Supreme Court  an argument from Apple lawyers trying to squash another case claiming the App Store was an illegal monopoly.Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a legal scholar and Democrat candidate for president, has made the augment that Apple should either forfeit the App Store, or not build apps that compete with developers. She contends that the 30% fee amounts to a punitive tax for developers, and gives Apple an unfair advantage.Apple Music competes head-to-head with Spotify  on iPhones. The Swedish music streaming giant has amassed approximately 100 million paying customers.New York Magazinereported in March that Spotify managers filed a formal complaint with the European Union, alleging Apple was acting as both a streaming music player and the referee. Cupertino takes advantages of the platform, and penalizes competitors with a different set of rules.Apple Music, for example, is the default streaming option for iPhones. This selection can't be changed, even for Spotify customers. Also, software engineers are denied access to iPhone APIs for the delivery of podcasts, and the ability to send push notifications offering savings.And the advantages are certain to grow with "Sign in With Apple," a new privacy-oriented one -step sign-in button. In theory, SWA, like the Facebook, Google and Twitter buttons that have become ubiquitous across the web, will let users log in to websites without providing an email address and other credentials.The kicker is Apple plans to make this button  for third party App Store developers, like Spotify. As Ben Thompson, an analyst at Stratechery  , that means SWA is probably coming to websites and even Android apps.Say what you want, that seems like a monopolistic move to me.I haven't been a fan of Apple shares for some time. I believe its transition to services is more style than substance. It's hard for me to imagine its upcoming video streaming service seriously competing with Netflix  , let alone the Disney  streaming behemoth coming later this year.And app developers like Spotify already have a legitimate gripe with App Store limitations. SWA may be a bridge too far. By comparison, Google lets Android users change the default settings for maps, search, browsers and even the camera. Google login buttons are not mandatory.Apple shares trade at just 14.1x forward earnings and only 3.2x sales. That may seem cheap relative to other large tech companies, however, future earnings are likely to fall as the company trades high margin iPhone sales for low margins services revenues. Apple shares are down about 14% to $180 over the last last month due largely to U.S.-China trade concerns. While the stock may rally back toward $200 in the near term, I would avoid it. Pointing regulators toward big tech may be the single worst move in the company's long history.Facebook, Apple, Disney and Alphabet are holdings in Jim Cramer'sAction Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells these stocks?            Learn more now.To learn more about Jon Markman's stock picks at the crossroads of culture and technology, check out his daily investment newsletter Strategic Advantage. To learn about Markman's practical research in the short-term timing of market indexes and commodities, check out his daily newsletter   .Load-Date: June 6, 2019End of Document

Siltronic Lowers Full Year Sales Guidance, Blames Geopolitical UncertaintiesMT Newswires Live Briefs PROJune 18, 2019 Tuesday 7:59 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 314 wordsBody Shares of German semiconductor group Siltronic (WAF.DE, WAF.F, SSLLF) slumped on Tuesday after the company blamed the ongoing US-China trade row for its decision to cut its fiscal 2019 sales and operating earnings outlook.The group, which is the fourth-largest producer in the world of plates with hyper-pure silicon, said in a trading update that sales in the current financial year were expected to be about 10% to 15% below the previous year, versus a previous estimate of a decline of 5% to 10%. Depending on wider market developments, such as the impact of foreign exchange rates, revenue in the fiscal second quarter is set to lag sequentially from the first three months and a decline is also likely in the third quarter.  The Munich-based firm said the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization margin was anticipated to come in the range of 30% to 35%, compared with an earlier forecast of between 33% and 37%, with net positive cash flow also declining in the months ahead.The trade dispute between the US and China continues, with the much talked about meeting between China's President Xi Jinping and President Donald Trump at the G-20 summit in Osaka, Japan, still unconfirmed. The US has threatened to impose fresh tariffs of $300 billion on Chinese imports if a resolution is not reached between the two countries."Siltronic currently sees a continuing slowdown of the semiconductor industry, which is driven by geopolitical uncertainties, and the negative impact of export restrictions by the US government against Chinese technology companies," the statement said. "These developments indirectly affect important customers of Siltronic, which have therefore significantly reduced orders for the second half of 2019."Shares of Siltronic slumped by more than 10% at the time of writing in Frankfurt.Price: 50.02, Change: -7.62, Percent Change: -13.22Load-Date: June 19, 2019End of Document

Sustainability Journal Issues 344 Research Articles in Part 1 of April 2019 EditionTargeted News ServiceApril 23, 2019 Tuesday 7:50 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 6309 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: BASEL, Switzerland BodySustainability, a peer-reviewed open access journal on environmental, cultural, economic and social sustainability of human beings, published 344 research articles on the following topics in its April 2019 edition:* A Bibliometric Analysis of International Competitiveness (1983-2017)* A Decision-Making Algorithm for Maritime Search and Rescue Plan* A Dominance-Based Network Method for Ranking Efficient Decision-Making Units in Data Envelopment Analysis* A Dynamic Strategy for Home Pick-Up Service with Uncertain Customer Requests and Its Implementation* A Field Method for Landscape Conservation Surveying: The Landscape Assessment Protocol (LAP)* A Foundation for Measuring Community Sustainability* A Hybrid GA with Variable Quay Crane Assignment for Solving Berth Allocation Problem and Quay Crane Assignment Problem Simultaneously* A Novel Hybrid Evolutionary Data-Intelligence Algorithm for Irrigation and Power Production Management: Application to Multi-Purpose Reservoir Systems* A Novel ICT Framework for Sustainable Development Goals* A Panel Investigation of High-Speed Rail (HSR) and Urban Transport on China's Carbon Footprint* A Perspective Over Modern SMEs: Managing Brand Equity, Growth and Sustainability Through Digital Marketing Tools and Techniques* A Price-Forecast-Based Irrigation Scheduling Optimization Model under the Response of Fruit Quality and Price to Water* A Projection of Extreme Precipitation Based on a Selection of CMIP5 GCMs over North Korea* A Retrospective Comparison of Water Quality Treatment in a Bioretention Cell 16 Years Following Initial Analysis* A Study on Changes to the Form of Children's Playgrounds in Japan by Analyzing the JILA Selected Works of Landscape Architecture* A Two-Sided Matching Model for Task Distribution in Ridesharing: A Sustainable Operations Perspective* Achieving Sustainable Development Goals (SDG): Implementation of the 2030 Agenda in Romania* Adaptability of Cattle-Raising to Multiple Stressors in the Dry Tropics of Chiapas, Mexico* Adaptation to Climate Change and its Impacts on Wheat Yield: Perspective of Farmers in Henan of China* An Efficiency-Based Approach for Selecting Electronic Markets in Sustainable Electronic Business: A SME's Perspective* An Empirical Analysis of Bitcoin Price Jump Risk* An Empirical Analysis of Brand as Symbol, Perceived Transaction Value, Perceived Acquisition Value and Customer Loyalty Using Structural Equation Modeling* An Empirical Study on the Comprehensive Optimization Method of a Train Diagram of the China High Speed Railway Express* An Index-Based Assessment of Perceived Climate Risk and Vulnerability for the Urban Cluster in the Yangtze River Delta Region of China* An Integrated Indicator System and Evaluation Model for Regional Sustainable Development* An Integrated Multi-Criteria Decision-Making Model Based on Prospect Theory for Green Supplier Selection under Uncertain Environment: A Case Study of the Thailand Palm Oil Products Industry* An Investigation on Factors Affecting Stock Valuation Using Text Mining for Automated Trading* Analysis and Comparison of Economic and Financial Risk Sources in SMEs of the Visegrad Group and Serbia* Analysis and Prediction of Water Quality Using LSTM Deep Neural Networks in IoT Environment* Analysis of a CO2 Transcritical Refrigeration Cycle with a Vortex Tube Expansion* Analysis of Sustainable Transport for Smart Cities* Analysis of Three-Dimensional Space Expansion Characteristics in Old Industrial Area Renewal Using GIS and Barista: A Case Study of Tiexi District, Shenyang, China* Analyzing the Determinants of Individual Action on Climate Change by Specifying the Roles of Six Values in South Korea* Application and Validation of a Municipal Administrative Area Spatial Zoning Model in Village-Town System Planning* Application of Fuzzy Optimization Model Based on Entropy Weight Method in Atmospheric Quality Evaluation: A Case Study of Zhejiang Province, China* Application of Game Theory to Conflict Management in a Construction Contract* Application of Information Technology in Preschool Aesthetic Teaching from the Perspective of Sustainable Management* Application of SWAT Model with a Modified Groundwater Module to the Semi-Arid Hailiutu River Catchment, Northwest China* Archaeometry's Role in Cultural Heritage Sustainability and Development* Assessing the Carbon Emission Driven by the Consumption of Carbohydrate-Rich Foods: The Case of China* Assessing the Ecological Carrying Capacity Based on Revised Three-Dimensional Ecological Footprint Model in Inner Mongolia, China* Assessing the Environmental Quality Resulting from Damages to Human-Nature Interactions Caused by Population Increase: A Systems Thinking Approach* Assessing the Heat Vulnerability of Different Local Climate Zones in the Old Areas of a Chinese Megacity* Assessing the Performance of UAS-Compatible Multispectral and Hyperspectral Sensors for Soil Organic Carbon Prediction* Assessment of Alkali Activation Potential of a Polish Ferronickel Slag* Assessment of the Thermal Behaviour of Rammed Earth Walls in the Summer Period* Barriers for the Sustainable Development of Entertainment Tourism in Macau* Barriers to Adoption of Water-Saving Habits in Residential Buildings in Hong Kong* Barriers to and Drivers for Improved Energy Efficiency in the Swedish Aluminium Industry and Aluminium Casting Foundries* Belt and Road Initiative and Railway Sector Efficiency--Application of Networked Benchmarking Analysis* Big Data-Based Evaluation of Urban Parks: A Chinese Case Study* BIM and E-Negotiation Practices in AEC Consulting Businesses* Biocultural Heritages in Mallorca: Explaining the Resilience of Peasant Landscapes within a Mediterranean Tourist Hotspot, 1870-2016* Biodiesel and Crude Glycerol from Waste Frying Oil: Production, Characterization and Evaluation of Biodiesel Oxidative Stability with Diesel Blends* Biting the Bullet: Dealing with the Annual Hunger Gap in the Alaotra, Madagascar* Body Esteem among Korean Adolescent Boys and Girls* Business Models for Sustainable Finance: The Case Study of Social Impact Bonds* Can Pay-As-You-Go, Digitally Enabled Business Models Support Sustainability Transformations in Developing Countries? Outstanding Questions and a Theoretical Basis for Future Research* Changes in Vegetation Greenness in the Upper and Middle Reaches of the Yellow River Basin over 2000-2015* Characteristics of Residential Space in Response to Changed Lifestyles: Focusing on the Characteristics of Residents and the Relationship between Individual and Family* Chemical or Natural? Including LCA in Social CBA to Compare Remediation Alternatives for a Dry-Cleaning Facility* Classifying Urban Climate Zones (UCZs) Based on Spatial Statistical Analyses* Commitment to Environmental and Climate Change Sustainability under Competition* Committing to the Climate: A Global Study of Accountable Climate Targets* Comparative Analysis of Production Possibility Frontier in Measuring Social Efficiency with Data Envelopment Analysis: An Application to Airports* Comparative Analysis of Two Urban Microclimates: Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas Emissions* Comparison of Assessment Systems for Green Building and Green Civil Infrastructure* Comparison of Four Environmental Assessment Tools in Swedish Manufacturing: A Case Study* Comparison of Learning Effects of Merging TPSR Respectively with Sport Education and Traditional Teaching Model in High School Physical Education Classes* Comparisons of Acid and Water Solubilities of Rice Straw Ash Together with Its Major Ash-Forming Elements at Different Ashing Temperatures: An Experimental Study* Comprehensive Assessment of Water Footprints and Water Scarcity Pressure for Main Crops in Shandong Province, China* Comprehensive Research on Remote Sensing Monitoring of Grassland Degradation: A Case Study in the Three-River Source Region, China* Conceptualising the Factors that Influence the Commercialisation of Non-Timber Forest Products: The Case of Wild Plant Gathering by Organic Herb Farmers in South Tyrol (Italy)* Conservation Opportunities of the Land Restitution Program Areas in the Colombian Post-Conflict Period* Consumer Needs for Hand-Touch Product Designs Based on the Experience Economy* Context as a Provider of Key Resources for Succession: A Case Study of Sustainable Family Firms* Contrasting Effects of Tillage and Landscape Structure on Spiders and Springtails in Vineyards* Corporate Social Performance, Financialization, and Real Investment in US Manufacturing Firms* Corporate Social Responsibility Practices in the U.S.: Using Reverse Supply Chain Network Design and Optimization Considering Carbon Cost* Coupling Research on Land Use and Travel Behaviors Along the Tram Based on Accessibility Measurement--Taking Nanjing Chilin Tram Line 1 as an Example* Cropland Use Transitions and Their Driving Factors in Poverty-Stricken Counties of Western Hubei Province, China* Cross-Scale Water and Land Impacts of Local Climate and Energy Policy--A Local Swedish Analysis of Selected SDG Interactions* Cruise Passengers' Intention and Sustainable Management of Cruise Destinations* Decomposition Analysis of Greenhouse Gas Emissions in Korea's Transportation Sector* Defying the Footprint Oracle: Implications of Country Resource Trends* Design and Performance Characterization of Roadside Bioretention Systems* Determinants and Outcomes of Volunteer Satisfaction in Mega Sports Events* Determinants and Policy Implications of Farmers' Climate Adaptation Choices in Rural Cameroon* Determining Appropriate Lane-Changing Spacing for Off-Ramp Areas of Urban Expressways* Development of a Homogenous Cement Slurry Using Synthetic Modified Phyllosilicate while Cementing HPHT Wells* Development of Macro-Level Safety Performance Functions in the City of Naples* Devising a Competence-Based Training Program for Educators of Sustainable Development: Lessons Learned* Didactic Strategies to Promote Competencies in Sustainability* Differences of Restorative Effects While Viewing Urban Landscapes and Green Landscapes* Differentiation Strategy, R&#38;D Intensity, and Sustainability of Accounting Earnings: With a Focus on Biotech Firms* Disaggregation Method of Carbon Emission: A Case Study in Wuhan, China* Disclosure Style and Its Determinants in Integrated Reports* Discussion on Sustainable Development Strategies of the Traditional Handicraft Industry Based on Su-Style Furniture in the Ming Dynasty* Disgusting or Innovative-Consumer Willingness to Pay for Insect Based Burger Patties in Germany* Distribution Characteristics and Pollution Assessment of Soil Heavy Metals under Different Land-Use Types in Xuzhou City, China* Do Corporate Social Responsibility and Corporate Governance Influence Intellectual Capital Efficiency?* Do Energy Conservation Strategies Limit the Freedom of Architecture Design? A Case Study of Minsheng Community, Taipei, Taiwan* Do Hierarchical Jumps in CEO Succession Invigorate Innovation? Evidence from Chinese Economy* Do Sociodemographic Characteristics in Waste Management Matter? Case Study of Recyclable Generation in the Czech Republic* Do the Social Responsibility Efforts of the Destination Affect the Loyalty of Tourists?* Do Urban Food Deserts Exist in the Global South? An Analysis of Nairobi and Mexico City* Does Identification Influence Continuous E-Commerce Consumption? The Mediating Role of Intrinsic Motivations* Does More Managerial Power Impede or Promote Corporate Tax Avoidance? Evidence from Listed Chinese Companies* Domestic Socioeconomic Barriers to Hydropower Trading: Evidence from Bhutan and Nepal* Dynamic Scheduling Based on Predicted Inventory Variation Rate for Public Bicycle System* Eco-friendly Pressure Drop Dehumidifier: An Experimental and Numerical Analysis* Economic Development and Female Labour Force Participation: The Case of European Union Countries* Economic, Environmental and Social Benefits of Adoption of Pyrolysis Process of Tires: A Feasible and Ecofriendly Mode to Reduce the Impacts of Scrap Tires in Brazil* Ecosocial Innovations and Their Capacity to Integrate Ecological, Economic and Social Sustainability Transition* Effect of Carbon/Nitrogen Ratio, Temperature, and Inoculum Source on Hydrogen Production from Dark Codigestion of Fruit Peels and Sewage Sludge* Effect of Mix Constituents and Curing Conditions on Compressive Strength of Sustainable Self-Consolidating Concrete* Effect of Social Security System on Consumption through Income and Uncertainty: Evidence from China* Effects of Environmental Regulations on Technological Innovation Efficiency in China's Industrial Enterprises: A Spatial Analysis* Effects of Human Factors and Lean Techniques on Just in Time Benefits* Effects of Putrescine Application on Peach Fruit during Storage* Enhanced Community Production rather than Structure Improvement under Nitrogen and Phosphorus Addition in Severely Degraded Alpine Meadows* Enhancing the Teaching and Learning Process Using Video Streaming Servers and Forecasting Techniques* Environmental Optimization of Precast Concrete Beams Using Fibre Reinforced Polymers* Environmentally Friendly Production of Methane from Natural Gas Hydrate Using Carbon Dioxide* Estimating the Effects of Economic Agglomeration on Haze Pollution in Yangtze River Delta China Using an Econometric Analysis* Estimation of Gridded Population and GDP Scenarios with Spatially Explicit Statistical Downscaling* Evaluating the Environmental-Technology Gaps of Rice Farms in Distinct Agro-Ecological Zones of Ghana* Evaluation and Influencing Factors of Sustainable Development Capability of Agriculture in Countries along the Belt and Road Route* Evaluation of Suitable Amount of Water and Fertilizer for Mature Grapes in Drip Irrigation in Extreme Arid Regions* Event and Sustainable Culture-Led Regeneration: Lessons from the 2008 European Capital of Culture, Liverpool* Examining German Media Coverage of the Re-Evaluation of Glyphosate* Exogenously Applied Bio-Stimulant and Synthetic Fertilizers to Improve the Growth, Yield and Fiber Quality of Cotton* Experiencing LoRa Network Establishment on a Smart Energy Campus Testbed* Exploring Gaps between Bottom-Up and Top-Down Emission Estimates Based on Uncertainties in Multiple Emission Inventories: A Case Study on CH4 Emissions in China* Exploring the Adequacy of Massive Constructed Public Housing in China* Facing Climate Change: What Drives Internal Migration Decisions in the Karst Rocky Regions of Southwest China* Factors Influence China's Off-Site Construction Technology Innovation Diffusion* Factors Triggering Customer Willingness to Travel on Environmentally Responsible Electric Airplanes* Family Involvement in Management and Product Innovation: The Mediating Role of R&#38;D Strategies* Federation and Orchestration: A Scalable Solution for EU Multimodal Travel Information Services* Field Evaluation of the Dust Impacts from Construction Sites on Surrounding Areas: A City Case Study in China* Field Test and Analysis of Energy-Saving Effects of Energy-Recovery Ventilators on Heat-Pump Electricity Consumption in a Classroom* Fine-Scale Spatiotemporal Analysis of Population Vulnerability to Earthquake Disasters: Theoretical Models and Application to Cities* Fishing Community Sustainability Planning: A Roadmap and Examples from the California Coast* Flight Path 2050 and ACARE Goals for Maintaining and Extending Industrial Leadership in Aviation: A Map of the Aviation Technology Space* Flying Green from a Carbon Neutral Airport: The Case of Brussels* Fostering Community Values through Meal Sharing with Strangers* From Landfills to the Dinner Table: Red Grape Pomace Waste as a Nutraceutical for Broiler Chickens* Gas Multiple Flow Mechanisms and Apparent Permeability Evaluation in Shale Reservoirs* Governance Challenges in Addressing Climatic Concerns in Coastal Asia and Africa* Grazing Exclusion, a Choice between Biomass Growth and Species Diversity Maintenance in Beijing--Tianjin Sand Source Control Project* Green Credit and Company R&#38;D Level: Empirical Research Based on Threshold Effects* Guided High-Quality Development, Resources, and Environmental Forcing in China's Green Development* Gully Erosion Induced by Snowmelt in Northeast China: A Case Study* Hardware-Based Adaptive Terrain Mesh Using Temporal Coherence for Real-Time Landscape Visualization* Heterogeneity in the Chemical Composition of Biofertilizers, Potential Agronomic Use, and Heavy Metal Contents of Different Agro-Industrial Wastes* Horizontal Heat Impacts of a Building on Various Soil Layer Depths in Beijing City* Hospitals' Financial Health in Rural and Urban Areas in Poland: Does It Ensure Sustainability?* Households' Assets Dynamics and Ecotourism Choices in the Western Highlands of Cameroon* How Consistent Contributors Inspire Individuals to Cooperate: The Role of Moral Elevation and Social Value Orientation* How Development Affects News Media Coverage of Earthquakes: Implications for Disaster Risk Reduction in Observing Communities* How Do Farmers Respond to Water Resources Management Policy in the Heihe River Basin of China?* How Do Spatial Patterns Impact Regulation of Water-Related Ecosystem Services? Insights from a New Town Development in the Yangtze River Delta, China* How Does Energy Misallocation Affect Carbon Emission Efficiency in China? An Empirical Study Based on the Spatial Econometric Model* How Does Licensing Remanufacturing Affect the Supply Chain Considering Customer Environmental Awareness?* Human Health and Well-Being in Relation to Circular and Flexible Infill Design: Assessment Criteria on the Operational Level* Identification and Evaluation of Landscape as a Precondition for Planning Revitalization and Development of Mediterranean Rural Settlements--Case Study: Mrkovi Village, Bay of Kotor, Montenegro* Identification of Arable Marginal Lands under Rainfed Conditions for Bioenergy Purposes in Spain* Identifying Factors Associated with Food Losses during Transportation: Potentials for Social Purposes* Identifying Factors that Influence the Patterns of Road Crashes Using Association Rules: A case Study from Wisconsin, United States* Impact of Non-Agricultural Employment and Environmental Awareness on Farmers' Willingness to Govern the Heavy Metal Pollution of Farmland: A Case Study of China* Impact of Population Density on PM2.5 Concentrations: A Case Study in Shanghai, China* Impact of PSO Reinitialization on the Accuracy of Dynamic Global Maximum Power Detection of Variant Partially Shaded PV Systems* Impacts of Inter-Basin Water Transfer Projects on Optimal Water Resources Allocation in the Hanjiang River Basin, China* Implementing Competence Orientation: Towards Constructively Aligned Education for Sustainable Development in University-Level Teaching-And-Learning* Implications of Fiscal Pressure on the Sustainability of the Equilibrium and Performance of Companies. Evidences in the Rubber and Plastic Industry from Romania* Improving the Impact of Green Construction Management on the Quality of Highway Engineering Projects* Including Urban Metabolism Principles in Decision-Making: A Methodology for Planning Waste and Resource Management* Inclusive Financial Development and Multidimensional Poverty Reduction: An Empirical Assessment from Rural China* Industrial Symbiosis Dynamics, a Strategy to Accomplish Complex Analysis: The Dunkirk Case Study* Ingredients of Sustainable CEO Behaviour: Theory and Practice* Innovation, Mark-Up and Firm Growth: Evidence from China's New Generation IT Industry* Integrating Sustainability and Lean: SLIM Method and Enterprise Game Proposed* Interconnections Accelerate Collapse in a Socio-Ecological Metapopulation* Internationalization and Its Discontents: Help-Seeking Behaviors of Students in a Multicultural Environment Regarding Acculturative Stress and Depression* Interpretive Structural Model Based Factor Analysis of BIM Adoption in Chinese Construction Organizations* Investigating the Constraints to Buidling Information Modeling (BIM) Applications for Sustainable Building Projects: A Case of China* Investigation of a Farm-scale Multitrophic Recirculating Aquaculture System with the Addition of Rhodovulum sulfidophilum for Milkfish (Chanos chanos) Coastal Aquaculture* Investigation on the Possibility of Increasing the Environmental Safety and Fuel Efficiency of Vehicles by Means of Gasoline Nano-Additive* Investment Strategy of Chinese Terminal Operators along the "21st-Century Maritime Silk Road"* Investment Valuation Model of Public Rental Housing PPP Project for Private Sector: A Real Option Perspective* Is Population Growth an Environmental Problem? Teachers' Perceptions and Attitudes towards Including It in Their Teaching* Judgement of Transport Security, Risk Sensitivity and Travel Mode Use in Urban Areas* Land Use Change in Coastal Cities during the Rapid Urbanization Period from 1990 to 2016: A Case Study in Ningbo City, China* Learning from Italian Typology- and Morphology-Led Planning Techniques: A Planning Framework for Yingping, Xiamen* Life Cycle Assessment of SEWGS Technology Applied to Integrated Steel Plants* Linking Entrepreneurial Skills and Opportunity Recognition with Improved Food Distribution in the Context of the CPEC: A Case of Pakistan* Linking Prohibited Grazing Policy to Farmers' Subjective Well-Being: A Case Study in Yanchi County, China* Lipid-Extracted Algae as a Soil Amendment Can Increase Soil Salinization and Reduce Forage Growth* M-Government Cooperation for Sustainable Development in China: A Transaction Cost and Resource-Based View* Mapping Methodology of Public Urban Green Spaces Using GIS: An Example of Nagpur City, India* Measuring Industrial Customer Satisfaction: The Case of the Natural Gas Market in Greece* Measuring the Efficiency of Public and Private Delivery Forms: An Application to the Waste Collection Service Using Order-M Data Panel Frontier Analysis* Modeling American Household Fluid Milk Consumption and their Resulting Greenhouse Gas Emissions* Modeling the Unobserved Heterogeneity in E-bike Collision Severity Using Full Bayesian Random Parameters Multinomial Logit Regression* Modelling Sustainable Urban Transport Performance in the Jakarta city Region: A GIS Approach* Moderating Effects of Firm Size and Leverage on the Working Capital Finance-Profitability Relationship: Evidence from China* Multi-Conflicts between the Government, the Non-Profit Organisation and the People after a Serious Landslide Disaster Based Upon Qualitative Analysis* Multi-Criteria Decision Making for Sustainability and Value Assessment in Early PSS Design* Multi-Scale Assessment of the Economic Impacts of Flooding: Evidence from Firm to Macro-Level Analysis in the Chinese Manufacturing Sector* Multilevel Governments' Decision-Making Process and Its Influencing Factors in Watershed Ecological Compensation* Multitemporal Geospatial Evaluation of Urban Agriculture and (Non)-Sustainable Food Self-Provisioning in Milan, Italy* Neighborhood Environment, Lifestyle, and Health of Older Adults: Comparison of Age Groups Based on Ecological Model of Aging* Network Position Advantage and Technological Innovation of China's New Energy Vehicle Based on the Perspective of Network Theory* Nonproliferation and Security Implications of the Evolving Civil Nuclear Export Market* Nutrient Pollutants in Surface Water--Assessing Trends in Drinking Water Resource Quality for a Regional City in Central Europe* On the Inevitable Bounding of Pluralism in ESE--An Empirical Study of the Swedish Green Flag Initiative* On the Use of Satellite Imagery and GIS Tools to Detect and Characterize the Urbanization around Heritage Sites: The Case Studies of the Catacombs of Mustafa Kamel in Alexandria, Egypt and the Aragonese Castle in Baia, Italy* Optimal Design of a Distributed Energy System Using the Functional Interval Model That Allows Reduced Carbon Emissions in Guanzhong, a Rural Area of China* Optimal Orientation and Tilt Angle for Maximizing in-Plane Solar Irradiation for PV Applications in Japan* Optimal Photovoltaic/Battery Energy Storage/Electric Vehicle Charging Station Design Based on Multi-Agent Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm* Optimal Sizing of Seawater Pumped Storage Plant with Variable-Speed Units Considering Offshore Wind Power Accommodation* Optimization of Concrete Mixture Design Using Adaptive Surrogate Model* Optimizing State Forest Institutions for Forest People: A Case Study on Social Sustainability from Tunisia* Overview of Solid Backfilling Technology Based on Coal-Waste Underground Separation in China* Oxcart Route in the City: Tracking the Urbanization Process of an Agricultural Village in Korea* Parameter Setting for a Genetic Algorithm Layout Planner as a Toll of Sustainable Manufacturing* Passenger Repurchase Behaviours in the Green Cruise Line Context: Exploring the Role of Quality, Image, and Physical Environment* Paying Returns to Shareholders of Water Utilities: Evidence from Italy* Payment for Rice Growers to Reduce Using N Fertilizer in the GHG Mitigation Program Driven by the Government: Evidence from Shanghai* Performance Assessment of a Laboratory Scale Prototype Biofiltration System in Tropical Region* Pollination Services from Insects in Homegardens in the Chengdu Plain will be Confronted with Crises* Port-2-Port Communication Enhancing Short Sea Shipping Performance: The Case Study of Cyprus and the Eastern Mediterranean* Post-Truth: Hegemony on Social Media and Implications for Sustainability Communication* Predicting Parcel-Scale Redevelopment Using Linear and Logistic Regression--the Berkeley Neighborhood Denver, Colorado Case Study* Prepared to Teach for Sustainable Development? Student Teachers' Beliefs in Their Ability to Teach for Sustainable Development* Price Elasticity of Production Factors in Beijing's Picking Gardens* Prioritization and Evaluation of Land Consolidation Projects--Zitava River Basin in a Slovakian Case* Prioritizing Green Spaces for Biodiversity Conservation in Beijing Based on Habitat Network Connectivity* Probabilistic Maintenance Cost Analysis for Aged Multi-Family Housing* Profiling the Instantaneous Power Consumption of Electric Machinery in Agricultural Environments: An Algebraic Approach* Protection of Design in the Textile Industry in Order to Improve the Economic Aspect of Sustainable Development of Serbia--Comparative Overview of the Laws of the European Union and Croatia* Quantifying Farmers' Initiatives and Capacity to Cope with Drought: A Case Study of Xinghe County in Semi-Arid China* Real Estate Industry as an Urban Growth Machine: A Review of the Political Economy and Political Ecology of Urban Space Production in Mexico City* Recycled Plastic and Cork Waste for Structural Lightweight Concrete Production* Reducing Working Hours as a Means to Foster Low(er)-Carbon Lifestyles? An Exploratory Study on Swiss Employees* Relationships between Ecosystem Services and Urbanization in Jiangsu Province, Eastern China* Renewable Energy Perception by Rural Residents of a Peripheral EU Region* Research on Economic Bearing Capacity of Farmers to Agricultural Irrigation Water Prices in the Ebinur Lake Basin* Research on Risk Avoidance and Coordination of Supply Chain Subject Based on Blockchain Technology* Research on the Complex Characteristics of Freight Transportation from a Multiscale Perspective Using Freight Vehicle Trip Data* Research on Tibetan Folk's Contemporary Tibetan Cultural Adaptive Differences and Its Influencing Factors--Taking ShigatseCity, Tibet, China as an Example* Reservoir Conservation in a Micro-Watershed in Tigray, Ethiopian Highlands* Residents' Perceptions and Satisfaction toward Tourism Development: A Case Study of Petra Region, Jordan* Responsible Leadership and Salespeople's Creativity: The Mediating Effects of CSR Perceptions* Reusing Food Waste in Food Manufacturing Companies: The Case of the Tomato-Sauce Supply Chain* Revisiting Water Supply Rule Curves with Hedging Theory for Climate Change Adaptation* Roots, Riots, and Radical Change--A Road Less Travelled for Ecological Economics* Rural Credit Constraint and Informal Rural Credit Accessibility in China* Searching for the Next New Energy in Energy Transition: Comparing the Impacts of Economic Incentives on Local Acceptance of Fossil Fuels, Renewable, and Nuclear Energies* Seasonal Net Carbon Exchange in Rotation Crops in the Temperate Climate of Central Lithuania* Segmentation of Nature-Based Tourists in a Rural Area (2008-2009): A Single-Item Approach* Selected Meso-Economic Consequences of the Changing Number of Students in Academic Towns and Cities (A Case Study of Poland)* Should All Cars Be Electric by 2025? The Electric Car Debate in Europe* Signaling Trustworthiness to Stakeholders: International vs. Domestic Entrepreneurs* Simulation-Based Evaluation of the Effect of Green Roofs in Office Building Districts on Mitigating the Urban Heat Island Effect and Reducing CO2 Emissions* Smart DAG Tasks Scheduling between Trusted and Untrusted Entities Using the MCTS Method* Social Perception of Geo-Hydrological Risk in the Context of Urban Disaster Risk Reduction: A Comparison between Experts and Population in an Area of Southern Italy* Socio-Economic Viability of Urban Agriculture--A Comparative Analysis of Success Factors in Germany* Spare Parts Cost Management for Long-Term Economic Sustainability: Using Fuzzy Activity Based LCC* Spatial and Temporal Variations in Grassland Production from 2006 to 2015 in Mongolia Along the China-Mongolia Railway* Spatial Characteristics of Population Activities in Suburban Villages Based on Cellphone Signaling Analysis* Spatial Considerations for Implementing Two Direct-to-Consumer Food Models in Two States* Spatial Patterns and Driving Forces of Conflicts among the Three Land Management Red Lines in China: A Case Study of the Wuhan Urban Development Area* Spatial-Temporal Analysis of Urban Land-Use Efficiency: An Analytical Framework in Terms of Economic Transition and Spatiality* Spatio-Temporal Variation in Mountainous Landscape Changes: A Case Study of Shizhu County* Sport Spectator Consumption and Sustainable Management of Sport Event Tourism; Fan Motivation in High Performance Sport and Non-Elite Sport. A Case Study of Horseback Riding and Running: A Comparative Analysis* Storing E-waste in Green Infrastructure to Reduce Perceived Value Loss through Landfill Siting and Landscaping: A Case Study in Nanjing, China* Stormwater Utility Fees and Credits: A Funding Strategy for Sustainability* Students' Perception of Using Digital Badges in Blended Learning Classrooms* Study on Surrounding Rock-Bearing Structure and Associated Control Mechanism of Deep Soft Rock Roadway Under Dynamic Pressure* Studying the Reduction of Water Use in Integrated Solar Combined-Cycle Plants* Success or Waste of Taxpayer Money? Impact Assessment of Rural Development Programs in Hungary* Supply Chain Analysis of Cross Border Importing E-Commerce Considering with Bonded Warehouse and Direct Mailing* Support Vector Machine Algorithm for Automatically Identifying Depositional Microfacies Using Well Logs* Sustainability Development in Hospitality: The Effect of Perceived Value on Customers' Green Restaurant Behavioral Intention* Sustainability Governance in China: An Analysis of Regional Ecological Efficiency* Sustainability Transitions in Baltic Sea Shipping: Exploring the Responses of Firms to Regulatory Changes* Sustainability Value Creation, Survival, and Growth of the Company: A Critical Perspective in the Sustainability Balanced Scorecard (SBSC)* Sustainable Competitive Position of Mobile Communication Companies: Comprehensive Perspectives of Insiders and Outsiders* Sustainable Development in World Trade Law: Application of the Precautionary Principle in Korea-Radionuclides* Sustainable Financing for Sustainable Development: Agent-Based Modeling of Alternative Financing Models for Clean Energy Investments* Sustainable Infrastructure in Conflict Zones: Police Facilities' Impact on Perception of Safety in Afghan Communities* Sustainable Investment: Interrelated among Corporate Governance, Economic Performance and Market Risks Using Investor Preference Approach* Sustainable Mobility at Thirty* Sustainable Use of Cultural Heritage in the Formation of Healing Environments: A Case Study of a Healthcare Facility on a Historic Urban Site* Swedish and Scottish National Transport Policy and Spend: A Social Equity Analysis* Taxation of Wealthy Individuals, Inequality Governance and Corporate Social Responsibility* Temporal Changes in Multiple Ecosystem Services and Their Bundles Responding to Urbanization and Ecological Restoration in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Metropolitan Area* The Application of Information Technologies in Consideration of Augmented Reality and Lean Management of Enterprises in the Light of Sustainable Development* The Combined Distribution and Assignment Model: A New Solution Algorithm and Its Applications in Travel Demand Forecasting for Modern Urban Transportation* The Differential Effect of Exploration and Exploitation on Work Performances* The Effect of Intellectual Property Rights Protection in Host Economies on The Sustainable Development of China's Outward Foreign Direct Investment--Evidence from a Cross-Country Sample* The Effects of Co-Residence on the Subjective Well-Being of Older Chinese Parents* The Effects of Ecological Policy of Kyrgyzstan Based on Data Envelope Analysis* The Gender Effect on a Firm's Innovative Activities in the Emerging Economies* The Halo Effect of CSR Activity: Types of CSR Activity and Negative Information Effects* The Impact of High-Speed Rail on the Service-Sector Agglomeration in China* The Impact of Internal, External and Enterprise Risk Management on the Performance of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises* The Impacts of Locational and Neighborhood Environmental Factors on the Spatial Clustering Pattern of Small Urban Houses: A Case of Urban Residential Housing in Seoul* The Inclusion of Socially Irresponsible Companies in Sustainable Stock Indices* The Influence of Digestate on the Static Strength of Spring Rapeseeds (Brassica napus var. arvensis)* The Influence of Slope Positions on the Recovery Response of Compacted Soil Properties and Enzyme Activity in an Oriental Beech Stand in the Hyrcanian Forests, Iran* The Key Role of Variety and Method of Sowing Selection in Pea Roots' Parameters Development under Sustainable Practice* The Marceno Agroecosystem: Traditional Maize Production and Wetland Management in Tabasco, Mexico* The National Parks in the Context of Tourist Function Development in Territorially Linked Municipalities in Poland* The Non-Linear Effect of Financial Support on Energy Efficiency: Evidence from China* The Performance of Supply-Push Versus Demand-Pull Technology Transfer and the Role of Technology Marketing Strategies: The Case of a Korean Public Research Institute* The Potential Role of Short Food Supply Chains in Strengthening Periurban Agriculture in Spain: The Cases of Madrid and Barcelona* The Presentation of Automotive Brands in the On-Line Environment--The Perspective of KIA, Peugeot, Toyota and VW in the Slovak Republic* The Role of Hydrogen in the Ecological Benefits of Ultra Low Sulphur Diesel Production and Use: An LCA Benchmark* The Role of Occupational Stress in the Association between Emotional Labor and Mental Health: A Moderated Mediation Model* The Role of Transparency in Humanitarian Logistics* The Spatial Evolution of Geoeconomic Pattern among China and Neighboring Countries since the Reform and Opening-Up* The Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Soybean and Cattle Production in Brazil* Towards a Neutral North--The Urban Low Carbon Transitions of Akureyri, Iceland* Turkey's 2023 Energy Strategies and Investment Opportunities for Renewable Energy Sources: Site Selection Based on ELECTRE* University-Community Partnerships: A Local Planning Co-Production Study on Calabarzon, Philippines* Urban Transit Network Properties Evaluation and Optimization Based on Complex Network Theory* USLE K-Factor Method Selection for a Tropical Catchment* Utilization of Calcium Carbonate-Coated Wood Flour in Printing Paper and Their Conservational Properties* Variation of Greenhouse Gases Fluxes and Soil Properties with Addition of Biochar from Farm-Wastes in Volcanic and Non-Volcanic Soils* Variations and Indications of ?13CSOC and ?15NSON in Soil Profiles in Karst Critical Zone Observatory (CZO), Southwest China* Visitor Perceptions and Effectiveness of Place Branding Strategies in Thematic Parks in Bandung City Using Text Mining Based on Google Maps User Reviews* Vulnerability Analysis of Urban Rail Transit Network within Multi-Modal Public Transport Networks* Waste Heat and Water Recovery System Optimization for Flue Gas in Thermal Power Plants* Water Pollution and the Textile Industry in Bangladesh: Flawed Corporate Practices or Restrictive Opportunities?* Water Security Assessment of the Grand River Watershed in Southwestern Ontario, Canada* Wellness Pursuit and Slow Life Seeking Behaviors: Moderating Role of Festival Attachment* What Are the Features of Successful Medical Device Start-Ups? Evidence from KOREA* Who Benefits from CAP? The Way the Direct Payments System Impacts Socioeconomic Sustainability of Small Farms* Who Supports International Development Cooperation in Times of Crisis? Public Opinion in Rural SpainThe April 2019 edition of the Sustainability Journal can be viewed at https://www.mdpi.com/2071-1050/11/7. The journal is published by Molecular Diversity Preservation International and Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute.[Category: Environment]Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6706027 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: April 23, 2019End of Document

LONDON MARKET PRE-OPEN: Bunzl Growth Slows; SEGRO Starts 2019 WellLive Briefs PRO Global MarketsApril 17, 2019 Wednesday 2:44 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 1507 wordsBody Stock prices in London are set to open in the red Wednesday, despite optimism over China's economy, in a busy day for UK corporate news.BHP Group has lowered 2019 iron ore guidance, while Bunzl reported a slowdown in organic growth though SEGRO had a solid first quarter.In the FTSE 250, Mediclinic painted a mixed picture for its Swiss business Hirslanden, but Hunting is positive after a good start to 2019. IG futures indicate the FTSE 100 index is to open 8.5 points lower at 7,461.42. The blue-chip index closed 0.4% higher at 7,469.92 on Tuesday. China's economy grew 6.4% in the first quarter of 2019, holding steady from the last quarter of 2018, official data showed Wednesday.The data beat analysts' expectations of a 6.3% growth in the first quarter. Financial indicators in March had suggested the government's efforts to shore up the slowing economy were starting to take hold.Exports jumped 14.2% year-on-year in March, after a serious contraction in February.China's economy grew 6.6% last year - its slowest pace in almost three decades - due to pressure from a trade war with the US and rising government debt.Chinese Premier Li Keqiang last month set a 6% to 6.5% economic growth target for 2019, citing "rising uncertainties" facing the world's second-largest economy.London Capital Group's Jasper Lawler commented: "The better than forecast figures show policymakers in China managed to sustain growth in the clearest indication yet that pro-growth policies such as tax cuts, implemented by Beijing are working."The Japanese Nikkei 225 index ended up 0.3%. In China, the Shanghai Composite is 0.1% lower, while the Hang Seng index in Hong Kong is 0.1% higher.In the economic calendar locally on Wednesday, UK producer prices and consumer prices figures are delivered at 0930 BST.Ahead of the inflation data, the pound was quoted at USD1.3056, up from USD1.3050 late Tuesday.In early UK corporate news, miner BHP Group has reduced annual iron ore production guidance after a cyclone affected its operations, as it reported third-quarter production results.For the nine months ended March, iron ore production remained flat at 175 million tonnes. Copper production fell 3% to 1.25 million tonnes. In coal, metallurgical coal and energy coal production both remained unchanged at 31 million tonnes and 20 million tonnes, respectively.BHP reduced its iron ore guidance for 2019 to between 235 million tonnes and 239 million tonnes from between 241 and 250 million tonnes previously. This was after the firm was forced to reduce output forecast following the disruption caused by Cyclone Veronica in March. In financial 2018, iron ore production was 238.4 million tonnes.Also in the FTSE 100, distribution firm Bunzl reported a 4% rise in first-quarter revenue, though the figure climbed 2.5% excluding foreign exchange movements. Underlying growth was 1.5%. "Mixed" macroeconomic conditions led to the slowdown in underlying growth, Bunzl said, in particular in North America, which grew 1% for the quarter. Underlying growth in Continental Europe, the UK & Ireland, and Rest of the World combined was 2%. Bunzl also announced it is buying Netherlands-based specialist packaging firm Coolpack for an undisclosed sum. Coolpack had revenue of EUR4 million in 2018. Packaging peer DS Smith has sold two business, one in France and one in Portugal, to International Paper for around GBP54 million, as part of a promise to the European Commission regarding its own acquisition of Europac in January. FTSE 100 property developer SEGRO reported a solid first quarter performance, with GBP21.2 million of new headline rent secured, though down from GBP27.3 million year-on-year.Vacancies have fallen to 4.4% from 5.2%, Segro said, while on the investment front Segro continues to expect investment in developments to exceed GBP600 million in 2019. In the midcaps, Countryside Properties is on track to meet expectations for its year ending September. In the first half ended March, Countryside's completions rose 43% year-on-year to 2,362 homes, though the average selling price did dip 4%. Reservations are at the top end of its target range, Countryside said, while its forward order book is strong and has 49% higher than it was a year prior, standing at GBP1.04 billion. Net debt is also "better than expected". Countryside also said Chief Operating Officer Becky Worthington has departed, with no information over a succession plan provided.Hospital operator Mediclinic International said its Swiss unit Hirslanden has met full-year expectations in the 12 months to March, with revenue in the business rising 2.5% from GBP558.7 million. Inpatient admissions for Hirslanden rose 3.8%, but revenue per admission dipped 2.2%, and Mediclinic said the performance reflects clinical treatments migrating to outpatient rather than inpatient tariffs. Hirslanden's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation margin declined to 16.0% from 18.3%, Mediclinic said, as expected. Looking ahead, the unit can expect "modest" revenue growth in Mediclinic's new year ending March 2020, with the outpatient migration programme to continue. It has guided for an Ebitda margin of around 15%. Elsewhere, South African revenue rose 5% year-on-year, while in the Middle East it climbed 7%.Medicilinic group revenue rose 3.5% constant currency, but Ebitda has fallen 1.5%.Energy services firm Hunting has started 2019 well, it said, with underlying Ebitda in the first three months of 2019 around USD35.0 million, in line with targets. Overall, revenue and profit growth registered in the last quarter of 2018 has continued. Hunting Titan has growth revenue in the first quarter of 2019 on the prior three months, but margins have fallen due to increased competition. The US and Asia-Pacific have beaten expectations, Hunting said, but Canada's volumes and margins have been hit by "extremely cold weather" during the first three months of 2019. Hunting is positive on the outlook for 2019, due in part to a higher oil price leading to an uptick in activity in the sector. Wealth manager Quilter reported a GBP500 million net client cash flow for the first quarter of 2019, though including its Life Assurance arm the figure was a negative GBP200 million. In the first quarter of 2018, Quilter had a NCCF of GBP2.0 billion, excluding Life Assurance, and GBP1.6 billion including the business. Quilter's net flows were GBP600 million for the quarter, down from GBP1.5 billion year-on-year.Assets under management as of the end of March have risen 5.1% since the end of December, to GBP114.9 billion. Quilter said cash slows from clients have continued to be affected by difficult markets, but it is confident nevertheless. Telecom Plus said adjusted pretax profit for its year ended March will be towards the bottom of previous guidance at around GBP56 million from GBP54.3 million a year ago, hit by a warm winter and the energy tariff cap. Telecom Plus is encouraged by the profit outlook for its new financial year, and has guided for an adjusted pretax profit of between GBP60 million and GBP65 million for 2020 financial year, with its dividend set to rise 10% to 57 pence a share. For its recently ended year, Telecom Plus will be paying a dividend of 52p, up 4% year-on-year. Customer numbers rose 4.0%, however, from 0.5% the prior year, with service numbers growth accelerating to 8.2% from 2.3% year-on-year. In the US on Tuesday, Wall Street ended higher, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average closing up 0.3%, the S&P 500 0.1% higher, and the Nasdaq Composite up 0.3%.Online-video streaming service Netflix on Tuesday reported a first-quarter profit that rose from last year, as subscriber additions surged.Earnings for the quarter trumped Wall Street estimates, as did revenue. However, moving ahead, Netflix detailed a weak second-quarter guidance.Netflix added 9.60 million subscribers globally in the quarter, above its forecast of 8.90 million, to end the quarter with 148.86 million subscribers. The company added 1.74 million customers in the US during the quarter, above its estimates of 1.60 million. Netflix's first-quarter profit rose to USD344 million, or USD0.76 per share, from USD290 million, or USD0.64 per share, last year. On average, 36 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected earnings of USD0.57 per share for the quarter.Netflix's revenue for the quarter rose 22% to USD4.52 billion from USD3.70 billion last year. Analysts had a consensus revenue estimate of USD4.50 billion for the quarter.Looking forward to the second quarter, Netflix expects revenue of USD4.93 billion and earnings of USD0.55 per share. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters currently expect earnings of USD0.99 per share and revenues of USD4.95 billion.Elsewhere the data calendar Wednesday, eurozone current account data is released at 0900 BST with trade balance and consumer price index figures at 1000 BST.In the US, trade balance data is printed at 1330 BST after mortgage applications figures are released at 1200 BST. Load-Date: April 18, 2019End of Document

Stocks fall as Huawei ban prompts sell-off in chipmakersAssociated Press InternationalMay 20, 2019 Monday 9:27 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWSLength: 848 wordsByline: By DAMIAN J. TROISE and ALEX VEIGA, AP Business WritersBodyChipmakers and other technology companies pulled U.S. stocks lower Monday, extending the market's losses into another week.The U.S. decision to ban technology sales to China's Huawei hammered the tech sector, particularly chipmakers. About one-third of Huawei's suppliers are American chipmakers and investors are worried that the action against Huawei could crimp sales for companies with revenue heavily tied to China.Apple also skidded after an analyst warned that the iPhone maker's growth prospects could dim as the U.S. and China continue to spar over trade.The Huawei ban is adding more anxiety to a market worried about further escalations in the trade war between the U.S. and China. Both sides have recently gone back and forth raising additional tariffs on each other's goods. The uncertainty has put a dent in investor confidence over how Washington and Beijing will resolve their dispute, pulling stocks lower the last two weeks."The news that has filtered out of the (Trump) administration is that talks have stalled," said Quincy Krosby, chief market strategist at Prudential Financial. "Nonetheless, the market has held up fairly well given the desire by the market to see a deal consummated."The S&P 500 has fallen 3.6% so far this month, taking a bit of the shine off a stellar start to the year. The index is still up 13.3% year to date.On Monday, the S&P 500 lost 19.30 points, or 0.7%, to 2,840.23.The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 84.10 points, or 0.3%, to 25,679.90. Apple was the biggest drag on the Dow.The technology heavy Nasdaq composite slid 113.91 points, or 1.5%, to 7,702.38. The Russell 2000 index of small company stocks gave up 10.80 points, or 0.7%, to 1,524.96.Major stock indexes in Europe closed broadly lower.Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.42% from 2.39% late Friday.Chipmakers led the way lower Monday as traders weighed the implications from the U.S. ban on technology sales to Huawei.The U.S. government says that Chinese suppliers, including Huawei and its smaller rival, ZTE Corp., pose an espionage threat because they are beholden to China's ruling Communist Party.Qualcomm, which gets about 65% of its revenue from China, slumped 6%. Broadcom, which gets nearly half of its revenue from China, also fell 6%. Intel dropped 3% and Xilinx slid 3.6%. An S&P index that measures the performance of chip and chip equipment makers fell nearly 4%.Apple fell 3.1% after analysts at HSBC cut their price target on the stock, citing renewed risk in the company's growth prospects in China and the potential impact from tariffs. HSBC noted that Apple company could be forced to raise prices, which could hurt demand.Other technology companies also took losses. Alphabet Inc., Google's parent company, slid 2.1% after it indicated that it would have to cut some features on Huawei smartphones. Other communications stocks also fell. Facebook dropped 1.4% and Comcast gave up 1.7%.American Airlines had the steepest decline among major airlines after Morgan Stanley warned that it faces higher labor costs on top of higher fuel costs. The stock slid 2.5%.Banks, utilities and energy companies eked out gains.Traders bid up shares in T-Mobile and Sprint, betting that the telecom companies could be closer to completing their $26.5 billion merger.The chairman of the Federal Communications Commission said Monday he plans to recommend approval of the deal. The full commission must still vote, and the Justice Department must also clear the deal.T-Mobile climbed 3.9% and Sprint surged 18.8%.Tesla fell 2.7% after an analyst at WedBush said there seems to be mixed signals on demand for the electric car maker's Model 3, which could make it harder for the company to turn a profit in the next couple of quarters and beyond.In the client note Monday, Daniel Ives kept his "Neutral" rating on the stock, but lowered his price target to $230 from $275.Tesla shares are down 50 percent since September. The company lost $702.1 million in the first quarter, among its worst quarters in two years, as sales tumbled 31%. CEO Elon Musk predicted another loss in the second quarter but said Tesla would be profitable again by the third quarter.Companies are nearing the end of the latest earnings season. The results have not been as bad as Wall Street feared, with profit in the broad S&P 500 index contracting less than 1%. Home repair and supplies behemoth Home Depot will report its quarterly results Tuesday and retail giant Target will report results Wednesday.Energy futures finished mixed. Benchmark U.S. crude gained 0.5% to settle at $63.10 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, closed 0.3% lower at $71.97 per barrel.Wholesale gasoline dropped 1.8% to $2.01 per gallon. Heating oil fell 1% to $2.07 per gallon. Natural gas gained 1.6% to $2.67 per 1,000 cubic feet.Gold inched 0.1% higher to $1,277.30 per ounce, silver added 0.4% to $14.45 per ounce and copper gave up 0.5% to $2.73 per pound.The dollar fell to 109.96 Japanese yen from 110.11 yen on Friday. The euro strengthened to $1.1168 from $1.1160.Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

Crude Oil Futures Settle Modestly HigherCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 20, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 377 wordsBody       Crude oil prices edged higher on Monday as prospects of a likely fall in supply amid an escalation in tensions in the Middle East and on OPEC's indication that it is likely to maintain production cuts for some more time. Meanwhile, the likelihood of a drop in energy demand due to the ongoing trade war between the U.S. and China limited crude oil's gains. West Texas Intermediate Crude oil futures for June ended up $0.34, or 0.54%, at $63.10 a barrel. Brent crude oil futures for June was down $0.24 at $71.97 a barrel around mid afternoon, after having touched a high of $73.40, a near four-week high, earlier in the day. According to reports, Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said on Sunday that OPEC and allied oil producers are in favor of driving down crude inventories "gently". United Arab Emirates Energy Minister Suhail al-Mazrouei reportedly said early on Sunday that producers were capable of filling any market gap and that relaxing supply cuts was not the right decision. According to OPEC data, oil inventories in the developed world were up by 3.3 million barrels month-on-month in March. That was nearly 23 million barrels above the five year average. At the meeting of the Joint Ministerial Monitoring Committee in Jeddah over the weekend, the members did not make any solid recommendations and decided to review production cuts during their meeting in Vienna next month. Tensions in the Middle East have escalated after reports poured in on Sunday about a rocket launch into Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone less than a mile away from the U.S. embassy. "If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!," Trump tweeted subsequently. Meanwhile, a Saudi Arabian diplomat said his country doesn't want to go to war with Iran but would defend itself after two Saudi oil tankers were targeted by acts of sabotage off the coast of the United Arab Emirates last week.  Mounting worries about U.S.-China trade war following last week's decision of the U.S. government to blacklist Chinese technology giant Huawei and ban the company from buying components and technology from US firms without prior approval of the US government have raised concerns about energy demand.        Load-Date: May 20, 2019End of Document

Lawmakers applaud Google for revoking Huawei s Android licenseiCrowdNewswire (English)May 21, 2019 Tuesday 12:50 PM GMTCopyright 2019 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 781 wordsBody                   Over the weekend, news broke that Google revoked Huawei s Android license for new devices, cutting off the Chinese tech company s access to critical Google apps. Now, longtime Huawei critics on Capitol Hill are applauding Google s move and encouraging other tech companies to follow suit. Lawmakers like Sens. Marco Rubio (R-FL), Tom Cotton (R-AR), and Chris Van ... Continue reading Lawmakers applaud Google for revoking Huawei s Android licenseOver the weekend, news broke that Google revoked Huawei s Android license for new devices, cutting off the Chinese tech company s access to critical Google apps. Now, longtime Huawei critics on Capitol Hill are applauding Google s move and encouraging other tech companies to follow suit.Lawmakers like Sens. Marco Rubio (R-FL), Tom Cotton (R-AR), and Chris Van Hollen (D-MD) have been sounding the alarm on Chinese companies like Huawei for years, and in statements provided to The Verge today, approved of Google s decision. Rubio called the action  wise,  and Van Hollen said it sent a  clear message. Regulators, lawmakers, and the Defense Department have long warned that Chinese tech companies like Huawei and ZTE pose a significant national security threat to the United States, despite much of the intelligence information they cite being classified.The criticism translated into actionThe criticism translated into action when lawmakers attached language to a must-pass military spending bill last summer that banned government agencies from purchasing Chinese telecom equipment. And just last week the administration escalated tensions when President Trump signed an executive order giving the Commerce Department the ability to block US companies from purchasing foreign-made telecom equipment. Now, Google is extending this ban privately by revoking Huawei s ability to use the company s Android operating system.The Google Play Store and Play Protect will continue to function on current Huawei devices, but any new smartphones and tablets will not support many of these critical apps.Rubio and Cotton were two lawmakers who spurred the Hill discussion on Huawei and its potential security risks. In statements on Monday, the lawmakers applauded Google s move. With Google s wise decision today, we re already starting to see significant impact in the tech sector after the Trump Administration announced plans to blackball Huawei by adding it to the Commerce Department s Entity List.  Rubio said.  The United States is leading the way as it urges allies and partners, such as Britain, to avoid entangling themselves with Huawei, ZTE, and other Chinese state-directed telecoms firms. Cotton spearheaded legislation at the beginning of the year that would ban the export of US parts to Chinese companies like Huawei if they were to violate export control or sanction laws. In a statement Monday, Cotton said,  Chinese spy companies like Huawei pose serious threats to our national security. American companies ought to follow Google s lead by severing ties with Huawei.  Huawei and ZTE pose a threat to our privacy and national security Sen. Chris Van Hollen (D-MD) co-sponsored the Cotton bill, making it a bipartisan effort, and told The Verge,  This Administration has finally recognized what we ve been raising the alarm about in Congress   Huawei and ZTE pose a threat to our privacy and national security   and they should have no place in our telecommunications infrastructure.  Google s actions, in response to the Commerce Department s order, are part of our clear message that bad actors will not be tolerated,  Van Hollen continued.Sen. Josh Hawley (R-MO) was more skeptical of Google s move, suggesting that the company could have revoked the license before Trump signed last week s executive order. Google s decision today raises more questions   how many other partnerships do they have with firms like Huawei that could be ended with the flip of a switch?  Hawley said.  The reality is that until the administration took action, Google turned a blind eye to the practices of Huawei because they wanted to turn a profit. The Federal Communications Commission has also ramped up efforts against Chinese companies. Last week, the FCC voted to block China Mobile from integrating into US networks and commissioners like Brendan Carr have even called for national security agencies to investigate whether China Unicom and China Telecom should be removed from them entirely.Tags: See Campaign:https://www.theverge.com/2019/5/20/18632886/huawei-google-rubio-van-hollen-tom-cotton-josh-hawley-androidContact Information:Makena KellyTags:,            Artificial Intelligence Newswire,            Wire,            United States,            EnglishLoad-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

What are they and who produces the 17 "rare earths" used to make cell phones, computers and enginesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishJune 30, 2019 SundayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 830 wordsBody       US President Donald Trump and Xi Jinping, President of the People's Republic of ChinaThe conflict between the United States and Huawei continues to grow and could be larger than anticipated. It has been climbing several months ago and reached its highest point when the Chinese giant was incorporated into a "blacklist" that limits business between U.S. companies and that company.Since then, several companies began to cut commercial ties with Huawei. This is a new chapter in the trade battle being waged between the Trump administration and Xi Jinping's. Many now believe that the country of Asia is responding to this situation.A few days ago, after it was known that Google would limit access to its services on Huawei's mobiles, in order to comply with the new measures of the Us Government, it happened that Chinese President Xi Jinping visited a company that operates rare lands in Guangzhou, south of the country.It is known as rare earths to 17 chemical elements that are widely used in the world of technology. They are present in batteries, camera lenses, screens, lasers, motors and computer memories. Some are also used as tracking agents in oil companies and in weapons systems.They are defined as "rare earths" not because they are scarce products in the Earth's crust, but because they are difficult to find in pure form. They stand out for their magnetic properties and for being good conductors of electricity.Where the bookings areChina concentrates 80% of rare earth reserves. For now, exports of these products are outside the tariffs recently imposed by the United States for items entering from the country of the East. And it makes sense: The United States imports much of these elements from China.Some analysts believe that Xi Jinping's visit to a center of exploitation of these minerals could indicate that China will use its dominance on this issue strategically in the trade battle.In fact, rare earth-related companies benefited from the stock exchange. JL MAG Rare-Earth Co Ltd shares rose 10% on Monday after Xi's visit, and up another 10% on Tuesday.Several companies began to cut commercial ties with Huawei, following limitations in the United States. (REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo)For its part, the actions of Innuovo Technology Co Ltd, a manufacturer of permanent rare earth magnetic products and materials, also rose by 10%, the highest level since October 2017; and in Hong Kong, Rare Earth Holdings Ltd soared more than 80%.When Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu lunotedKang, if the president's visit meant that it was intended to limit exports to the United States in retaliation, he explained that such visits were common and that it should not be interpreted in any particular way, as reuters published.The Bayan Obo mine in China (Shutterstock)Where other countries have rare earth reservesWhat would happen, if China eventually decided to limit rare earth exports to the United States? According to the consultancy Pacific Securities, cited by Reuters, this would affect the Trump-ruled country.It is that these elements, as already said, are present in the technological industry. But China is not the only country to have rare earths. Brazil, Vietnam, Russia, India and Australia also have large reserves of these products, so a blockage or limitation of the export of these items to the United States could represent a trade opportunity for these other countries.There are also reservations, albeit to a lesser extent, in the same United States, Canada, South Africa, Nigeria and Thailand.The Australian Mount Weld mineHow rare earths are extractedExploitation is done with open pit mines. It requires the use of large volumes of water and electricity. One of the risks associated with this practice is pollution, warns Raúl Montenegro, a biologist, professor at the National University of Córdoba (Argentina) and president of FUNAM, a foundation for the defense of the environment."One of the traditional mines in China, BayanObo's, is emblematic of the environmental disasters it produced and continues to produce. However, the most emblematic case is the Mount Weld mine in Australia, whose minerals are purified at the Lyna Advanced Materials Plant (LAMP) located in Kuantan, Malaysia. There the environmental impacts are increasing and have generated strong social reactions against, which anticipate similar phenomena in new exploitation sites," he says.Other analysts, however, believe that in mining, as in other industrial activities, pollution occurs from human accidents or non-compliance with regulations. In this regard, they believe that the risks are not typical of the mining activity itself, but gaps in the implementation or lack of adequate controls.MORE ON THIS THEME:China filed "solemn protest" to the US over Huawei case and says it will fight "to the end" in trade warUs-China trade war could hit Apple's iPhonesMysterious increase in chemical emissions in China that destroy the ozone layer revealedLoad-Date: June 30, 2019End of Document

Panasonic says has not stopped supplies to Huawei, still investigatingStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeMay 25, 2019 SaturdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: MARKETS; Pg. 1Length: 483 wordsByline: Jean GarciaBodyThe world's largest software maker still won't comment on whether it is rescinding Huawei's licence to use the Windows operating system.South Korea's Foreign Ministry and presidential office did not confirm Friday a report by the Chosun Ilbo newspaper that USA officials want Seoul to block a local wireless carrier that uses Huawei equipment for its 5G services from unspecified "sensitive areas".Washington is lobbying Britain not to use Huawei's products, and yesterday, South Korean newspaper Chosun Ilbo reported that similar pressure was being placed on Seoul.A lot has happened with Huawei over the course of the last week.The dispute has affected the whole world and Huawei users are living in fear now after Google's ban.That scenario happened when Google was forced to cut off access to software after the US Commerce Department placed Huawei on its "entity list", banning the transfer of USA technology to the Chinese company without a license, on the grounds of national security.Considering the fact that most of Huawei's products rely on American chips and equipment, Washington made a decision to grant the company a 90-day reprieve to get its house in order before the ban fully kicks in. Google, focused on internet-related services and products, cut its business deals with Huawei that involve the transfer of hardware and software.Huawei Technologies Co is securing support from some key suppliers and customers amid the announced United States government restrictions on the Chinese telecom giant.Britain loses United Nations vote over Chagos islandsThe Britain has retained possession of the islands ever since, while Mauritius has continued to claim its sovereignty over them. In 2017, only 15 countries including Britain and the United States voted to oppose a request for the ICJ ruling.Huawei has registered a trademark for its homegrown operating system.The U.S. had held off on blacklisting Huawei out of concern the move could disrupt trade negotiations with China and only took action after the last round of trade talks hit an impasse, according to people familiar with the matter."Samsung seems to be benefitting the most from Huawei's loss, with 24 per cent more clicks on its products in New Zealand", Matinvesi-Bassett said.The Huawei-manufactured Nexus 6P has also been removed from the site, though it was never part of the Recommended program - only the "Enterprise Solutions Directory" that contains thousands more devices."The company is deeply tied not only to China but to the Chinese Communist Party".USA stock index futures edged higher on Friday, attempting to bounce back from the previous session's steep sell-off, on cautious optimism after President Donald Trump predicted a swift end to the ongoing tariff war with China.Trump increased levies on US$200 billion in Chinese imports to 25 per cent from 10 per cent, prompting retaliation from Beijing.Load-Date: May 26, 2019End of Document

Huawei has been building a Play Store alternative in plain sightiCrowdNewswire (English)May 21, 2019 Tuesday 10:30 AM GMTCopyright 2019 iCrowdNewswire, LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 642 wordsBody                   The momentous news that Google is cutting off its Android relationship with Huawei in response to a US government ban on the Chinese giant wasn t much of a surprise to Huawei. A fresh report from Bloomberg today adds to the mounting evidence of Huawei preparing for being shunned by the United States. It suggests that Huawei s App Gallery, which has ... Continue reading Huawei has been building a Play Store alternative in plain sightHuawei Mate 20." src="https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/l7b_rScw8qsBqDOxfEXy-D-n2-o=/0x1:2040x1361/1310x873/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/63871580/1810_mate20_vsavov3.0.jpg" data-pre-sourced="yes" data-sourced="yes" data-original="           https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/l7b_rScw8qsBqDOxfEXy-D-n2-o=/0x1:2040x1361/1310x873/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/63871580/1810_mate20_vsavov3.0.jpg" data-src="           https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/l7b_rScw8qsBqDOxfEXy-D-n2-o=/0x1:2040x1361/1310x873/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/63871580/1810_mate20_vsavov3.0.jpg" data-image-enhancer="larger than 645" />The momentous news that Google is cutting off its Android relationship with Huawei in response to a US government ban on the Chinese giant wasn t much of a surprise to Huawei. A fresh report from Bloomberg today adds to the mounting evidence of Huawei preparing for being shunned by the United States. It suggests that Huawei s App Gallery, which has been present on Huawei and Honor Android devices for a while, is in fact an earnest, albeit somewhat clandestine, effort to build a genuine alternative to Google s dominant Play Store.According to Bloomberg, Huawei pitched app makers in 2018 with the offer of helping them make inroads into China, the world s largest smartphone market, if they built software for its App Gallery. Like all other Android phone vendors, Huawei is painfully aware of just how dependent it is on Google s first-party apps and app platform, though unlike the majority of others, this company is also subject to great scrutiny and hostility from the US government. So it makes perfect sense that Huawei would try to prepare for the potential fallout of losing its working relationship with Google.It does seem, however, that Huawei s alternative app store plans hinged on it only losing access to Google as a business partner. Not every US software maker and provider. Being banned from working with any US company   even with a subsequent and partial 90-day reprieve from the US government, Huawei isn t allowed to engage in new business with US firms   is going to mean no Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, or a whole bunch of other collaborators to build out a mobile app store offering with.Huawei is a company with great resources and scale, and it was en route to becoming the world s most prolific smartphone maker this year before the US government s intervention. As such, it promised a not unrealistic 50 million European users of its app store in 2018 to prospective app developer partners. Bloomberg says the company also offered to provide  a simple tool to tweak the software they wrote for Google s store to work on App Gallery. In Huawei s most optimistic outlook, the App Gallery would have served as the bridge between East and West: a place to distribute your apps to both a European and an Asian, primarily Chinese, audience. It would seem to make sense as a method for diversifying Android s app platforms, and to offer meaningful competition to encourage Google to keep improving the Play Store. However, the severity of the Trump administration s blanket ban makes even the App Gallery plan seem unlikely to bear fruit.Tags: See Campaign:https://www.theverge.com/2019/5/21/18633772/huawei-app-gallery-google-play-store-rival-trump-banContact Information:Vlad SavovTags:,            Artificial Intelligence Newswire,            Wire,            United States,            EnglishLoad-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

UPDATE: Google Confirms Huawei Block To "Comply With US Order"Live Briefs PRO Global MarketsMay 20, 2019 Monday 3:58 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 590 wordsBody Alphabet Inc's Google has confirmed it has blocked Huawei from updating some parts of its Android software used on Huawei phones to comply with a US government order blacklisting the Chinese firm.The tech giant said it was "complying with the order and reviewing the implications", but assured Huawei users that their current phones would continue to work.Last week, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order effectively banning the Chinese firm from using US technology without government permission."For users of our services, Google Play and the security protections from Google Play Protect will continue to function on existing Huawei devices," a Google spokesman said.The block is likely to prevent future updates to Android reaching Huawei devices.Key Google apps such as the Google Play Store, Gmail and Google Maps may also not appear on future Huawei devices.Instead, the Chinese firm would be reliant on the version of Android available through an open source licence, which is vastly more limited in its features.Huawei has not commented on the block.Industry analyst Ben Wood from CCS Insight said the cut-off could have "considerable implications" for Huawei's gadgets business."We still don't have a clear understanding of what Google has told Huawei and what elements of the Android operating system may be restricted, so it remains unclear what the ramifications will be," he said."However, any disruption in getting updates to the software or the associated applications would have considerable implications for Huawei's consumer device business."People who currently own Huawei smartphones do not need to worry. At present any measures would only affect future devices and future updates. Google has publicly stated that its App Store, Google Play, and security updates from Google Play Protect will continue working on existing Huawei devices."However, until we have a clear understanding of what exact measures Google has decided to take it is impossible to second-guess the impact on future devices."Huawei has previously confirmed it has been working on its own mobile operating system for use in the event of such blocks, something Mr Wood said now appeared likely."Huawei has been working hard on developing its own App Gallery and other software assets in a similar manner to the work it has done on developing its own chipsets for phones," he said."There is little doubt these efforts are part of its desire to control its own destiny."Last year, CCS Insight predicted that tensions between China and the US would present a strong incentive for Chinese companies to create their own operating system for smart devices. Given recent developments that seems more likely than ever."The UK Government has said it is yet to make a decision on whether to allow another part of Huawei's business, its telecoms equipment, to be a part of new 5G networks in the UK.Retired brigadier general Robert Spalding, the former senior director for strategy at the National Security Council, wrote in the Daily Telegraph that the UK "must recognise" the strength of US feeling on Huawei.He wrote: "Other nations must not make the mistake of thinking President Trump's recent executive order banning companies like Huawei from US networks is merely an afterthought of the trade war.""The severity of President Trump's declaration underscores just how seriously the US views this issue, and the UK must recognise this strength of feeling."By Martyn Landi, Press Association Technology Correspondentsource: Press AssociationLoad-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

Google has suspended Huawei phones from using AndroidStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeMay 20, 2019 MondayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: HI TECH; Pg. 1Length: 535 wordsByline: Sandy MccarthyBodyWe want to continue to build a safe and sustainable ecosystem software, in order to provide the best experience for all users globally. Reuters claims this will only happen to "the next version" of Huawei's smartphones, presumably meaning existing devices with the Play Store will continue to work.Google revoked Chinese tech giant Huawei's access to some elements of Android operating system and other proprietary services on Monday, threatening the world's second-largest smartphone maker's business amid trade tensions between the US and China. Google broadly confirmed the reports in a statement referring directly to the executive order and Huawei hasn't commented, though Mashable did reach out for comment.However, the withdrawal of the Android license could affect Huawei's smartphone business in more ways than that.Meaning, no further Android security updates will be provided to Huawei devices both new and old, including the recent P30, P30 Pro, Mate 20 Pro, and a ton of others.And Google told our sister title TechRadar: "We are complying with the order and reviewing the implications". The Chinese company has stated that it will continue servicing smartphones across the globe.The decision is expected to hobble Huawei's smartphone business outside China as the tech giant will immediately lose access to updates to Google's Android operating system.What this means for owners of exiting Huawei devices - like the new Huawei P30 Pro - is that their device should continue to function as normal, but future updates to Android Q might not happen, although the complete implications of the order aren't now clear.Koepka closes in on historic winVan Rooyen birdied the first hole but hit it into the trees on No. 5, then hit a branch while trying to play back to the fairway. Bethpage has a reputation for being over the top, and it irritated Harold Varner III , who shot 81 playing in the final group.With the license cut off, Huawei would only have access to the open source version of Android (or AOSP, for Android Open Source Project). Google controls the Play Store, Google apps such as Gmail, location services, and even push notifications. Basically, this means that Huawei users will still be able to update their apps via Google Play Store, as well as download new apps whenever they want.Customers with Huawei phones will still be able to use Android on their phones and update apps as normal.Huawei - and Honor, its youth-focused brand for more affordable devices - now lacks a significant footprint in the USA, in no small part down to pressure from the government to keep the Chinese company out.On May 17, the commerce department said it was considering toning down restrictions on Huawei to "prevent the interruption of existing network operations and equipment". Just two months ago, Huawei's mobile chief Richard Yu was clearly authorised to confirm this information, letting it slip out in an interview with German newspaper Die Welt.The only thing we can say for sure, though, is that this move will have a devastating impact on Huawei's consumer smartphone business.Huawei is also the world's largest manufacturer of telecom equipment and has many of its suppliers based in the US.Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

Google severs Huawei access to Android softwareStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeMay 21, 2019 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: HI TECH; Pg. 1Length: 518 wordsByline: Sandy MccarthyBodyIf future Huawei phones do not come with Play, users may have to buy these apps again, which sounds awful.The announcement was made after President Trump declared a national emergency last Wednesday over threats against American technology amid escalating tensions related to the US-China trade war. Huawei has yet to officially respond to Android restriction, but its CEO Ren Zhengfei acknowledged Saturday that his company's growth "may slow, but only slightly" following the usa government's action.The Chinese phone giant has been blocked by Google from receiving updates for theAndroid operating system it uses to power its devices, as Google complies with a United States executive order restricting access to American technology. Of course, while these future phones could potentially run a version of open source Android, they still would not get access to any of Google's apps or services, including the Google Play Store.Further examination of this response implies that major Android updates that are regulated and examined by Google before deployment will not be sent to Huawei phones.Huawei is immediately losing its access to Google'sAndroid operating system updates, and future Android-powered smartphones by Huawei will not have access to Google apps and services such as the Google Play Store, Gmail, and YouTube.Experts believe that the move may have a significant impact on Huawei.The company has said that it will continue to support all of its existing devices with security updateds and after sales service, you can see the statement below.Magic Johnson Says Rob Pelinka's Backstabbing Was One Reason For LeavingMagic Johnson pointed the finger for the Lakers' bungling, public Anthony Davis trade negotiations on Monday morning. Johnson said agents called him to warn him about Pelinka , but he said that he chose to give the GM "a fair shot".Huawei is now the second largest smartphone manufacturer in the world, behind Samsung.Huawei may be about to feel the sting from the Trump administration's move to block USA companies from doing business with the Chinese electronics giant.Huawei has already created a stockpile of chips and other components that will last for around three months.Huawei is a rapidly expanding leader in 5G technology but remains dependent on foreign suppliers. Google will reportedly stop licensing new Huawei phones but now it is officially reassuring existing owners they have nothing to worry about.'The products we have sold and now sell will not be affected.On Friday the US Commerce Department said it was considering scaling back restrictions on Huawei to "prevent the interruption of existing network operations and equipment". It is a developing story and we will update it regularly. If that happens, it will affect all major US tech companies since their hardware supply-chain is located in China.The U.S. ban could have unwelcome ripple effects in the U.S., given how much technology Huawei buys from U.S. companies, especially from the makers of the microprocessors that go into smartphones, computers, internet networking gear and other gadgetry.Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

European Markets Likely To Open On Positive NoteCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 21, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 375 wordsBody       The mood in the European market is likely to be positive Tuesday morning after the U.S. government decided to temporarily ease some trade restrictions on Huawei. The U.S. government's decision on Huawei is likely to trigger some buying in the technology space, which got a hammering on Monday. Following the decision, the U.S. Commerce Department will now allow the Chinese technology major to purchase US goods in order to maintain existing networks and provide software updates to existing Huawei handsets. However, Huawei will not be allowed to buy American parts and components to manufacture new products without license approvals. Ren Zhengfei, the founder and chief executive of Huawei Technologies Co. reportedly told China Central Television that the U.S. government is underestimating the Chinese tech giant, and that within a few years no one will be able to catch up with its 5G technology. Zhengfei said the move by the Trump administration to temporarily ease export restrictions against Huawei was meaningless, as the company has already made preparations for such an eventuality, including stockpiling chips. He also said Huawei could make its own chips, though that doesn't mean it intends to stop buying U.S. chips. Geopolitical tensions between the U.S. and Iran may weigh on sentiment.  The U.S. Federal Reserve is scheduled to release the minutes of its latest monetary policy meeting this week. The minutes is likely to provide clues about the central bank's interest rate outlook for the rest of the year. Bank of England Governor Mark Carney is set to speak at the parliament at 4:30 AM ET. The economic outlook from The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), survey data on UK Industrial Trends from the Confederation of British Industry and data on Eurozone flash consumer confidence for May are also due for release during the course of the day.  In commodities, West Texas Intermediate Crude oil futures for June are gaining $0.28 or 0.44% at $63.49 an ounce. Brent crude oil futures for June are up $0.24 or 0.33% at $72.21 a barrel. Gold futures for June are down $1.65 or 0.13% at $1,275.65. In the currency market, the euro and sterling are both trading weak against the U.S. dollar.        Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

TOP NEWS SUMMARY: Ryanair Annual Profit Falls; Unveils Share BuybackLive Briefs PRO Global MarketsMay 20, 2019 Monday 6:22 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 989 wordsBody The following is a summary of top news stories Monday.----------COMPANIES----------Ryanair Holdings reported a significant fall in profit in a year which saw many EU airlines struggle due to higher oil prices and lower fares in a competitive market, and it warned of "zero" visibility on its results beyond the next few months. More positively, Ryanair approved a EUR700 million share buyback which will commence later this week and run for the next 9 to 12 months. For the financial year ended March 31, the Irish airline reported pretax profit of EUR948.1 million, down 41% from EUR1.61 billion the year prior. This included a pretax loss of EUR182.7 million at Lauda, Ryanair's Austrian airline.Looking ahead, the airline expects traffic to rise 8% in financial 2020 to 153 million passengers. However, assuming revenue per passenger growth of 3%, Ryanair guided for broadly flat group profit, including Lauda. This will range from EUR750 million if RPP rises 2%, up to EUR950 million if RPP rises 4%. ----------Softcat said it expects its annual results to be "slightly ahead" of previous expectations, as trading in the quarter to the end of April was strong. The FTSE 250-listed IT infrastructure provider said it continued to preform well in the three months to April 30, delivering "strong year-on-year growth" across all income and profit measures. "Performance drivers remained broad-based, with different technology areas and customer segments all showing growth," Softcat said. The company added that progress towards the opening of a new office in Birmingham is "well advanced". It expects the opening to occur early in the next financial year.----------Foxtons Group said revenue declined in the first quarter as Brexit and a weak market in London took a toll on sales. Furthermore Mark Berry, the real estate agent's chief financial officer, will step down from Foxtons' board on June 24 in "mutual agreement" with the company. Richard Harris has been appointed as CFO with effect from the same date. Foxtons said that performance in the three months ended March 31, was in line with the board's expectations. Group revenue came in at GBP23.8 million, down from GBP24.5 million in the first quarter of 2018. Sales revenue amounted to GBP7.1 million, down from GBP8.2 million a year prior, while lettings revenue was GBP14.6 million, broadly flat on GBP14.3 million a year ago.----------MARKETS----------London shares were lower amid the trade standoff between the US and China, with travel stocks weighing on the FTSE 100 following disappointing annual results from Ryanair. Oil was up after OPEC indicated it may sustain previous production cuts. Wall Street was pointed to a lower open. ----------FTSE 100: down 0.4% at 7,318.51FTSE 250: down 0.6% at 19,385.93AIM ALL-SHARE: flat at 958.77GBP: up at USD1.2752 (USD1.2737)EUR: flat at USD1.1163 (USD1.1160)GOLD: flat at USD1,275.12 per ounce (USD1,275.10)OIL (Brent): flat at USD72.56 a barrel (USD72.60)(changes since previous London equities close)----------ECONOMICS AND GENERAL----------UK Prime Minister Theresa May is set to begin discussions with senior ministers on her proposed new "bold offer" to members of Parliament in a final attempt to get her Brexit deal through Parliament. The weekly meeting of the Cabinet on Tuesday is expected to sign off on a package of measures to be included in the forthcoming Withdrawal Agreement Bill aimed at winning cross-party support. However there was widespread scepticism at Westminster that it will fare any better than her three previous failed attempts to get the Commons to pass the deal. Following the collapse last week of cross-party talks with Labour aimed at reaching a common approach, Jeremy Corbyn said he had not yet seen anything new that would persuade him to support it. It comes at the start of what looks likely to be another torrid week for the prime minister with the Conservatives braced for a hammering at the hands of Nigel Farage's Brexit Party in the European elections on Thursday.----------Alphabet Inc's Google has confirmed it has blocked Huawei from updating some parts of its Android software used on Huawei phones to comply with a US government order blacklisting the Chinese firm. The tech giant said it was "complying with the order and reviewing the implications", but assured Huawei users that their current phones would continue to work. Last week, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order effectively banning the Chinese firm from using US technology without government permission. "For users of our services, Google Play and the security protections from Google Play Protect will continue to function on existing Huawei devices," a Google spokesman said. The block is likely to prevent future updates to Android reaching Huawei devices. Key Google apps such as the Google Play Store, Gmail and Google Maps may also not appear on future Huawei devices. Instead, the Chinese firm would be reliant on the version of Android available through an open source licence, which is vastly more limited in its features.--------------------US President Donald Trump vowed Sunday to deny Tehran nuclear weapons just hours after threatening it would "be the official end of Iran" when the country's Revolutionary Guard said it was not afraid of war. "I will not let Iran have nuclear weapons," Trump told Fox News. "I don't want to fight. But you do have situations like Iran, you can't let them have nuclear weapons - you just can't let that happen," he said. Prior to the interview Trump had appeared to escalate the growing threat of conflict when he used social media to respond to Iran's Revolutionary Guard saying it was not afraid of war. "If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the US again!" Trump wrote on Twitter, seemingly in response to comments Revolutionary Guard Corps commander Hossein Salami made earlier in the day.----------Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

LONDON MARKET MIDDAY: Airline Stocks Dip; Another Setback For HuaweiLive Briefs PRO Global MarketsMay 20, 2019 Monday 7:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 1023 wordsBody Travel stocks were among the worst performers at the start of the week following disappointing results from Ryanair, as London stocks in general saw broad-based losses amid continuation of US-China trade spat.The FTSE 100 was down 54.06 points, or 0.7%, at 7,294.56 Monday midday. The mid-cap FTSE 250 was down 139.54 points, or 0.7%, at 19,359.07. The AIM All-Share was down 0.1% at 958.20.The Cboe UK 100 index was down 0.8% at 12,369.86. The Cboe UK 250 was down 0.7% at 17,393.69, though the Cboe UK Small Companies was flat at 11,848.70."News that the decision to implement auto tariffs would be delayed caused a recovery into the end of last week, but this morning we received a timely reminder that this could well get worse before it gets better," commented David Cheetham, chief market analyst at XTB.Alphabet Inc's Google confirmed it has blocked Huawei from updating some parts of its Android software used on Huawei phones to comply with a US government order blacklisting the Chinese firm.The tech giant said it was "complying with the order and reviewing the implications", but assured Huawei users that their current phones would continue to work.Last week, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order effectively banning the Chinese firm from using US technology without government permission.Meanwhile, the UK Government has said it is yet to make a decision on whether to allow another part of Huawei's business, its telecoms equipment, to be a part of new 5G networks in the UK.Remaining in the UK, the contest to succeed Prime Minister Theresa May is hotting up, with potential leadership candidates setting out their stalls.Health Secretary Matt Hancock refused to rule out a bid for the job, saying he had a "strong view about the sort of leader we need". Former foreign secretary Boris Johnson has already confirmed he will stand in the race to replace May, which is due to officially begin within weeks.The prime minister will set out the timetable for her exit and the leadership contest to succeed her after a crunch vote on the legislation for her Brexit deal in early June.The pound was quoted at USD1.2739 at midday, broadly unchanged from USD1.2737 late Friday.In European equities, the CAC 40 in Paris and the DAX 30 in Frankfurt were down 1.2% and 1.3% respectively. In the US, Wall Street is on track for a downbeat start to the week. The Dow Jones and S&P 500 are both called down 0.1%, while the Nasdaq is pointed 0.5% lower. Oil was largely unchanged start of the week, quoted at USD72.62 Monday midday versus USD72.60 late Friday amid further deterioration in US-Iranian relations. The price of Brent had surpassed USD73 a barrel overnight before falling back in morning trade.US President Donald Trump vowed Sunday to deny Tehran nuclear weapons just hours after threatening it would "be the official end of Iran" when the country's Revolutionary Guard said it was not afraid of war."If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the US again!" Trump wrote on Twitter, seemingly in response to comments Revolutionary Guard Corps commander Hossein Salami made earlier in the day.Tensions have been escalating between the two countries since Tehran announced it would begin a partial withdrawal from the 2015 nuclear deal, from which Washington pulled out of last year."With Donald Trump threatening the Iran's aggression towards the US would see 'the end' of the Islamic Republic, there was plenty reasoning behind the weekend gap higher. However, we are also seeing cracks in the OPEC+ story, with the Russians talking about a potential easing of the output restrictions," said Joshua Mahony, senior market analyst at IG."Saudi threats that any relaxing of the current production levels could spark a glut of oil on the market have certainly raised concerns amongst crude traders, with prices falling in early trade today," he added.As well as a volatile oil price hitting travel stocks - on fears of higher fuel prices - disappointing guidance from budget airline Ryanair.Irish carrier Ryanair, down 2.5% at midday, reported a 41% fall in annual profit to EUR948.1 million despite revenue rising 6% to EUR7.69 billion.Looking ahead, the airline expects traffic to rise 8% in financial 2020 to 153 million passengers. However, assuming revenue per passenger growth of 3%, Ryanair guided for broadly flat group profit, including Lauda. This will range from EUR750 million if revenue per passenger rises 2%, up to EUR950 million if revenue per passenger rises 4%. "While first half bookings are slightly ahead of last year, fares are lower and we expect this trend will continue through Summer 2019. We have zero second half visibility," the company added.Ryanair's results hit other airlines in a negative read-across, with FTSE 100 constituents TUI and easyJet down 3.7% and 1.3% respectively. Beleaguered travel agent Thomas Cook was down 18%, furthering Friday's 40% slide after analysts at Citigroup cut the stock's price target to zero following a sharply wider interim loss. In the FTSE 250, Merlin Entertainments slipped 6.2% after HSBC cut the Legoland owner to Reduce from Buy. Also hurting from a rating downgrade was Metro Bank, lowered to Sell from Hold by Investec. This comes following a turbulent period for the challenger bank, as it last week raised more than initially anticipated after being hit by macroeconomic difficulties, such as regulatory changes and a low-interest rate environment, as well as "company-specific factors".In January, the lender announced it had underestimated the risk on its commercial loans and needed to raise capital to compensate for the shortfall.Aston Martin Lagonda Global Holdings, meanwhile, motored to the top of the mid-caps as Bernstein boosted the luxury car maker to Outperform from Market Perform. IT infrastructure firm Softcat rose 1.9% as the firm said its annual results are expected to be "slightly ahead" of prior expectations. The FTSE 250 constituent said it continued to preform well in the three months to April 30, delivering "strong year-on-year growth" across all income and profit measures. Load-Date: May 21, 2019End of Document

Swiss Market Ends Notably Lower On Trade War WorriesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 20, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 310 wordsBody       The Switzerland stock market ended notably lower on Monday, as global growth concerns rose following an escalation in U.S.-China trade war after the U.S. government's ban on Chinese technology major Huawei. The benchmark SMI ended down 77 points, or 0.8%, at 9,582.08, nearly 50 points off the day's low of 9,536.04. Among other major indices in Europe, the U.K.'s FTSE 100 shed 0.51%, while Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 lost 1.61% and 1.46%, respectively. The pan European Stoxx 600 shed 1.06%. LafargeHolcim, which shed about 4.6%, was the biggest loser in the benchmark index. Alcon and Swatch Group both ended lower by about 2.5% Lonza Group, Novartis, Credit Suisse and Givaudan shed 1.3 to 2.1%. Sika ended nearly 1% down. UBS Group, Swiss Life Holding, Nestle and SGS also ended weak. VAT Group ended 7.5% down and Julius Baer lost about 4.7%, while Logitech International ended lower by 3%. Shares of AMS plunged 13.4% due to heavy selling, in line with the trend seen in the technology space across Europe. Following the U.S. decision to ban Huawei from buying components and technology from US firms without prior approval from the US government, some top technology companies in the U.S. and Europe across Europe suspended some businesses against the Chinese firm. US technology major Google has suspended some of its businesses with Huawei, cutting off transfer of hardware, software and technical services.  German semicondutor manufacturer Infineon has suspended shipments to Huawei, sparking a sell-off in the technology stocks in Europe. According to reports, Swiss voters approved an overhaul of the corporate tax code, ending years of wrangling and a failed attempt at an overhaul two years ago. The new system will ensure Switzerland remains a low tax domicile for companies and still is compliant with international rules.        Load-Date: May 20, 2019End of Document

European Stocks End HigherCE Noticias Financieras EnglishMay 10, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 445 wordsBody       Despite the U.S. increasing the tariffs on over $200 billion worth of Chinese goods, European stocks ended higher on Friday, rebounding fairly well after posting notable losses in the previous session. Encouraging economic data from Germany and the U.K. contributed significantly to the gains in the European markets. The pan European Stoxx 600 ended up 0.32%. Among the major markets, Germany ended on a strong note, with its benchmark DAX rising 0.72%. France's CAC 40 ended 0.27% up and Switzerland's SMI gained 0.45%, while the U.K.'s FTSE 100 edged down by 0.06%.  Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Iceland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and Ukraine closed higher, while Czech Republic, Denmark, Ireland, Russia and Turkey ended weak. After the U.S. government increased tariffs on Chinese goods from 10% to 25%, China has stated that it would come up with retaliatory moves, raising fears of a full-blown trade war between the world's two largest economies.  In Germany, shares of metal producer Thyssenkrupp soared more than 28% today on Reuters reports the company is considering a partial listing of its elevator business. Linde PLC shares jumped more than 4%. RWE, Siemens, Muench.Rueckvers, Deutsche Bank and E.ON were the other notable gainers in the German market. On the other hand, Daimler, Volkswagen and BMW ended in negative territory, losing 3.1%, 0.8% and 0.6%, respectively. HeidelbergCement and Lufthansa lost 1.6% and 2%, respectively. In France, Essilor gained nearly 4%. Michelin, Capgemini, Worldline, Atos and Kering ended higher by 1 to 2.5%. In the Swiss market, Alcon, LafargeHolcim and Sika ended with solid gains. ABB gained 1.1% after the company won a multi-million order from the Aibel/Keppel FELS consortium. GEA Group shares rose sharply after the company said it is working on plans to restructure the future organization of the group.  On the economic front, official data showed Germany's exports rebounded at the fastest pace in three months in March, defying expectations for further decline. Exports rose 1.5% month-on-month in March, after a revised 1.2% fall in February, adding strength to hopes that the biggest euro area economy performed strongly in the first three months of the year, after narrowly escaping a recession in the previous quarter. This was the fastest growth since last December, when exports rose 1.5%. Britain's economy got a sharp one-off boost in the first three months of 2019, boosted by companies stockpiling ahead of Brexit, another report showed. GDP grew 0.5% in the first quarter, outpacing the 0.2% expansion seen in the final three months of 2018.        Load-Date: May 10, 2019End of Document

ETF Preview: ETFs, Futures Cautiously Higher on Temporary Exceptions to Huawei Export BanMT Newswires Live BriefsMay 21, 2019 Tuesday 8:20 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 1004 wordsBody Active broad-market exchange-traded funds ahead of Tuesday's regular session: SPDR S&P 500 (SPY): +0.6% . iShares MSCI Emerging Index Fund (EEM): +0.8% ProShares UltraPro Short QQQ (SQQQ): -2.1%Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ): +0.8%iPath Series B S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures ETN: +3.8% Broad Market Indicators Broad-market exchange-traded funds, including IWM and IVV, were higher. Actively-traded PowerShares QQQ (QQQ) was up 0.8%. US stock futures were posting modest gains, as investors became cautiously optimistic again after most of the tensions from the protracted trade war between the US and China receded somewhat.On Monday, stocks of most chipmakers took a beating as companies started to comply with the US government's ban on Chinese tech company Huawei Technologies Inc. But by late Monday afternoon, temporary exceptions to the ban were given to some suppliers and customers to serve as a reprieve from trade penalties. In economic data news, existing home sales for April are due for release at 10 am ET, with an expected figure of 5.370 million, versus 5.210 million in the previous month.Power Play: Technology Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLK)  was up 1% and other tech funds iShares Dow Jones US Technology ETF (IYW), iShares S&P North American Technology ETF (IGM) and iShares S&P North American Technology-Software Index (IGV) were flat. Among semiconductor ETFs, SPDR S&P Semiconductor (XSD) and Semiconductor Sector Index Fund (SOXX) were both inactive in pre-market trade. Superconductor Technologies (SCON) fell nearly 25% after it said late Monday priced an underwritten public offering of 1.7 million shares at $1.00 per share, for expected gross proceeds of $1.7 million. The offering is expected to close on or about May 23. H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the sole book-running manager for the offering. The Texas-based company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to buy up to 255,000 additional common shares at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. Superconductor Technologies plans to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. Winners and Losers Financial The Select Financial Sector SPDRs (XLF) was flat. Direxion Daily Financial Bull 3X shares (FAS) was also flat, though its bearish counterpart Direxion Daily Financial Bear 3X Shares (FAZ) was off 1.9% in pre-market trading. Cohen & Steers (CNS), a global investment manager, said late Monday that Paull Zettl has been appointed as its new chief marketing officer. Zettl joins the company from T. Rowe Price, where he most recently served as group vice president and head of product marketing and offer management. Energy Dow Jones U.S. Energy Fund (IYE) and Energy Select Sector SPDR (XLE) was up 0.3%. Daqo New Energy (DQ), a China-based manufacturer of polysilicon and wafers, reported Tuesday Q1 adjusted profit $0.83 per American depositary share, down from $3.03 per ADS in the prior year period. Revenue was $81.2 million, down from $95.6 million reported for the same period last year. For Q2, the company expects to produce approximately 7,200 to 7,400 MT of polysilicon with total production cost of $8 to $8.5/kg and sell approximately 7,100 to 7,300 MT of polysilicon to external customers.Commodities Crude was up 0.5%; United States Oil Fund (USO) was up 0.5%. Natural gas was down 1.3% and United States Natural Gas Fund (UNG) was down 1.0%. Gold was down 0.5%, and SPDR Gold Trust (GLD) was down 0.5%. Silver was down 0.4% and iShares Silver Trust (SLV) was down 0.4%. Consumer Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR (XLP) was up 0.4% and iShares Dow Jones US Consumer Goods (IYK) and Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (VDC) were flat. Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR (XLY) was flat, and retail funds SPDR S&P Retail (XRT) was up 0.1%, while PowerShares Dynamic Retail (PMR) and Market Vectors Retail ETF (RTH) were inactive. Home Depot (HD), a home improvement retailer, early Tuesday reported fiscal Q1 earnings of $2.27 per share, up from $2.08 in the comparable period a year ago and exceeding the estimate of $2.19 from analysts polled by Capital IQ. For the quarter ended May 5, total revenue of $26.38 billion was up from $24.95 billion in the comparable period a year ago and topped the Street projection of $26.36 billion. Comparable sales for the quarter rose 2.5%. The company reaffirmed fiscal 2019 EPS guidance of $10.03, below the Street estimate of $10.08. The company continues to expect 3.3% revenue growth from $108.20 billion in fiscal 2018. The guidance implies an expectation of $111.77 billion, topping the Street projection of $111.46 billion. Health Care Health Care SPDR (XLV) was up 0.5% and other health care funds including Vanguard Health Care ETF (VHT) and iShares Dow Jones US Healthcare (IYH) were flat in pre-market trade. Biotechnology fund iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) was up 0.5%.Applied DNA Sciences Inc. (APDN), a provider of molecular technologies, said its LineaRx subsidiary is in the process of designing new, custom amplicons for an existing customer in the in vitro diagnostics market. The purchase order will yield revenue of more than $500,000 and LineaRX expects the new diagnostic assay to become available and qualified by the unnamed customer in 2020. "The request for LineaRx to provide a new linear amplicon for a future diagnostic assay is a testament to the merits of linear DNA as well as our large-scale production capabilities," said Brian Viscount, director of product management at LineaRX, in a statement. "If the amplicon is qualified by our customer, we expect recurring shipments under our supply agreement to increase in calendar 2020." LineaRx currently supplies the customer under a five-year deal executed in 2017. The second annual purchase under the supply agreement was received earlier this year, and shipments will start this quarter and continue for the following three quarters. Price: 285.59, Change: +1.63, Percent Change: +0.57Load-Date: May 22, 2019End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 14 of 125Global Laser Photomask Market Growth, Trends and Forecasts (2019-2024) - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page 16 of 125Sasse: 2020 candidates need to know what's 'beyond the pale' with hacked materials  Page 18 of 125Sasse: 2020 candidates need to know what's 'beyond the pale' with hacked materials  Page 20 of 125U.K.'s Theresa May will ban Huawei from 5G network cores  Page 22 of 125DOD DEVELOPS SECURE 5G MOBILE TELECOMMUNICATION NETWORK STRATEGY  Page 24 of 125DOD DEVELOPS SECURE 5G MOBILE TELECOMMUNICATION NETWORK STRATEGY  Page 26 of 125Fast, Reliable, and Secure  Page 28 of 125Microsoft denied police facial recognition tech over human rights concerns  Page 30 of 125Micron To Report Amid Recovery Worries, Builder Stalks Buy Point: Investing Action Plan  Page 33 of 125ETF Preview: ETFs, Futures Lower, Weighed by Persistent US-China Trade War Worries as Google Restricts Huawei Access to Android  Page 39 of 125Global In-Wheel Motor Market Analysis & Outlook (2017-2026) - ResearchAndMarkets.com  Page 41 of 125The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against US  Page 43 of 125The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against US  Page 45 of 125The Latest: China media suggest 'rare earth' use against US  Page 48 of 1252019 APME awards honor AP journalists for powerful stories  Page 51 of 1252019 APME awards honor AP journalists for powerful stories  Page 53 of 125On Eve of 5G Rollout, FINITE STATE Report Finds Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities Embedded Within Huawei Devices  Page 55 of 125Robbins Arroyo LLP: NIO Inc. (NIO) Sued for Securities Violations  Page 57 of 125Apple Announces New Recycling Lab in Austin  Page 61 of 125ICC Makes Strategic Investment in Disruptive Biosynthesis Research -- CFN Media  Page 64 of 125International Cannabis Completes Strategic Investment Into Pioneering Biosynthesis Cannabinoid Company; Formed by Leading Group of MIT/Harvard Healthcare Profes....  Page 67 of 125International Cannabis Completes Strategic Investment Into Pioneering Biosynthesis Cannabinoid Company; Formed by Leading Group of MIT/Harvard Healthcare Profes....  Page 70 of 125Apple Will Come to Regret Promoting Itself as a Protector of Consumers  Page 72 of 125Siltronic Lowers Full Year Sales Guidance, Blames Geopolitical Uncertainties  Page 87 of 125Sustainability Journal Issues 344 Research Articles in Part 1 of April 2019 Edition  Page 91 of 125LONDON MARKET PRE-OPEN: Bunzl Growth Slows; SEGRO Starts 2019 Well  Page 94 of 125Stocks fall as Huawei ban prompts sell-off in chipmakers  Page 96 of 125Crude Oil Futures Settle Modestly Higher  Page 98 of 125Lawmakers applaud Google for revoking Huawei s Android license  Page 100 of 125What are they and who produces the 17 "rare earths" used to make cell phones, computers and engines  Page 102 of 125Panasonic says has not stopped supplies to Huawei, still investigating  Page 104 of 125Huawei has been building a Play Store alternative in plain sight  Page 106 of 125UPDATE: Google Confirms Huawei Block To "Comply With US Order"  Page 108 of 125Google has suspended Huawei phones from using Android  Page 110 of 125Google severs Huawei access to Android software  Page 112 of 125European Markets Likely To Open On Positive Note  Page 115 of 125TOP NEWS SUMMARY: Ryanair Annual Profit Falls; Unveils Share Buyback  Page 118 of 125LONDON MARKET MIDDAY: Airline Stocks Dip; Another Setback For Huawei  Page 120 of 125Swiss Market Ends Notably Lower On Trade War Worries  Page 122 of 125European Stocks End Higher  Page 125 of 125ETF Preview: ETFs, Futures Cautiously Higher on Temporary Exceptions to Huawei Export Ban  