Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 1:51:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142628916Documents (4)1. Luckin Coffee and Americana Group Sign Strategic Cooperation Agreement to Develop New Retail Coffee Business in the Greater Middle East and IndiaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2019 to Aug 31, 20192. CASE SEEKS ASSURANCES ON CIVIL LIBERTIES PROTECTIONS IN NATIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE EFFORTSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2019 to Aug 31, 20193. U.S. breathes Huawei amid uncertainty over trade warClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2019 to Aug 31, 20194. Dow Jones Today: Stocks Slip, Threatening Market's ReboundClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Jul 01, 2019 to Aug 31, 2019

Luckin Coffee and Americana Group Sign Strategic Cooperation Agreement to Develop New Retail Coffee Business in the Greater Middle East and IndiaGlobeNewswireJuly 22, 2019 Monday 4:30 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: PARTNERSHIPSLength: 647 wordsBodyBEIJING, July  22, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Luckin Coffee Inc. (Luckin Coffee) (NASDAQ: LK) and Kuwait Food Company Americana K.S.C.C. ("Americana Group"), the largest integrated food product company in the Middle East, announced today that they have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (the "MoU") under which the two companies plan to establish a joint venture to launch a new retail coffee business in the Greater Middle East and India.Luckin Coffee's technology-driven new retail model provides coffee and other products of high quality, high affordability, and high convenience to its customers. Americana Group has extensive experience as the largest integrated food product company in the Middle East, having served as a pioneer of restaurant operations since the 1960's.Luckin Coffee's pioneering technology and innovative new business model have fundamentally changed the transaction structure and user experience of China's coffee industry.  "This collaboration represents Luckin Coffee's first step toward bringing its leading products from China to the world. We look forward to further expanding the freshly brewed coffee market internationally as we realize the incredible growth opportunities available to us through our innovative business model," said Luckin Coffee's Founder and CEO, Jenny Qian Zhiya.The MoU was signed in Beijing with Americana Group CEO Kesri Kapur, with both Chinese and Arab government officials in attendance.Mr. Kapur said, "We at Americana believe this MoU will revolutionize the food and beverage retail industry in the Greater Middle East and India, regions that provide promising prospects for new retail growth and expansion. We have worked with many leading and revolutionary food and beverage brands over our history and believe that Luckin Coffee's superior products, experience and services will deliver success in these regions."Americana Group is one of the largest and most successful organizations in the Middle East & North Africa (MENA) with capabilities spanning manufacturing, distribution, and restaurant operations. Founded in Kuwait in 1964, Americana was the first to introduce the concept of Quick Service Restaurants (QSR) to the Middle East in the 60's. The group, with its two divisions, operates 1900 restaurants in 13 markets and 25 food production sites across the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Egypt, offering the safest, most reliable and best quality food to consumers in over 20 markets within the MENA region and beyond.            Luckin Coffee Inc. (NASDAQ: LK) has pioneered a technology-driven new retail model to provide coffee and other products of high quality, high affordability, and high convenience to its customers. Empowered by big data analytics, AI, and proprietary technologies, the Company pursues its mission to be part of everyone's everyday life, starting with coffee. Founded in 2017 and headquartered in Xiamen, China, today, Luckin Coffee operates over 3,000 stores across 40 cities in China. The Company plans to open more than 4,500 stores by the end of 2019, which would make it China's largest coffee chain. In 2018, Luckin Coffee's coffee beans were awarded a gold medal at the 2018 IIAC International Coffee Tasting Competition in Milan, Italy. For more information, please visit investor.luckincoffee.com.Investor Relations ContactLuckin Coffee Inc. IREmail: ir@luckincoffee.comBill ZimaICR, Inc.Phone: 646 880 9039Media Relations ContactLuckin Coffee Inc. PREmail: pr@luckincoffee.comEd Trissel / Scott Bisang / Amy FengJoele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer KatcherPhone: 212 355 4449A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/b966cbb0-803c-45ad-a315-86f6363daa9fMOU Signing Ceremony Photo Photo: Luckin Cofee's Founder and CEO, Jenny Qian Zhiya (second on the left), Americana Group CEO Kesri Kapur (second on the right).Load-Date: July 23, 2019End of Document

CASE SEEKS ASSURANCES ON CIVIL LIBERTIES PROTECTIONS IN NATIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE EFFORTSStates News ServiceJuly 17, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 797 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the office of Hawaii Rep. Ed Case:U.S. Congressman Ed Case (Hawai'i District 1) has gained full approval from the U.S. House for his floor amendment to the national intelligence authorization act to require our intelligence agencies to review and report back to Congress on whether they are adequately protecting the civil liberties of American citizens in countering foreign espionage efforts.His amendment specifically questions whether a significant increase in prosecutions of Chinese Americans arising from U.S. government investigations into alleged espionage by the People's Republic of China reflects an unacceptable broader profiling and targeting of the Chinese-American community.Case said the amendment was prompted by a recent report by the Committee of 100, a non-partisan leadership organization of prominent Chinese Americans in business, government, academia, entertainment and the arts, which found substantial increases in investigations and prosecutions disproportionate to other ethnic groups in the last decade. In some noteworthy examples, the indictments of Temple University Professor Xi Xiaoxing, Sherry Chen, a hydrologist with the U.S. National Weather Service in Ohio, and Guoqing Cao and Shuyu Li, senior biologists at Eli Lilly and Company, all U.S. citizens of Chinese descent, were dismissed prior to trial.In his floor remarks on his amendment, Case began by remembering the internment of some 120,000 ethnic Japanese, most of them U.S. citizens, in the hysteria of World War II. Case asked: "Are we repeating history or in danger of doing so?"Case went on to say "no doubt, China seeks to recruit Chinese Americans to its goals, and no doubt our government should, and must, review specific case of potential espionage by China on specific facts. But have we fallen into the same trap all over again of justifying investigations and other actions toward the end of national security by the means of general profiling and targeting based solely on ethnic identity?"Case's amendment calls on the U.S. Director of National Intelligence, acting through the director's Office of Civil Liberties, Privacy and Transparency, to direct the overall intelligence community to review whether espionage investigations are focused on specific facts as opposed to profiling whole ethnic groups such as Chinese Americans, to assure procedures protect civil liberties and privacy protections, and to report back to Congress with recommendations.The Committee of 100 Vice Chair Charlie Woo said "The Committee of 100 stands for the civil rights of Chinese Americans and all citizens, consistent with the American national interest, and thanks members of Congress for their leadership ensuring equality."The amendment was approved unanimously by the House for inclusion in H.R. 3494, the annual Intelligence Authorization Act. The bill, passed by the full House today, ensures that our country's intelligence community has the resources, authorities and proper oversight to keep our nation safe.Highlights of the bill include:Prioritizing the intelligence community's collection and analytic capabilities against China, Russia, and North Korea, while sustaining critical intelligence capabilities that support counterterrorism and counterproliferation efforts.Adapting the intelligence community to operate in a strategic environment of rapid technological change.Reinforcing existing hiring pipelines and broadening engagement with nontraditional communities in order to ensure that the intelligence community consistently recruits, hires, retains, and promotes the most highly qualified, and most highly diverse possible workforce.Maintaining and strengthening Congressional oversight by requiring each of the defense intelligence components to provide, in writing, how they comply with Department of Defense guidance about the timeliness and methods of reporting significant intelligence activities.Providing and prioritizing increased funding for intelligence capability and capacity for combatant commanders in support of the 2018 National Defense Strategy and strategic competition with China, Russia, and other malign actors.Understanding and countering Russian and other foreign interference in U.S. and foreign elections.Renewing the Public Interest Declassification Board for 10 years. (The Board is an advisory committee with the mandate of promoting the fullest possible public access to key national security decisions and activities.)Ensuring that the intelligence community recruitment efforts extend to rural and underserved areas.Authorizing the CIA to appropriately compensate its personnel and their dependents, when they are injured in connection with wars, insurgencies, hostile acts, or other incidents.###Load-Date: July 17, 2019End of Document

U.S. breathes Huawei amid uncertainty over trade warCE Noticias Financieras EnglishAugust 19, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 565 wordsBodyOn Monday, August 19, the United States gave Chinese telecom stakes a new respite, at a time of great uncertainty surrounding negotiations to end the trade war between the world's two largest economies.Commerce extended the first waiver period agreed in May for some Huawei U.S. customers and suppliers to continue working with the Chinese company by 90 days, ahead of a final ban."While we urge consumers to leave Huawei products, we recognize that more time is needed to avoid any discontinuation," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement.This new period "aims to give consumers across the United States the time to find suppliers other than Huawei, due to the ongoing threat (which poses) to national security and foreign policy," he said, explained the Department of Commerce.The ban is part of an initiative launched by US President Donald Trump to besiege Huawei, which his administration officials say maintains ties to Chinese intelligence.The company, which is the world's second-largest smartphone manufacturer, denies the accusation. The Chinese company is considered a world leader in 5G technology, but its performance may be hampered by a lack of access to key hardware and software for its development, including phone chips."There are another 90 days for U.S. telecom companies, some of the rural companies depend on Huawei," Ross told the Fox Business Network. The ban will enter into force on 19 November.The Trump administration had blacklisted Huawei in May, but agreed to first-day waivers, so that U.S. companies working with the Chinese firm and its subsidiaries could continue to sell its products to it.Beyond these exemptions, federal agencies are still prohibited from working with the Chinese giant. And the government has repeatedly insisted that Huawei cannot participate in the construction of the 5G mobile network in the United States.Washington is actively campaigning for its allies to do the same.Ross announced that he added to the blacklist 46 Huawei-affiliated companies, which has already numbered nearly 100ConfusionOn Sunday, Trump suggested that the waiver period might not extend "for national security reasons."The representative also related Beijing's attitude to pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong and the fate of trade talks between the two countries."I think it would be very difficult to reach an agreement if there is violence (...) if there is another Tiananmen," Trump told the press, in connection with Beijing's 1989 student protests placated with tanks, resulting in hundreds, if not thousands of deaths, as there was never an official record of the event's casualties.He had previously written on Twitter that his country was making "very good with China."Earlier on Sunday, his top economic adviser, Larry Kudlow, had said that Washington and Beijing were actively trying to lead negotiations to end the trade war.According to Kudlow, senior officials on both sides have to speak in the week or the next 10 days.The White House adviser's statements left doubts about the arrival of a Chinese delegation to Washington scheduled for September.Financial markets, nervous about a series of signs of a sharp slowdown in the world economy, especially because of the war waged by the world's first two economies,analyze any information on this front and react strongly.Copyright Group of Diarios América - GDA/La Nacion/Costa RicaLoad-Date: August 20, 2019End of Document

Dow Jones Today: Stocks Slip, Threatening Market's ReboundInvestor's Business DailyAugust 9, 2019Copyright 2019 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: STOCK MARKET TODAYLength: 1073 wordsByline: ALAN R. ELLIOTTBodyhttps://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/SMT0800-071919-adobe.jpgStocks saw early losses accelerate Friday morning, as trade war worries and fresh concerns over Europe's status rattled global trade. The Dow Jones today fell 0.4%, while the S&P 500 carved a 0.5% loss and the Nasdaq took a 0.7% hit — putting them on track to snap a three-day rebound. Meanwhile, IBD 50 stocks Trade Desk and Funko punched out solid early gains on earnings news.A shift in the  stirred yet another round of concerns over the deepening trade war early Friday. That helped send China's markets and U.S. stocks lower. Early U.S. trade also felt some pressure from Europe, where data showed the first contraction in the U.K. economy since 2012, and as Italy's government once again turned unstable.Intel and IBM took over the early declines on the Dow, off well over 1% each. McDonald's and Merck topped the Dow's upside, each rising more than 0.7%.Kraft Heinz dived 3.8%, leading the arly losses on the Nasdaq 100. Guggenheim downgraded the stock to sell. Video game maker Activision Blizzard fell more than 3% after reporting results late Thursday.Chipmaker Broadcom traded atop the list, up 2% on its deal to buy . Symantec shares dropped 1.2%.Disappointing earnings news sent Nektar Therapeutics down 39% and DXC Technology 340% lower, to the bottom of the S&P 500.  by the company's admission late Thursday that manufacturing issues resulted in the production of suboptimal batches of an experimental cancer treatment. Nektar shares were halted for a time in extended trading.On the upside, Callaway Golf surged 9% and  Yelp soared 11% on earnings wins. Recent initial public offerings were having a tough morning as Revolve Group dropped 13% and Propetro Holding dumped 27% on earnings news. Ridesharing IPO Uber tanked 9% Gear up for Friday's market action by reading Apple Stock Faces Tariffs ThreatApple stock slipped 0.6% early Friday as it closes out two of its widest-swinging weeks of the year. But it is on track for a surprisingly tight close, which is often a positive sign. Trade has remained above average for nine straight sessions, a sign that institutions are behind the action. The strengthening of the White House's stance in China trade war has direct implications for Apple, with the new round of tariffs posing the first immediate impact on the iPhone, rather than simply up its component suppliers. The company is also exposed to Chinese retaliation by the government or consumers, especially if national champion Huawei is under attack.The stock briefly cleared what  chart analysis plots as a 215.41 buy point in a cup-with-handle base. It then pulled back more than 8% below that entry, triggering the automatic sell rule. Shares on Wednesday and Thursday narrowly regained support at their 10-week moving average.IBD 50 Stocks: Funko, Trade Desk ClimbIBD 50 name Funko cliumbed 1.7%, riding a 317% earnings surge and a 38% rise in revenue for its second quarter. The late-Thursday results easily topped analyst estimates, and the toymaker , despite the threat from increased tariffs.The stock  following a June breakout from a flat base. It has since bobbed along 10-week support above and below the base's 24.40 entry. It ended Thursday 4% below that marker.Trade Desk —  — shed its premarket losses and jumped more than 3%. The online advertising sales platform reported better-than-expected second-quarter sales and earnings. Sales rose 42% and earnings soared 58%. Its current quarter revenue guidance just met analyst expectations.The stock ended Thursday 6% above a 258.09 buy point in a flat base.Tracking Gold Prices, Bond YieldsOverseas markets and currency markets have been influential over this week's U.S. market action. China's currency, as it reacts to a potential new round of U.S. trade sanctions, has been less stable than normal. That, in turn, helped to upend global investor confidence and currency markets.Gold — a good panic gauge for investor sentiment — spiked 3.8% for the week through Thursday to a six-year high, its largest single-week move since March 2016. Gold futures rose another 0.4% early Friday, to above $1,515 an ounce.Another worry sign, bonds, have continued to climb as money exits stocks and seeks more sheltered assets. Bonds inched higher on Friday, sending the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury bonds down 2 basis points to 1.70% — down from 2.69% at the start of 2019.The decline broadened the inversion between the 10-year yield and the yield on short-term, 3-month Treasury bills. This sort of .Global Markets: China, Europe In The RedChina's markets fell Friday, with the Shanghai Composite and Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong each losing 0.7%. In Japan, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 popped 0.4%, ending down 1.9% as it rebounds from its deep dive on Tuesday.Europe's market were having trouble just after midday, as data showed the U.K. economy contracted in the second quarter and as Italy's deputy prime minister withdrew his party's support for the coalition government and called for elections.Frankfurt's DAX dived 1.1% and the CAC-40 in Paris slumped 0.9%, while the FTSE 100 slipped 0.2% in afternoon trade.Dow Jones Today: The 50-Day TestInvestors will track the Dow Jones today to see how it behaves in relationship to its 50-day moving average. The index starts Friday with a 0.4% loss so far for the week. But the week's real measure is the Dow's 3.7% rebound from a deep-dive low on Wednesday. That bullish recovery showed big money investors moving in to support trade at the Dow's 200-day moving average. That support established a potential floor for a new rally attempt., each now up in three consecutive days and back above their 50-day moving averages.  Those gains placed IBD investors on the lookout for a possible , which would officially launch a new uptrend. A follow-through day involves a strong price gain in rising volume on Day 4 or later of an attempted rally.The Nasdaq and S&P 500 are still in a test to hold their 50-day moving averages. And the Dow Jones today opens below that technical level, which can act as a level of resistance. Investors will watch closely to see whether the Dow's dramatic rebound this week continues — possibly alongside a follow-through day on either the Nasdaq or S&P 500 — or if it flickers out as it runs up against the 50-day hurdle.For more detailed analysis of the current stock market and its status, .RELATED READING: Load-Date: August 12, 2019End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 4 of 11Luckin Coffee and Americana Group Sign Strategic Cooperation Agreement to Develop New Retail Coffee Business in the Greater Middle East and India  Page 6 of 11CASE SEEKS ASSURANCES ON CIVIL LIBERTIES PROTECTIONS IN NATIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE EFFORTS  Page 8 of 11U.S. breathes Huawei amid uncertainty over trade war  Page 11 of 11Dow Jones Today: Stocks Slip, Threatening Market's Rebound  