Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 2:09:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142629369Documents (100)1. APEC, CHINA, AND THE USMCAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20192. US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firmsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20193. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 15:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20194. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:01 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20195. SVB Financial's big bet on ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20196. FOR NBA'S QUANDARY OVER CHINA, STAND WITH HUMAN RIGHTSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20197. The Impact of China-US Trade Fight and Huawei and ZTE Bans on the Global Communications Equipment Supply ChainClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20198. US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firmsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20199. US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firmsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201910. New U.S.-China trade talks threatened by escalating tensionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201911. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 14:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201912. The real threat from China isn't "spy trains"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201913. FBI extends fight against Chinese intellectual theft at U.S. universitiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201914. Noise Threatens to Derail U.S.-China Trade SummitClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201915. US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theftClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201916. US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theftClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201917. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 12:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201918. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 13:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201919. Nationalism over NBA fandom: Fans support 'motherland' ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201920. Chinese state television does not broadcast early NBA seasonClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201921. UNITED NATIONS: THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201922. China shuts down NBA after management's support for Hong Kong protestsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201923. China dominates political propaganda in Instagram eraClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201924. Rockets' general manager's Hong Kong comments anger ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201925. Rockets' general manager's Hong Kong comments anger ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201926. Top Chinese state media editor calls out major internet crackdownClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201927. Chinese investors told to 'stay rational' after Xi Jinping's blockchain embrace causes stock rushClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201928. Chinese state media slams basketball's NBA in free speech rowClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201929. Trading Silence for Access: The Cost of Doing Business in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201930. CGF Members in China Align on Positive Change Agenda and Approve New China Board;Announcements Made During The Consumer Goods Forum's 2nd Annual China DayClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201931. China: IFJ Condemns the Government Exam for Press CredentialsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201932. Chinese Shares Get Boost to Close Week Higher; Lisheng Pharmaceutical Ticks UpClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201933. Group of Leading Chinese-Americans Highlight Impact of U.S.-China Tensions on American Science, Technology, Business, and Education;The Committee of 100 (C100) convenes nearly 300 leaders in science, technology, government, business, education, and civil rights to address the human impacts of geopoliticsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201934. Lies and Deceit: China and the Effects of CensorshipClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201935. Huawei exec: Chinese tech giant wants to be 'transparent'Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201936. China seeks to focus its talks with U.S. to overcome stalemateClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201937. ROMNEY URGES TSP BOARD TO REVERSE DECISION TO STEER FEDERAL RETIREMENT SAVINGS TO CHINAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201938. Murphy, Blumenthal, Scott Lead Bipartisan American Security Drone Act to Prohibit U.S. Government From Purchasing Drones From AdversariesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201939. US Trade War with China Further Escalated with Huawei BanClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201940. US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theftClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201941. US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theftClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201942. Chinese response to NBA part of ongoing trendClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201943. The Los Angeles Lakers and the Brooklyn Nets will play in China despite controversyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201944. As FCC Looks to Crack Down on Huawei, House Foreign Affairs Committee Passes Spanberger's Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G StrategyClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201945. PHILIPPINES ARRESTS NEARLY 300 CHINESE SUSPECTS IN ONLINE FRAUD RACKETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201946. SEN. CRUZ: WE SHOULDN'T HAVE AMERICAN SPORTS LEAGUES, COMPANIES, OR HOLLYWOOD ACTING AS THE CENSORS FOR TOTALITARIAN REGIMESClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201947. Analysis: China-Venezuela cooperation: on the Silk RoadClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201948. USCIRF Urges Congress to Pass Tibetan Policy and Support Act, Welcomes Recent Measures to Protect Religious Freedom in ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201949. AUSTRALIAN MINISTER SLAMS CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTYClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201950. The United States strikes a blow to China's AI ambitionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201951. USCIRF Report Documents How China's Surveillance State Threatens Religious FreedomClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201952. CHINA DETAINS HONG KONG-BOUND U.S. CITIZEN FEDEX PILOT | TUE, 24 SEP 2019 11:34 EDTClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201953. Official Comments: TechNet Outlines Harm of Escalating U.S.-China Trade WarClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201954. Silver: China asked for Rockets GM Daryl Morey to be firedClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201955. USCIRF URGES CONGRESS TO PASS TIBETAN POLICY AND SUPPORT ACT, WELCOMES RECENT MEASURES TO PROTECT RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IN CHINAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201956. Philippines arrests 277 Chinese accused of investment scamClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201957. Jim Cramer: American Companies Winning in China Are IndispensableClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201958. World shares mostly dip as China, US to resume trade talksClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201959. If trade war drags on, China will lose more: USClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201960. GIVE CHINA A CHANCE TO IMPROVE AMERICA'S TRANSIT SYSTEMClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201961. Pence Criticizes China's Actions Regarding Hong Kong, Slams Nike And NBAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201962. Apple withdraws controversial Hong Kong city transport app after China warningClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201963. CHINA USES HIGH-TECH TO MONITOR UYGHURS IN XINJIANG, RELIGIOUS FREEDOMS GROUP SAYSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201964. WHO'S AFRAID OF HUAWEI? UNDERSTANDING THE 5G SECURITY CONCERNSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201965. Trump administration blacklists Chinese firms linked to surveillance of Uighur minorityClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201966. Rep. Zeldin Urges Treasury to Launch Investigation of Chinese-Owned TikTokClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201967. China Recycling Energy Corp Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire Xi'an Yineng Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201968. SENATOR HAWLEY STATEMENT ON THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINAClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201969. China calls on United States to lift new sanctionsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201970. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201971. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201972. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201973. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201974. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201975. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 19:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201976. Zedd 'Permanently Banned' From China for Liking a 'South Park' TweetClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201977. COTTON, SCHUMER REQUEST ASSESSMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS POSED BY CHINA-OWNED VIDEO-SHARING PLATFORM, TIKTOK, A POTENTIAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE THREAT WITH OVER 110 MILLION DOWNLOADS IN U.S., ALONEClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201978. How to win over Chinese travelers? The CEO of leading travel site Ctrip shares her expertiseClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201979. Opinion: Iowan products and Chinese consumers: a first-hand perspectiveClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201980. Potential Ways the U.S. Could Target Chinese ListingsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201981. Interview with Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta; Trade in Focus; Mayor Bill de Blasio Ends Presidential Campaign; U.S. Military, Homeland Security Explore Use of A.I.; Apple CEO Tim Cook Greets Customers at New York Apple Store; Interview with Peter Navarro on China TradeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201982. China, Russia Spreading Surveillance Methods Around the WorldClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201983. DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL ADAM S. HICKEY TESTIFIES BEFORE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AT HEARING TITLED "SECURING AMERICA'S ELECTIONS PART II: OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT AGENCIES"Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201984. Trade war squeaks sharpens: US delivers on promise to raise tariffs on Chinese importsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201985. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201986. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201987. China denies telling National Basketball Association to fire exec over Hong Kong tweetClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201988. Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201989. China hacked iPhones and Android devices to target Uyghur MuslimsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201990. China warns world of possible economic downturnClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201991. Small-Caps Are Hot, Playing Ball With China, Trading Nvidia: Market ReconClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201992. The NBA and China continue to butt headsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201993. Trump has the upper hand in the trade war with China. He can't back down nowClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201994. Chinese Stocks Slump As US Reportedly Weighs Options To Block InvestmentsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201995. 3 ETFs For The Latest China MessClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201996. Independent Broker-Dealer Recruiter Jon Henschen Publishes article on Intellectual Takeout, "Forced Equality Has a History of Genocidal Results";In his October 25, 2019, Intellectual Takeout article, "Forced Equality Has a History of Genocidal Results" independent broker-dealer recruiter Jon Henschen of Henschen & Associates discusses how the largest genocides have resulted from tyrannical centralized governments yearning for utopian equality for all.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201997. GM's Hong Kong tweet reveals NBA's true prioritiesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201998. Plug & Play: Esports is having its own issues with ChinaClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201999. Gridsum Reports Unaudited Second Quarter 2019 Financial ResultsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 2019100. US proposes cutting off funds for Chinese telecom equipmentClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 2019

APEC, CHINA, AND THE USMCAStates News ServiceOctober 31, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 4684 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the Center for Strategic & International Studies (CSIS):Scott Miller: I'm Scott.Bill Reinsch: I'm Bill.Scott and Bill: We're the Trade Guys.Andrew Schwartz: You're listening to The Trade Guys, a podcast produced by CSIS where we talk about trade, in terms that everyone can understand. I'm H. Andrew Schwartz and I'm here with Scott Miller and Bill Reinsch, the CSIS Trade Guys.Jack Caporal: I'm Jack Caporal filling in for Andrew Schwartz. On this episode of The Trade Guys we'll react to the latest news out of Chile that APEC will be canceled.Announcer: Breaking news on the Chile APEC Summit next month. This is the summit where Xi Jinping and President Trump was supposed to get together and do a trade deal.Jack Caporal: What does that mean for trade in the Asia Pacific, and what does it mean for prospects of a US-China trade agreement? Plus, we'll break down two complicated issues. A new bill for Marco Rubio that would impact pension fund investment into China, and new concerns about the complicated auto rules in USMCA. All that and more on this episode of The Trade Guys.Jack Caporal: We're back with a brand new episode of The Trade Guys. And the breaking news this morning is that Chile has canceled the planned APEC Summit that was going ... that they were going to host in Santiago in the middle of November. And why that matters to the trade picture is because all eyes were on that summit as a place for Trump and Xi to meet and sign the phase one trade agreement that the administration has been touting. And so with no APEC Summit, what's next for the negotiations?Scott Miller: Well, let's start out with what APEC is. APEC is a group of 21 economies, including both the United States and China. Most are in Southeast Asia, but it's the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation, as they say, four adjectives in search of a verb or a noun.Bill Reinsch: A noun.Scott Miller: In this case.Bill Reinsch: Forum is the missing noun.Scott Miller: Forum or whatever. But APEC does have an annual leaders' meeting in the host country. This year the host country is Chile. So it was the item on both President Trump and President Xi's calendar and made for a nice point at which to declare what phase one of the negotiations is, and it was, I thought, a way for the US to show some progress.The leaders' summit, leaders' meeting has been canceled for reasons of security in Chile. They're having some civil unrest. So Chile made the decision to cancel it. Bill, I don't know if you think it's consequential. I'm not sure it's consequential to the overall negotiation.Bill Reinsch: It's consequential for APEC.Scott Miller: Yes.Bill Reinsch: APEC has turned out over the years to be a surprisingly important organization. Here at CSIS we do an annual pre-summit meeting and the comment made a couple of years that has always intrigued me has been that APEC is strong precisely because it is so weak. It doesn't promulgate rules that everybody has to obey.Scott Miller: Right.Bill Reinsch: It produces guidelines and advisory standards. But because it's not mandatory or obligatory on the part of the partners, it allows people to be a little bit more forthcoming in making arrangements. And they've done some very interesting work on privacy, for example, data privacy, which other, the APEC numbers have begun to sign up to and accept, take on one by one responsibilities for.It's a wonderful organization and it's too bad that it got canceled because they're coming up next year on the 20th anniversary of what are called the Bogor Goals, which were essentially a set of principles designed to produce free trade and investment in the region. And 20 years is the time for stock ticking and setting up new goals. And there was work underway at APEC to do both of those things.Scott Miller: But there's been a lot of progress in that area, for sure.Bill Reinsch: Yes. Yeah, it would be a good meeting, and now it's been put off for a year, which is too bad. Unfortunately I think the media is not focusing on that at all, and they're focusing on the chance for Xi and Trump to sign something. And there I don't think it's going to make much difference. It was a convenient action forcing event. They would both be in the same place at the same time.There are other events if they want to get together. They can both go to the East Asia Summit if they want to, or they can invent a meeting. He can come to Mar-a-lago again, or Trump can go somewhere, or anywhere. There's no ... I mean, it was an artificial meeting, a deadline for that purpose, and there was some doubt being cast as recently as yesterday, which was Tuesday, over whether the agreement would even be ready by that date anyway.Now, my guess was that if the two presidents wanted to sign something, there would be something to sign. That's usually what happens if bureaucracies pick up the pace and produce something. But this means it may take a little longer, but there will still be a phase one and at some point there will still be a signing.Jack Caporal: Do you think this kind of plays into China's hands a little bit if you believe that they're really just trying to wait out the administration, foot drag, and not really commit to any big structural changes?Bill Reinsch: Well, it probably works to their advantage in that sense. But you can't blame it on them.Scott Miller: No.Bill Reinsch: I mean, this was a Chilean decision.Scott Miller: The pressure's off, but it wasn't, they didn't cancel it, but the Chinese didn't cancel the meeting. It does reduce pressure on the Chinese for specific deliverables.Jack Caporal: Right. And ...Bill Reinsch: Can't blame it on Trump either actually.Scott Miller: No.Bill Reinsch: For once. It's something that happened in South America.Scott Miller: Totally, totally-Jack Caporal: Maybe they can do ... They can do Mar-a-Lago 2.0 and make nice ...Scott Miller: It's Trump Doral now, not Mar-a-Lago.Jack Caporal: Oh, apologies.Jack Caporal: The other issue, and I think one of the reasons why folks were, some folks were so focused on the potential signing of the phase one agreement is some new data that's come out recently that farm bankruptcies are at their highest rates since 2011. They're up 24% year-on-year. And there's also new data that shows that 40% of farm revenue this year will come from trade aid. That's the trade bail out disaster money, crop insurance, et cetera. And so, we're in a situation now where there's more uncertainty for farmers, et cetera. But you all, you both seem pretty confident that a phase one deal eventually will be reached.Bill Reinsch: Well, yes. But there remains the question of how much difference is going to make. There was another graph making the rounds that said if they buy 20 billion, that is actually less than what they used to be buying. On the peak year, I think it was something over 25 billion. One of the great mysteries of this was when they announced it, the word was that they were, the Chinese were going to buy 40 or $50 billion worth of agriculture. Well, if that's going to be in one year, that's a big deal and probably impossible.Scott Miller: But they never specified it.Bill Reinsch: They never specified the time period. If it's two years, that's what they used to do. If it's three or four years, it's less than what they used to do. So this is not necessarily a big victory.Scott Miller: Yeah. Look, the pain in the farm community has been evident for some time. And a couple of the expert guests we've had on The Trade Guys, Blake Hurst at the Missouri Farm Bureau and Angela Hoffman of Farmers Free Trade have both talked about there's five or six straight years of declining farm income and that this is the time we would expect to see bankruptcies begin. And now too through this presidency.Bill Reinsch: Which is what's happening. And the political comment has been that in response we've been asking people that the great mystery here is that farmers are suffering clearly and they say so. Yet, they're still supporting Trump. And people keep asking why. And people who know the community and know farmers say, "Well, that will begin to change when they start losing their farms." That farming has historically been cyclical ... Not cyclical, but it has its ups and downs. There are always going to be bad years. This was a bad year for weather-wise, as well as trade-wise. And so farmers over the years have learned you have to go with the flow on this. But when the bank gets their farm and they're dispossessed, that is radical change.Scott Miller: Right. And it's always toughest on younger farmers because they have the highest leverage. Farmers who are older tend to own their land, which means they're less exposed to a downturn in terms of the fixed costs of running the place. So it's doubly difficult for farm communities because you have the general effect of lower, lower prices and lower, lower volume, but then you start to lose the very people you want to keep in the community, which is your young farmers.Jack Caporal: Right. So have uncertainty on the farmers front and obviously on the goods front with all the tariffs that are floating around here. But now there's some additional uncertainty on the financial front of the US-China relationship. And this is a story that we've talked about before where I think it was a few weeks ago or maybe last month. There were rumors about the administration considering a sort of financial decoupling from China, making it more difficult for US investors to invest in China. Also, there are concerns floating around about the inability for US authorities to audit Chinese companies that trade on US stock exchanges.It seems like the administration has shelved some of those discussions or at least kicked the can. And because of that, Senator Marco Rubio from Florida is quite outspoken on China issues. He's introduced legislation that would block US government pensions from investing in Chinese stocks. Scott, what does that really mean?Scott Miller: Well, as often happens with our elected officials, the press-release is sort of less than meets the eye. And this is ... Well, what Senator Rubio is proposing restrictions on one of the several funds within the Thrift Savings Plan. The Thrift Savings Plan is essentially the government or federal workers' 401k plans. Okay, that's just the name of it. And he has proposed changes to one of several of these letter funds that federal employees and retirees can choose to invest in. What he's chosen is one that is basically an emerging markets fund. Think of it, if you're buying a mutual fund asset or a 401k asset and you wanted a mutual fund in the emerging markets, that would be the equivalent of the I Fund.But what's missed in the press release, and is very important in this case is, it's tiny amount of money. So per perspective. Total pension assets for government workers, federal, state, and local is about $4 trillion. That's total pension assets under management. Through a savings plan, which is one element, federal only, and sort of the ... It's a contributory element of the federal pension structure. So TSP, all TSP has 560 billion under management. The TSP I Fund is 5% of that. So $30 billion out of 560 billion total TSP, and 4 trillion total government employee pensions, government retiree pension. So ...Jack Caporal: So if you're a civil servant, could this bill really worry you?Scott Miller: Well, nobody's using this fund. Not nobody, but it is a small allocation of the typical federal contributor, federal participant today. Two thirds of the money is in either government bonds or something that mimics US traded companies like the SandP 500.Bill Reinsch: I was in the TSP when I was in the government and I eventually took my money out because I got annoyed with them. But they've done a good job in recent years of diversifying the options for federal employees. In the beginning there were only two, one that followed a market index, the SandP 500 or some normal index, and another one that was government securities basically. And those were the only two choices. Now there are more choices. So it really does approximate the kind of 401k that a lot of Americans are in.This particular issue though is not going to go away because what they're saying or what Rubio is saying is that the fund in question was going to use an index that included Chinese securities. And that's what he was objecting to. One of the dilemmas this poses, and I went through this in a slightly different context when I was running the National Foreign Trade Council is the pension fund managers have a fiduciary duty, which really is to maximize returns.Scott Miller: They act in the best interest of the share owner.Bill Reinsch: They're messengers of the shareholders. When you start injecting non-economic criteria into the decision making process, you are basically forcing them to breach their fiduciary duty. We ran into this when the NFTC, this is a short digression, but it's an interesting story. We sued Illinois because Illinois had passed legislation relating to state pension funds, state fire department and police and teacher fund ... pension funds in Illinois, and there was not just one. Every little community had its own fund. But they're all regulated by the state. And they passed legislation at the time that said you couldn't invest in any fund that did business with companies that were doing business in Sudan. It was a human rights thing. Not that different I think from some of Rubio's motivation.That sounds like a noble thing to do. It passed the legislature. When you looked into it, and this comment is unique to that time and those funds, this is not a general statement, but we discovered that basically there were 29 funds that ... 29 mutual funds that these pension funds were allowed to invest in by subject to state regulation. And of those 29, there was only one that met the criteria of the statute. And its return was at that time about half of what the average rate of return for the others was.So basically what the state of Illinois was saying to the teachers and the fire department and the police was, "We're going to make you accept a lower return because we're pursuing this for a human rights objective." One of our complaints was nobody asked the police whether they thought that was a good idea. Now, there may be some who would say, "Sure, I will accept less money because I think this is a moral imperative." My suspicion is there were probably more people who would say, "Enforce your moral imperative a different way. Don't take it out of my pocket."Scott Miller: That's an important point that's unmentioned in this story because like Illinois, the first question is whose money is it?Bill Reinsch: Sure.Scott Miller: The answer is it's TSP plan participants' money. All right? And somebody ought to consult with them.Bill Reinsch: Not the state's money.Scott Miller: It's not the state's money. It's not.Bill Reinsch: Not the Fed's money.Scott Miller: It's not the Fed's money. Okay? Also, look, it's a trivial allocation, but it's actually, it's actually a pretty good risk management. We don't give investment advice on the show, but finding out that 5%-Bill Reinsch: Good thing too.Scott Miller: Yeah, that's a good thing, but finding out only 5% of assets are in the emerging market funds, first sounds very sensible and totally consistent with good diversification practices. So obviously users are making those decisions and at minimum should be consulted. But Bill's absolutely right about the fiduciary obligation on the fund managers in this case.Jack Caporal: Right. So, just to be clear, Rubio's justification here is, "To ensure that federal retirement savings can never be a source of wealth funding the Chinese Communist Party at the expense of our nation's future prosperity." Agree or disagree it does seem as though this conversation about U.S. financial linkages to China in a variety of aspects, that conversation's not going away anytime soon. So do you think that some of these proposals will gain legs going forward and there will be a type of financial decoupling that we're seeing on the traditional trade side? It seems to me like that opens up a huge can of worms with a lot of unpredictable consequences just because of the leveraging and ...Scott Miller: Look, it certainly, certainly could get much worse than it is. It's not very bad now. We still have an open investment policy as a nation, and that's good for Americans. In this particular case, I think Senator Rubio should do with his TSP assets whatever he thinks is right. And before he acts on the behalf of others, he ought to consult with the owners.Bill Reinsch: Let me add though, and you alluded to this Jack when you began, there are other issues on the table here. And it appears that this particular bill may have some legs because I think there's some sympathy for it inside the administration. And it's a regulatory matter. I mean, you don't need to pass a law to do this. The administration can just have the TSP program, not do that-Scott Miller: Yeah, that's an independent agency that is ...Jack Caporal: That's what kicked off the legislation. The Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board was examining this issue and then they kicked the can for two weeks and Rubio got ...Bill Reinsch: Yeah, they're not doing-Jack Caporal: ... antsy.Bill Reinsch: They're not doing what he wants.Jack Caporal: Yeah.Bill Reinsch: But they could do what he wants. So it's a relatively simple thing. The thing, what I thought they were going to do, because there's a much longer history and I think better justification was to have the SEC delist the companies that were not compliant with US audit and transparency requirements.Jack Caporal: Just delisting Chinese companies that trade on the U.S. stock exchange.Bill Reinsch: Yeah. And this is not a new issue. We've been fighting with the Chinese about this probably for at least 10 years, and it goes back through at least the Obama administration, if not the Bush administration. If you're going to be registered on American stock exchanges ...Scott Miller: If you want to be listed, you got to follow the rules of listing.Bill Reinsch: There are rules, and those rules include allowing auditors in to examine the internal papers of the company, and there are transparency requirements. And the Chinese government has maintained consistently that as a matter of sovereignty their companies are required to refuse to let U.S. auditors do that. And this has been the source of negotiation between the two countries for a long time. We have an organization in the United States called the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, PCAOB charged with this. And they spent a long time negotiating, thought they had worked something out. It turns out I think they really didn't satisfactorily, and patience has kind of run out on this because the Chinese really are outliers to what our normal requirements that all American companies have to meet. I'm kind of waiting for that shoe to drop because it's so obvious.Scott Miller: And it's, to be clear, not an anti-China mechanism. It is a requirement of anybody who wants access essentially to American capital markets.Jack Caporal: Sure. And last question on the financial issue. I mean, what ammunition do the Chinese have here? If we were to do something like delist a number of Chinese companies, prohibit civil servants from putting pension plan money into emerging markets like China, how would China respond?Bill Reinsch: Well on the pension fund, they probably wouldn't notice because it's so small.Scott Miller: It's trivial, yeah.Bill Reinsch: If we started delisting companies, including big ones, that they would notice. They might retaliate. I think not through ... They might retaliate by eliminating US financial services activity in China directly, taking away licenses they've granted, things like that.Scott Miller: Or effecting other reform issues that are already being negotiated otherwise.Jack Caporal: Sure. Okay. We'll keep watching that one. Now, switching gears, no pun intended, to USMCA and automobiles, there's ...Scott Miller: Oh that is a pun.Jack Caporal: Everybody's favorite topic.Scott Miller: Well done.Jack Caporal: And this is kind of a complicated story but I think it's an important one. There's reporting this week about USMCA and auto rules of origin and the way that those rules are administered. Rules of origin essentially are rules in a trade agreement that say how much of a product has to be made within the free trade zone or between the free trade parties or the free trade agreement parties in order for that product to qualify for preferential treatment for duty free trade, right? And the auto rules in USMCA are, I would say, extremely complicated, having spent some time looking at that.Scott Miller: Well, both far more complicated than NAFTA rules.Jack Caporal: Yes.Scott Miller: NAFTA rules was a straight 62.5%.Jack Caporal: Yes.Scott Miller: Yes.Jack Caporal: 62.5% of the vehicle ...Scott Miller: Of NAFTA contact ...Jack Caporal: Had to be made in Canada, US, or Mexico.Scott Miller: Correct.Jack Caporal: Yeah.Scott Miller: And they've moved to a 75% and added an element called the labor value added to the calculation, which makes the accounting and therefore the compliance challenges much greater.Jack Caporal: Yeah. And so without going into all of the details, they've added a labor element. They've added different rules for different materials and different parts and different aspects of the vehicle. And then there are different ways for each company to meet those layered requirements essentially, right?And so there's a provision in the USMCA that lays out a transition period. So auto companies that are having more difficult time meeting the new complicated rules can have basically a phased in period where they can work with USTR to lay out essentially a business plan that will get them to the rule of origin eventually and in the meantime they can continue to trade automobiles within North America duty-free.And the concern is that the rules, is that really there aren't many transparent rules about how those transition plans would be approved or would work, right? And so what is the implication there?Scott Miller: Well, let's ... For the rules themselves, I think this is, and we see this a lot in today's world. We were applying sort of 1980s managed trade ideas to the 2019 reality, which in reality is quite different. It's much more complicated. Where anything is made is a lot more complicated today than it was in 1980. And the USMCA rules were known to be more restrictive. It was announced in advance by the auto industry's think-tank, the Center for Automotive Research that those rules would first make automobiles in North America more expensive for consumers, and second, they would make U.S. produced automobiles less competitive in export markets. This was known during the negotiation.Bill Reinsch: Same thing our study concluded, yes.Scott Miller: Which is actually sort of common knowledge. There is an additional issue that I think is making this even more complicated, which is companies in order to qualify for the preferences you mentioned, which is 2.5% on cars, 25% on trucks, so that, to qualify for that preference you have to have a compliance structure in place and be able to demonstrate that your product complies with the rules.Scott Miller: Now, in let's say 30 years ago when NAFTA was being negotiated and being considered in the auto rule, then that time 62.5% was being considered. All the automakers that are assemblers in North America had large compliance staffs in-house, large organizations and there was a lot of work done. This is not a trivial task. One of the things that's happened though as services delivery has changed and the companies themselves, the assemblers themselves have changed, is very few companies, even large ones, have compliance staff in-house anymore.Scott Miller: So you're moving to a more complicated rule, one that requires fairly delicate and sophisticated calculations on labor value added, which is not easy to do in the first place and there's no habits and there are no regulations to point two of how we've done it in the past. You can't even create a decent safe harbor for the compliance people. Plus, those compliance people are no longer company employees and are in some removed remote facility as a contractor or supplier to the assembler. So this is really ... It's a nontrivial task. I have no idea how people are going to do it. We've often talked on the show, how much do you actually put up with for a 2.5% preference. And that's the question I hope somebody is thinking about, but maybe nobody is.Bill Reinsch: And the story that you alluded to in the beginning that came out today suggests that the government is proposing language that would give them very intrusive authority to tell companies where to build and I guess what to build, which is, I mean it's very odd for Republican administration. I mean, it's classic industrial policy.Scott Miller: Yes.Bill Reinsch: I mean it comes close to in some ways nationalizing the industry. I can't believe they're going to be able to sell this to the Congress. But we'll see. It also raises the question of one of the things that I keep running into. When you mess with the market, odd things happen. Why USTR knows more about how the auto industry should be constructed than they do baffles me.Scott Miller: Yeah. And I've been thinking about this in the context of say, 20 years of trade negotiations. I cannot imagine any U.S. negotiator even giving a minutes notice to some other country who tabled a proposal like this about putting those kinds of burdens on our manufacturers. We wouldn't tolerate it for a second.Jack Caporal: Sure.Scott Miller: And yet we're doing it to our own manufacturers that I'm just, I'm confused about why they think this is a better way to do it. At first, I was, at least they seem to agree that they don't have the statutory authority to do it now because they're seeking that authority in the implementing bill for USMCA, but this looks messy, and I think what it'll do is ultimately people would just pay the tariff, build the car the way they want to build it and life goes on.Jack Caporal: Yeah. It would be very odd for the Mexican government, for example, to tell a company like GM that they have to build another engine plant in Mexico in order for them to qualify for rule ofScott Miller: Or have to. The transition plans are subject to approval by the government.Jack Caporal: Yeah.Scott Miller: That's crazy.Jack Caporal: People would be setting their hair on fire over something like that.Scott Miller: It's a preference.Jack Caporal: But here it's ...Scott Miller: It's an incentive. You either do what it takes to qualify for the incentive or you don't.Jack Caporal: Right. Well, I think the issue is that it should be black and white. As you said, you either qualify or you don't. And now there is a level of subjectivity shall we say, that folks are becoming very wary about.Scott Miller: Yes, we should get the Nobel Prize to whoever, the compliance person who actually figures out how to manage these rules in the first place. It's going to be a heroic task.Jack Caporal: Indeed. So we'll stay tuned on that and obviously more to come on the next episode.Bill Reinsch: Always more to come.Andrew Schwartz: To our listeners. If you have a question for The Trade Guys, write us at tradeguys@csis.org That's tradeguys@csis.org We'll read some of your emails and have The Trade Guys react to it.Andrew Schwartz: We're also now on Spotify, so you can find us there when you're listening to The Rolling Stones or you're listening to Tom Petty or whatever you're listening to. Thank you, Trade Guys.Bill Reinsch: Thank you.Scott Miller: Thanks, Andrew.Andrew Schwartz: You've been listening to The Trade Guys, a CSIS podcast.(END)Load-Date: November 2, 2019End of Document

US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firmsAssociated Press InternationalOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 11:13 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWSLength: 539 wordsByline: By MATT O'BRIEN, AP Technology WriterBodyThe United States is blacklisting a group of Chinese tech companies that develop facial recognition and other artificial intelligence technology that the U.S. says is being used to repress China's Muslim minority groups.A move Monday by the U.S. Commerce Department puts the companies on a so-called Entity List for acting contrary to American foreign policy interests.The blacklist effectively bars U.S. firms from selling technology to the Chinese companies without government approval.Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a written statement Monday that the U.S. government "will not tolerate the brutal suppression of ethnic minorities within China."The blacklisted companies include Hikvision and Dahua, both of which are global providers of video surveillance technology.Hikvision said in a statement Monday that it respects human rights and strongly opposes the Trump administration's decision. The company said it has spent a year trying to "clarify misunderstandings about the company and address their concerns," and that this will hurt its U.S. business partners.Prominent Chinese AI firms such as Sense Time, Megvii and iFlytek are also on the list. Sense Time and Megvii are known for the development of computer vision technology that underpins facial recognition products, while iFlytek is known for its voice recognition and translation services.The companies are among 28 organizations added to the blacklist Monday. Along with the tech companies, the Commerce Department's filing targets local government agencies in China's northwestern Xinjiang region.The filing said the listed groups have been implicated in "China's campaign of repression, mass arbitrary detention, and high-technology surveillance" against Uighurs, Kazakhs and other predominantly Muslim minority groups.Geng Shuang, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman, said the U.S. has no right to interfere in Xinjiang's internal affairs and denied there are human rights issues in the region."This kind of behavior seriously violates the basic norms of international relations, interferes in China's internal affairs, and harms China's interests," he said. "The Chinese side strongly deplores and opposes it."Megvii said Tuesday there are "no grounds" for including the company in the blacklist. Megvii said it received no revenue from projects in Xinjiang in the six months through June 30."We believe our inclusion on the list reflects a misunderstanding of our company," said a Megvii statement.The Trump administration earlier this year used the same blacklisting process to punish Huawei, the Chinese telecom giant targeted by the U.S. over national security concerns. Added to the list in June were five Chinese groups working in supercomputing.Ross said Monday's action will ensure U.S. technologies "are not used to repress defenseless minority populations."China is estimated to have detained up to 1 million Muslims in prison-like detention centers in the region. The detentions come on top of harsh travel restrictions and a massive surveillance network equipped with facial recognition technology. China has denied committing abuses in the centers and has described them as schools aimed at providing employable skills and combating extremism.Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 15:00 ETBriefing.comSeptember 24, 2019 Tuesday 3:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 15098 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 24-Sep-19 15:00 ET14:51SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- NIO (NIO) stoops following second quarter results -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersMYGN (30.56 +9.93%): The stock finds upward momentum on higher than average volume after a soft start to today's session that saw the stock slump by as much as 4%; it now posts one-month highs.JBL (32.78 +4.63%): Posted upside Q4 EPS and in-line revs (+13.9% yr/yr to $6.57 bln). Diversified Manufacturing Services revs grew +2% yr/yr while Electronics Manufacturing Services increased +23% yr/yr, driven by the 5G, cloud, energy, and automotive end markets. Guided Q1 EPS and revs in-line with consensus. Authorized a $600 mln common stock repurchase program. Posts multi-year highs.MGEE (79.02 +4.19%): Utilities sector outperforms relatively. Spikes to all-time highs. (Related: PCG, AWK...)Mid Cap LosersNIO (2.07 -23.9%): Missed estimates for Q2 EPS on upside revs. Vehicle sales revs decreased 7.9% sequentially to RMB1,414.5 mln, driven largely by a decrease in sales volume caused by the EV subsidy reduction announced in March and by general slowdown in Chinese macro-economic conditions. Cost of sales increased +8.8% sequentially to RMB2,012.8 mln, largely due to accrued recall costs; vehicle margin was -24.1% vs -7.2% in Q1. R&D expenses increased +20.6% sequentially (+70.0% yr/yr) to RMB1,300.5 mln; SG&A expenses increased +7.7% sequentially (+48.6% yr/yr) to RMB1,421.4 mln. For Q3, co expects vehicle deliveries to increase +18.2-23.8% sequentially, and it expects revs to grow +5.6-10.3% sequentially, downside consensus. Canceled its Q2 earnings call. At all-time lows. BB (5.95 -20.77%): Topped consensus for Q2 EPS while missing on revs (+22% yr/yr to $261 mln). Total IoT revenue declined 5% yr/yr. Non-GAAP revs for recently-acquired Cylance were $51 mln, about flat sequentially. Lowered the top end of its FY20 revs guidance range. Promoted Steve Rai from Deputy CFO to CFO, effective October 1. Downgraded at Scotiabank. At multi-year lows. NEOG (67.02 -10.64%): Reported below consensus Q1 EPS and revs; co, though it is "pleased" with strength in its genomics business, commented on the overall shortfall of its quarterly performance relative to its expectations, saying, "Even considering the difficult international business climate [...] we must work to produce better results," including amid ongoing adverse currency environments.14:31COMDX Energy Settlement PricesOct Crude Oil futures fell $1.30 (-2.22%) to $57.24/barrel Oct Natural Gas $0.01 lower (-0.4%) at $2.52/MMBtu Oct RBOB Gasoline settled $0.03 lower (-1.5%) at $1.6524/gallon Oct Heating oil futures settled $0.03 lower (-1.51%) at $1.96/gallon14:21TALKX Market Briefing: Whipsawed by political wranglingThe stock market touched a fresh session low in recent trade, but that dip was followed by a 20-point surge in the S&P 500, which took place immediately after President Trump tweeted that he will release a full unredacted transcript of his conversation with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky. That conversation had become the rallying point around growing calls for the president's impeachment, but the recent tweet suggests that President Trump believes that the transcript will not show anything illegal.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is scheduled to make a statement at 17:00 ET.13:54WE We Company's Board confirms co-founder Adam Neumann's decision to step back from his role as CEO; names CFO & vice chairman as co-CEOsWeWork's Artie Minson, formerly co-president and chief financial officer, and Sebastian Gunningham, formerly vice chairman, have been named co-CEOs of the company. These changes are effective immediately.13:38MYGN Myriad Genetics shares shrug off early weakness, jump 5% to one-month highs (29.10 +1.30)13:38COMDX Metals Settlement PricesDec gold settled today's session up $9.30 (0.61%) at $1540.7/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.07 lower (0.37%) at $18.62/oz Dec copper settled $0.01 lower (0.38%) at $2.6/lb13:27OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:SAN Dec 4 calls (volume: 20.5K, open int: 1.1K, implied vol: ~30%, prev day implied vol: 10%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.FL Weekly Sep27 41 calls (volume: 1930, open int: 230, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is presenting at a Wells Fargo conference tomorrow. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 22 before the open.CSCO Nov 52.5 calls (volume: 3390, open int: 12.1K, implied vol: ~26%, prev day implied vol: 25%). Co is scheduled to present on September 22 and 23. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 13 after the close.Bearish Put Activity:CRON Sep 10 puts are seeing interest with the underlying stock and sector showing weakness (volume: 2820, open int: 780, implied vol: ~75%, prev day implied vol: 59%). Co is expected to report earnings mid-November.CTSH Weekly Sep27 60.5 puts (volume: 4980, open int: 0, implied vol: ~29%, prev day implied vol: 23%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.15, VIX: (16.89, +1.98, +13.2%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:23TALKX Market Briefing: Playing (and trading) politicsA positive start for the stock market has been upended by political undertones that have impacted market sentiment by raising the level of uncertainty on the (geo)political and trade fronts.Several headlines have attracted added attention and have been cited as an excuse for today's selling:The speech President Trump gave today before the UN General Assembly was tough-sounding with respect to China not adopting reforms expected of it after being admitted to the WTO; furthermore, the president repeated that he won't accept a bad trade deal and wants a complete trade deal with China.President Trump warned leaders at the General Assembly that they should not subsidize Iran's "blood lust" and repeated that hard-hitting economic sanctions will remain on Iran until Iran changes its ways.Politico carried an article that indicated Senator Elizabeth Warren has pulled ahead of former Vice President Biden in New Hampshire polling. The stock market is reportedly worried that business-friendly deregulation and tax-friendly policies would be rolled back in the event Senator Warren ultimately became president. [Briefing note: There is a lot of time still in front of the 2020 presidential election, so we are merely highlighting a psychological factor that can help explain why the market sees such a headline as a negative.]There is speculation swirling that House Speaker Pelosi is considering allowing impeachment proceedings in the House against President Trump in relation to reports that he allegedly violated his oath of office when he allegedly withheld military aid to Ukraine as leverage for a request to have Ukraine investigate the business dealings in the Ukraine of former Vice President Biden's son, Hunter Biden.There has been a broad-based retreat, with cyclical sectors bearing the brunt of the selling pressure. The utilities (+0.7%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are exhibiting relative strength in a defensive-oriented trade. In turn, the Treasury market has attracted an added safe-haven bid amid the stock market pullback. The 10-yr note yield is down six basis points to 1.65%.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.7%; the S&P 500 is down 1.0%; the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.6%; and the Russell 2000 is down 1.9%. All are at their lows for the session.13:04BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.612% (When-Issued: 1.622%) Bid-to-cover: 2.64Indirect bid: 57.0% Direct bid: 15.9% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.337% Bid-to-cover: 2.56 Indirect bid: 47.0% Direct bid: 17.8%13:03SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Industrials: GE (23.26 mln -3.75%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (96.12 mln -22.81%), ROKU (24.77 mln -4.57%), F (14.22 mln -0.87%), AABA (13.78 mln -72.32%)Information Technology: AMD (43.19 mln -3.63%), BB (25.35 mln -22.37%), AAPL (15.95 mln -0.42%), NOK (15.4 mln -1.45%), SQ (13.63 mln -1.14%), CSCO (13.21 mln -0.24%)Financials: BAC (31.19 mln -2.27%), QQQ (18.26 mln -1.45%), TQQQ (14.45 mln -4.44%)Energy: MDR (31.57 mln -7.45%), CHK (29.99 mln -5.92%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (15.89 mln -1.29%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: URGN (4.33x -3.49%), AKCA (2.81x -6.18%), MDSO (2.16x -0.19%)Industrials: LXFR (2.64x -1.09%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (5.92x -22.81%), KMX (3.07x -2.52%), PLYA (2.79x -0.38%), UXIN (2.15x -18.28%)Information Technology: BB (7.2x -22.37%), ICHR (3.55x +1.74%), JBL (2.91x +4.02%)Financials: IGD (5.52x -5.42%), UCFC (3.72x -0.19%), ECC (2.34x -3.17%), FRBK (2.22x -5.1%)Consumer Staples: FDP (6.31x +16.1%), NBEV (6.25x +14.54%), PSMT (3.33x +0.23%)13:01SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: GTS (15.62 +3.6%), PODD (163.98 +3.46%)Materials: PVG (12.97 +4.26%), HMY (3.44 +4.24%), SBGL (5.6 +3.9%), MAG (12.42 +3.41%)Consumer Discretionary: MIK (9.78 +7.59%), OSTK (11.71 +4.65%), NLS (1.4 +3.7%), WYNN (111.51 +3.14%), FND (51.04 +3.11%)Information Technology: JBL (32.59 +4.02%)Financials: SQQQ (33.3 +4.43%), UVE (29.61 +3.53%)Energy: JAG (7.97 +3.37%)Consumer Staples: FDP (35.52 +16.1%), NBEV (3.19 +14.54%)Utilities: PCG (11.9 +3.12%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: LXRX (2.96 -11.9%), NEOG (66.75 -11%), ACOR (3.23 -9.92%), RCM (9.67 -9.67%), PACB (5.1 -9.25%)Materials: CC (14.7 -9.48%)Consumer Discretionary: AABA (19.6 -72.32%), NIO (2.1 -22.81%), UXIN (2.28 -18.28%)Information Technology: BB (5.83 -22.37%), JKS (18.91 -9.61%)Financials: VIRT (17.43 -9.45%)Energy: SPN (0.2 -36.24%), ESV (6.03 -10.13%), NE (1.7 -10.05%), CRK (8.19 -10%), ROAN (1.49 -9.15%), MMLP (4.35 -9%), TUSK (2.71 -8.75%)12:59WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks sliding following data, Trump UN speech, impeachment rumorsTechnology and energy stocks are leading the marker lower following a decline in consumer confidence, President Trump's UN speech, and some politically-minded speculation. The S&P 500, which was up as much as 0.5% today, is now down 1.0%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.7%) and Nasdaq Composite (-1.5%) have also given up gains and trade near session lows.Early gains in tech stocks had led the market to that higher open. Some attributed this to China buying more U.S. soybeans and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin confirming trade talks in two weeks. Sentiment has been delicate, though, and quickly turned after the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August.Stocks steadily retreated as President Trump remained tough on China at the UN General Assembly, with selling interest accelerating in recent action amid reports that Democrats may announce impeachment details later today. Those outperforming technology companies are now among today's laggards with energy stocks extending losses.Mega-cap technology stocks within the S&P 500 consumer discretionary (-1.1%) and communication services (-1.1%) sectors weigh on the market, while weakness in the semiconductor stocks drag on the information technology sector (-1.0%). The energy sector (-1.7%) is today's outright laggard as oil prices ($57.60, -$1.04, -1.8%) decline amid growth concerns.In turn, investors are assuming some defensive positioning in U.S. Treasuries and stocks within the S&P 500 utilities (+0.7%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors.The increased demand for Treasuries has extended the recent slide in yields. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.63%, and the 10-yr yield is down six basis points to 1.65%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.2% to 98.37.Netflix (NFLX 255.25, -10.63, -4.0%), which is now negative for the year, is down another 4% today. Pivotal Research Group cut its NFLX price target to $350 from $515, citing several reasons including higher content costs and competition.Reviewing today's economic data, which included the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.The FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June.The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).12:54SPY The recent leg lower in the stock market has been attributed to increased chances of impeachment proceedings coming from Democrats (295.40 -2.81)As we pointed out in out early morning reading summary this morning, The Washington Post reported last night that President Trump ordered his administration to hold aid to Ukraine prior to phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, where Mr. Trump allegedly pressured Mr. Zelensky to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden's son.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) is considering allowing impeachment proceedings against Mr. Trump and will meet with her caucus today at 16:00 ET.Growth stocks continue to come under pressure and oil is down nearly 2%.Energy XLE -1.7%, biotech XBI -2.7% and software IGV -1.7% stocks are leading to the downside while defensive oriented utilities XLU +0.8% and consumer staples XLP +0.2% stocks outperform.Nasdaq 100 QQQ -1.3%, S&P 500 SPY -0.8%, DJIA DIA -0.6%.12:49TPC Tutor Perini enters into contract amendment involving San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Central Subway project (13.79 +0.01)The co reports that it has entered into a contract amendment involving the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Central Subway project that provides for the Company to receive $31.2 million in resolution of previously unpaid amounts for the delays that the project experienced as a result of unexpected site conditions and owner-directed changes in project design. The Company has received payment of $29.7 million, which is the agreed $31.2 million amount less contractual retention as provided for in the Central Subway project contract. This payment will be included in the Company's third quarter 2019 operating cash flow.Neither the amendment nor the payment will have an impact on the Company's third quarter earnings, in light of the amount of estimated collections related to these delays on the Central Subway project previously recorded by the Company in its contract assets. The Company is continuing to negotiate additional unresolved amounts on the Central Subway project and currently anticipates that these could be concluded by the fourth quarter of 2019, although the Company cannot predict the outcome of the ongoing discussions.The Central Subway project is not one of the five resolved matters on which the Company reported in its Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 10, 2019. The Company continues to expect the near-term collection of the remaining $24 million from the resolution of those other five matters, though some or all of the remaining amount may be received after the end of the third quarter.12:24SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Fresh Del Monte Produce (FDP) gains following index change announcement -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersFDP (35.39 +15.69%): Reaches a 52-week high after being designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective September 30; co will replace Cray (CRAY) in the index upon that company's acquisition by Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE).GOGO (6.47 +7.12%): The stock, which has pulled back in recent sessions after establishing a ten-month high last Wednesday, ticked off its lows yesterday leading into the close following favorable commentary out of William Blair.OSTK (11.89 +6.25%): Sees continued volatility after dropping by circa 25% yesterday and circa 43% over the past week. Co filed a Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock as part of the execution of co's previously announced dividend.Small Cap LosersUXIN (2.29 -17.92%): Continued weakness on above average volume following the release of co's Q2 earnings report yesterday. With today's fall, the stock moves to one-month lows.LXRX (2.9 -13.69%): Continued volatility; the stock continues to pull back following last week's +52% move higher. Biotech stocks trend generally lower.SNDL (5.95 -11.19%): The stock, which made its IPO at the beginning of August, moves to an all-time low amid widespread underperformance in the broader cannabis space. (Related: CTST, HEXO...)11:44BB BlackBerry shares decline 20% to multi-year lows after the company missed consensus on the top line and lowered its FY20 revenue outlook (6.00 -1.51)The company's second quarter total company non-GAAP revenue increased 22% yr/yr to $261 mln, arriving short of consensus estimates. GAAP revenue increased 16% yr/yr to $244 mln. The company now estimates that its FY20 total company non-GAAP revenue growth will land within a range of 23-25%. While this guidance is in-line with consensus, it represents a reduction at the mid-point from the company's outlook as issued during its first quarter report in June, when it expected total company non-GAAP revenue to grow between 23-27%.Today's move pulls the stock's year-to-date performance back into negative territory and brings the stock to levels not touched since 2015.11:41SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (71) outpacing new lows (27) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ACGL, ACRE, AEE, AEP, ALL, ATAX, ATO, AUDC, AXS, BLD, BZH, CACI, CDE, CELG, CIM, CIO, CMS, CNA, CPT, D, DLTR, DTE, DUK, ED, EIX, ENTG, ES, ETR, EVRG, FE, FND, FR, GPI, HALL, HELE, ICHR, IDA, JBL, JCI, KBH, KKR, KLAC, KSU, LEN, LHX, LNT, MAA, MDT, MDU, MHO, MPW, MTH, NEE, NFE, NTRA, NWE, OGE, OGS, OHI, PEG, PG, PHM, RE, RNR, SEDG, SO, SUI, TERP, THG, TYL, WMTStocks that traded to 52 week lows: BTU, CHWY, CLVS, EIGI, EZPW, FDX, FLDM, FTCH, FVRR, HCC, INVA, IRBT, KLXE, LVGO, LYFT, MYOV, NESR, PRQR, SNDL, SRPT, SSTI, TEUM, TPB, URGN, WMGI, WORK, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: CLCT, CWCO, LOOP, MGEE, OTTR, UEIC, WSBFThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CRNX, ELOX, FULC, KALV, MANUETFs that traded to 52 week highs: ITB, PALL, PFF, TAN, XLU11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.516% Bid-to-cover: 2.60 Indirect bid: 47.1% Direct bid: 20.4% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.337% Bid-to-cover: 2.56 Indirect bid: 47.0% Direct bid: 17.8%11:22MJ ETFMG Alternative Harvest ETF (-3%) falls to multi-year low as cannabis stocks continue to come under pressure (22.32 -0.67)IIPR -7.99% CTST -7.12% GTBIF -5.88% ACRGF -5.68% TRPX -5.47% CRON -5.51% TGODF -5.20% CWBHF -5.20% PYX -5.44% NTEC -5.00% CRLBF -4.70% VVCIF -4.57% GGBXF -4.24% ACB -3.77% CGC -3.83% IGC -3.57% TLRY -3.76% SPRWF -3.43% APHA -3.31% MMNFF -3.03% KERN -3.00% OGI -2.87% CURLF -2.74%The sector peaked as a sell the news response to recreational legalization in Canada played out one year ago. Since then, most cannabis stocks have failed to live up to elevated expectations created by lofty valuations. Most have struggled to turn a profit. More recently, a market rotation into value and out of growth as well as public push back regarding vaping have weighed on the sector.11:18SDC SmileDirectClub underperforming as shares fall as much as 9% to fresh post-IPO lows (16.43 -0.72)11:02LVGO Livongo Health leading software stocks lower as the froth continues to come out of growth stocks (20.00 -2.49)LVGO -11.16% PD -8.56% ROKU -6.15% LYFT -5.14% HCAT -4.97% CRWD -4.80% SCWX -4.86% TLRA -4.91% ESTC -3.65% SHOP -3.74% TTD -3.87% PS -3.75% UBER -3.64% SPOT -3.40% TWLO -3.31% TLND -3.28% ZUO -3.27% ETSY -3.12% DOCU -2.93% FVRR -3.22% OKTA -2.77% MDB -2.89% ASUR -2.67% PINS -2.56% DOMO -2.43% WIX -2.57%10:36URGN UroGen Pharma reports positive data from UGN-101 OLYMPUS Pivotal Trial in LG UTUC and UGN-102 Phase 2b OPTIMA II Trial in LG Bladder Cancer (31.80 -1.33)Results from a final analysis of the primary endpoint for pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS showed that investigational UGN-101 (mitomycin gel) for instillation demonstrated a 59 percent CR rate in patients with LG UTUC. Findings were consistent with previously presented results. The final analysis of the primary endpoint showed that in the OLYMPUS intent-to-treat population, 42 of the 71 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR. Forty-one patients entered follow-up, which is still ongoing. Durability of response was determined by Kaplan-Meier to be 89 percent at 6 months and 84 percent at 12 months after primary disease evaluation (PDE). The estimated median time-to-recurrence was 13.0 months. Thirty four of the 71 patients treated in the study were initially characterized by the treating physician as having endoscopically unresectable tumor at baseline. Twenty of 34 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR at the PDE assessment and 12-month durability was identical for this subgroup. The Company also presented interim results from the Phase 2b OPTIMA II trial of investigational UGN-102 (mitomycin gel) for intravesical instillation for patients with intermediate risk LG NMIBC, defined as those with one or two of the following criteria: multifocal disease, large tumors and rapid rates of recurrence. The single-arm, open label study trial recently completed enrollment of 62 patients at clinical sites across the U.S. and Israel. Patients are treated with six weekly instillations of UGN-102 and undergo assessment of CR (the primary endpoint) four to six weeks following the last instillation. In an interim cohort of 32 patients, 63 percent (20/32) achieved a CR. CR at PDE was 63% (20/32). In the interim data from OPTIMA II, the most common adverse events observed were dysuria, pollakiuria, fatigue, hematuria and urinary tract infection. The majority of these treatment-emergent adverse events were characterized as mild or moderate and transient.10:33SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence below expectations in AugustEconomic Data Summary:July FHFA Housing Price Index 0.4% (June was 0.2%)July S&P Case Schiller Home Price Index 2.0% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%; June was revised to 2.2% from 2.1% August Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs Briefing.com consensus of 134.0; July was 135.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -0.1%) August New Home Sales due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 659K; July was 635K)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be at 13:00 ET$40 bln in 2 year Treasury notes -- Tuesday$41 bln in 5 year Treasury notes -- Wednesday$32 bln in 7 year Treasury notes -- ThursdayOther International Events of Interest:China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.10:33TALKX Market Briefing: Disappointing data and tough talk from president curbs early buying interestAn early rally effort has lost some steam on the back of two headline catalysts:A weaker than expected Consumer Confidence report for September, which was compressed by rising angst over tariffs and trade tension and which included the softest reading for the Expectations Index since December 2018.President Trump taking a tough line in a UN speech on China's lack of compliance with WTO standards and reiterating that he is seeking a complete trade deal with China. The president has also sounded a tough stance on Iran.The pullback has been fairly orderly and most sectors are still showing modest gains, but the good trade vibes that reportedly helped boost the market at the open have been tempered.On a related note, the Treasury market has seen a pickup in buying interest after the confidence data and amid the president's speech, which is continuing at this time. the 10-yr note yield is down four basis points to 1.67%.The S&P 500 is up 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.2%; the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.1%; and the Russell 2000 is down 0.6%.10:31OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:FL Weekly Sep27 41 calls are seeing interest with 1880 contracts trading vs. open int of 230, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~43%. Co is presenting at a Wells Fargo conference tomorrow. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 22 before the open.Puts:CTSH Weekly Sep27 60.5 puts are seeing interest with 2430 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~26%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Stocks seeing volatility selling:AZO, NIO implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.03, VIX: (14.96, +0.05, +0.3%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:03ECONX September Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs 134.0 Briefing.com consensus09:57ACOR Acorda Therapeutics announces that the European Commission has granted Marketing Authorization for Inbrija 33 mg inhalation powder, hard capsules (3.58 0.00)The Marketing Authorization approves Inbrija for use in the 28 countries of the European Union, as well as Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. The Company had previously received a positive opinion recommending Inbrija's approval by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) on July 26, 2019.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Tech leads market to higher openThe stock market begins the day on a higher note, helped by strength in the technology stocks. The S&P 500 is up 0.4%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.5%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows ten of the 11 sectors trading higher, led by information technology (+0.8%) and consumer discretionary (+0.6%). Apple (AAPL 221.65, +2.97, +1.3%) provides solid leadership in the tech sector. The energy sector (-0.4%) is the lone holdout amid lower oil prices ($58.06/bbl, -$0.56, -1.0%).U.S. Treasuries have ticked higher, pushing yields slightly lower. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.66%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.69%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.56.09:37SCANX Earnings/guidance moversJBL +6.61% KMX +2.50% AZO +0.80% BGCP +0.72% RCM +0.65% WU +0.22%NIO -19.30% BB -18.64% NEOG -9.20% MANU -2.67% INFO -0.81%09:30HII Huntington Ingalls may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion (30.32 )09:28WIRES On The WiresANGI Homeservices (ANGI) announced a partnership for their brands HomeAdvisor and Handy with Nextdoor, the world's largest social network for the neighborhood. With this new partnership, homeowners on Nextdoor will now have the option to find and book one of HomeAdvisor and Handy's vetted local home service professionals when they are searching for local service recommendations. The feature will be available in all of Nextdoor's US neighborhoods.Minerva Neurosciences (NERV) and Catalent (CTLT) entered into a long-term commercial supply agreement for Roluperidone (MIN-101), an investigational compound under development by Minerva for the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Under the terms of the agreement, Catalent will manufacture and package the finished dose form of the drug at its facility in Schorndorf, Germany.Novartis AG's (NVS) Sandoz is voluntarily recalling all quantities and lots within expiry of Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules in the US to the consumer level because of confirmed contamination with N-Nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA) above levels established by the FDA in batches of Sandoz Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules. To date, Sandoz has not received any reports of adverse events related to use of the product as part of this recall.First Solar (FSLR) announced that it will supply more than 1.7 gigawatts (GW)DC of its high-performance Series 6 photovoltaic modules to utility-scale renewable energy developer Intersect Power as part of a multiyear supply agreement. Deliveries will commence in the fourth quarter of 2020 and will continue until the end of 2021.Harley-Davidson (HOG) is strengthening its efforts to build the next generation of riders. Harley-Davidson has sharpened its objectives through 2027 to better align with its expanded efforts to build committed riders. In the US, the company plans to expand to 4 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US through 2027. There were about 3 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US in 2017. This objective reflects the company's broader efforts to attract new riders and also retain riders each year. Outside the US, the company has sharpened its objective through 2027 and plans to grow international business to 50% of annual revenue.09:13WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +11.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +32.10.Wall Street is on pace to open higher as the S&P 500 futures trade 11 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.Apple (AAPL 220.73, +2.01, +1.0%) is up 1% in pre-market action after the stock was transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies. CarMax (KMX 90.30, +3.40, +3.9%) is up nicely after the company beat top and bottom-line estimates.In trade news, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without retaliatory tariffs. Soybeans are unlikely to take the market back to all-time highs, especially since being in the news repeatedly, but the development is encouraging to hear.Released earlier, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).09:02ECONX July FHFA Housing Index M/M +0.4%, Prior +0.2%09:02UROV Urovant Sciences announces 'positive' data from the Phase 3 trial of its investigational drug candidate vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder (10.10 )Highlights from the double-blind extension of the Phase 3 EMPOWUR study include:Vibegron further improved treatment benefit on key OAB symptoms (micturitions, UUI, urgency, and total incontinence) over the 40-week extension period.61% of patients on vibegron achieved at least a 75% reduction in their daily urge urinary incontinence episodes from baseline at week 52.41% of patients on vibegron became "dry," defined as having no urge urinary incontinence episodes at week 52.Vibegron demonstrated a favorable long-term safety and tolerability profile consistent with previous clinical experience.Urovant intends to file a New Drug Application (NDA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by early 2020.09:01ECONX July S&P Case Shiller Index +2.0% yr/yr vs +2.3% Briefing.com consensus09:01ENZ Enzo Biochem receives NY State approval for its AmpiProbe HBV viral load monitoring assay for Hepatitis B virus based on the Enzo assay's performance versus an FDA-approved comparator product (3.49 )08:59NEOG Neogen misses by $0.02, misses on revs (75.00 )Reports Q1 (Aug) earnings of $0.28 per share, $0.02 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.30; revenues rose 1.8% year/year to $101.42 mln vs the $105.16 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Our first quarter did not meet the overall performance expectations that we have for ourselves. Even considering the difficult international business climate created by the continuing strong U.S. dollar and the U.S. trade issues with China and elsewhere, we must work to produce better results," said John Adent, Neogen's president and chief executive officer. "We were, however, pleased with the continued strength of our genomics business, and we are continuing to build upon our core strengths to return to our historic growth rates, while also expanding our capabilities.08:56DNR Denbury Resources comments on impact of Tropical Storm Imelda (1.30 )The co announced that due to power outages and flooding associated with Tropical Storm Imelda, certain of the Company's producing fields around the Houston area (primarily Oyster Bayou and Conroe Fields), representing approximately 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOE/d), have experienced downtime since September 19, 2019. While no significant damage has been reported at any of the fields, the Company estimates that production in these fields could remain curtailed for several more days and expects that full production should be restored by September 28, 2019. Based on the best available information, the Company currently estimates that third quarter 2019 production will be negatively impacted by 400 to 800 BOE/d due to this storm.08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +9.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +28.60.The S&P 500 futures trade ten points, or 0.3%, above fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%Major European indices trade mixed. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.1% Germany's DAX: -0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.4% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.1% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.3%08:48GTS Triple-S Management announces market update on reserves from Hurricanes Irma and Mara; remains comfortable with level of reserves as of September 23 (15.08 )Two years after Hurricanes Irma and Mara, the company and its P&C subsidiary, Triple-S Propiedad Inc., remain comfortable with the subsidiary's reserves previously established as of June 30, 2019 for hurricane-related claims.In light of Hurricane Maria's second anniversary on September 20, the company is updating the market with respect to relevant claim numbers. Specifically, Triple-S Propiedad has paid $687.8 mln in claims related to Maria, resolving 96% of the 17,746 total claims received as of September 23, 2019. Total claims previously stood at 17,736 as of June 30, 2019. Of the 10 new claims received in the third quarter of 2019, only 3 have been received during the month of September. Of the 745 claims that remain open, the company is involved in litigation in a total of 230 cases, including 48 cases filed after June 30, 2019.08:47IIVI II-VI completes acquisition of Finisar (FNSR), not providing updated guidance for its first quarter at this time (36.98 )In the quarter end earnings call in early November, the company will provide more details to Finisar's contributions to the first quarter.08:39WIRES On The WiresBioLife Solutions, Inc. (BLFS), announced a co-investment accelerator program with Casdin Capital, targeting early stage companies that are developing novel cell and gene therapy bioproduction tools. BioLife and Casdin will each invest, subject to completion of certain closing conditions, $1.5 million in privately held Sexton Biotechnologies a recent spinout of Cook Regentec, in exchange for an 18% ownership stake for each of BioLife and Casdin. BioLife and Casdin Capital also each invested $1 million in the form of convertible debt in iVexSol, a private startup company based in Boston.Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation (ADPT) announced a partnership with Illumina (ILMN) to develop in-vitro diagnostic (IVD) test kits for Adaptive's current and future portfolio of next-generation sequencing (NGS)-based immunodiagnostics.Soliton (SOLY) announced that it has surpassed 75% of the required patients to be treated in its pivotal cellulite trial.Ocular Therapeutix (OCUL) announced that it has dosed the first patients in its Phase 3 clinical trial of DEXTENZA for the treatment of symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis (AC). AC refers to inflammation of the conjunctiva of the eye caused by an allergic reaction -- generally from airborne allergens -- that affects approximately 70 million people in the United States and results in itching and burning of the eyes.Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) announced the Company aims to serve over one billion annual active consumers and achieve over RMB10 trillion in annual gross merchandise volume ("GMV") through its China consumer business by the end of fiscal 2024.Fluidigm Corporation (FLDM) announced that it has launched seven new cadmium metal labeling kits for use with mass cytometry. The newly available cadmium isotopes comprise 106Cd, 110Cd, 111Cd, 112Cd, 113Cd, 114Cd and 116Cd. Developed to meet increasing demand for larger panels to interrogate the immunome, cancer and other complex diseases, these new metal labels will enable researchers to easily expand mass cytometry panels to advance translational and clinical research.08:32HSII Heidrick & Struggles acquires 2GET; terms not disclosed (27.82 )2GET is a premier executive search firm in Brazil and one of the largest search firms in the country.08:28WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.10.The S&P 500 futures trade 13 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.In central bank news, China said it will avoid a "massive stimulus" and is not planning on cutting interest rates, according to the Associated Press. The Bank of Japan said that while it has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates.The Fed's next policy meeting will be Oct. 29-30. Many Fed officials are expected to speak Wednesday-Friday this week.08:15OSTK Overstock.com files Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock (OSTKO) as part of the execution of the company's previously announced dividend (11.19 )This filing represents an initial step in the company's registration of the OSTKO dividend, and the company is engaged in active discussions with regulatory authorities to obtain approval of the registration.08:08JBL Jabil beats by $0.01, reports revs in-line; guides Q1 EPS in-line, revs in-line (31.33 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $0.88 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.87; revenues rose 13.9% year/year to $6.57 bln vs the $6.63 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for Q1, sees EPS of $0.82-1.04, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $0.93 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees Q1 revs of $6.65-7.35 bln vs. $7.01 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As part of a two-year capital allocation framework, Jabil's Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $600 mln in Company common stock.08:08SUMRX Gapping up/down: KMX +4% after earnings, WYNN +3% and DIS +1% after upgrades; BB -11%, INFO -1% and MANU -1% after earnings, CLVS -3% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:07WIRES On The WiresT2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO), announced that the T2Resistance Panel is the first diagnostic to graduate from CARB-X's portfolio. The graduation marks an important milestone on the path toward approval for use on patients in hospitals in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere around the globe.Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TAK) announced that the New England Journal of Medicine has published results of a Phase 2, randomised, 12-week, open-label study of TAK-620 (maribavir), an investigational, orally bioavailable antiviral compound being evaluated in patients with cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection after undergoing hematopoietic cell transplant or solid organ transplant. CMV is a beta herpes virus that, in patients with compromised immunity, including organ or stem cell transplant recipients, causes clinically challenging complications that can be fatal.Foundation Medicine, Inc. and Natera, Inc. (NTRA) announced a partnership to develop and commercialize personalized circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) monitoring assays, for use by biopharmaceutical and clinical customers who order FoundationOneCDx. The initial focus of the partnership will be to enable ctDNA monitoring in biopharmaceutical trials in 2020 to establish the clinical utility for these novel assays. Following these studies, a monitoring product will be made available to clinical customers. The agreement provides for approximately $13 million in upfront licensing fees and prepaid revenues payable to Natera, and up to approximately $32 million in minimum annual payments and payments tied to Natera's achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and commercial milestones.Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (AVDL) announced pharmacokinetic (PK) data for FT218 from four Phase 1 studies comparing 4.5g and 6g of once-nightly FT218 to 4.5g and 6g of twice-nightly sodium oxybate, evaluating the food effect of FT218, as well as determining the dose proportionality of FT218. The data will be included in an oral presentation by leading sleep expert, Dr. Michael Thorpy, Director of the Sleep-Wake Disorders Center at the Montefiore Medical Center, which is titled, "The Pharmacokinetics of once-nightly controlled-release sodium oxybate (FT218): Overview of results from four Phase 1 Studies," at the World Sleep 2019 Congress on Thursday, September 25th, in Vancouver, Canada.PJT Partners (PJT) and Nasdaq (NDAQ) announced an agreement to provide enhanced execution capabilities for general partner-sponsored secondary transactions built on world-class advisory services and industry-leading technology.08:06RCM R1 RCM announces CFO Christopher Ricaurte resignation and lowers FY 19 revs guidance (10.70 )Ricaurte's resignation is for personal reasons and is in no way related to R1's business performance, financial reporting, or controls, where the Company has built a best-in-class finance function. The Company will conduct a search process to identify a permanent CFO.Board of Directors has appointed Richard B. Evans, Jr., Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as interim Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately.The Company is raising its full year 2019 GAAP operating income guidance to $55 million to $70 million and adjusted EBITDA guidance to $165 million to $170 million.R1 expects 2019 revenue of between $1,175 million and $1,200 million vs $1.22 bln (previous guidance of $1.15-1.25 bln)08:05SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryRally PausesU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near their closing levels from yesterday. Treasury futures saw some selling after yesterday's cash close, but the weakness was not very pronounced. As a result, the market spent the overnight session in a narrow, sideways, range while equity markets in Asia and Europe also showed limited movement. Treasury futures approached their pre-market highs in recent trade with longer tenors showing some slight strength. Today's session will feature a $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.59. Yield Check: 2-yr: +1 bp to 1.68% 3-yr: +2 bps to 1.61% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.58% 10-yr: UNCH at 1.71% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.15%News: U.S. Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said that trade discussions with China's Vice Premier, Liu He, will take place during first full week of October. China reportedly granted new waivers allowing companies to purchase tariff-free soybeans from the U.S. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up. Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI decreased to 48.9 (expected 49.5) from 49.3 while flash Services PMI dipped to 52.8 from 53.3. July Leading Index ticked up to 93.7 (expected 93.6) from 93.6. South Korea's August PPI increased 0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%) but fell 0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%). The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index rose to 94.6 (expected 94.5) from 94.3. September Current Assessment increased to 98.5 (expected 97.0) from 97.4 while Business Expectations decreased to 90.8 (expected 91.8) from 91.3. U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing totaled GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders fell to -28 (expected -14) from -13. France's September Business Survey dipped to 102 from 103, as expected. Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.0% to $58.09/bbl Gold: -0.2% to $1527.80/ozt Copper: +0.2% to $2.617/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.1001 GBP/USD: +0.4% to 1.2476 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1043 USD/JPY: +0.1% to 107.66 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: July FHFA Housing Price Index (prior 0.2%) and July S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%; prior 2.1%) 10:00 ET: September Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 134.0; prior 135.1) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results08:03SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)08:03CBPO China Biologic Products' Board has formed a special committee to review and evaluate the previously announced preliminary non-binding 'going private' Sept 18 proposal (114.91 )08:02ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics receives FDA fast track designation to ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (5.93 )Aldeyra expects to initiate its adaptive Phase 3 GUARD Trial of ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (PVR) in the fourth quarter of 2019. The trial will compare recurrence rates of PVR-related retinal detachment across patients treated with ADX-2191 or standard of care following surgical repair of retinal detachment.08:02WU Western Union provides three-year financial targets, including an approx. 23% operating margin by 2022 and a low double-digit EPS CAGR through 2022, compared to 2019 adj. EPS (22.40 )Over 2020-2022, the company expects to generate more than $3 bln of operating cash flow and to return approx. $2.5-3 bln to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.The company also affirmed its full-year financial outlook for 2019, which was previously provided on August 1, 2019.08:02MDLA Medallia acquires Zingle for approximately $42 mln in cash (30.31 )"Zingle offers frictionless transactions in real-time. Customers can request products and services in-the-moment as they experience a trip, a stay or a purchase. Zingle is mobile enabled and accessible anywhere at any time. With Zingle and Medallia, our customers can transact and provide feedback across the entire customer journey, as it happens," said Leslie Stretch, President & CEO.07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 14 points, or 0.5%, above fair value in a relatively quiet pre-market session. Futures, like global stocks, haven't shown much conviction today, although some positive-sounding trade news has aided investor sentiment.Specifically, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without being subject to retaliatory tariffs, according to Bloomberg. In addition, some Chinese companies reportedly bought at least 20 cargoes on Monday.The encouraging news, coupled with an understanding that the U.S. economy remains resilient and monetary policy remains favorable, has presumably contributed to today's positive bias.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for July and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%) at 9:00 a.m. ET, followed by the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.68%, and the 10-yr yield is unchanged at 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.60. WTI crude is down 0.9%, or $0.54, to $58.10/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:CarMax (KMX 89.33, +2.43): +2.8% after beating top and bottom-line estimates.AutoZone (AZO 1148.61, +1.35): +0.1% after providing mixed results. AutoZone missed earnings estimates but beat revenue estimates.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Japan's Nikkei +0.1%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.2%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex UNCH South Korea's Kospi +0.5%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.1%.In economic data:Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6)South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)In news:Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect.China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. STOXX Europe 600 +0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 +0.3%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.2%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3)U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13)France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)In news:The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced.The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%.Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.07:51STNG Scorpio Tankers to establish 'at the market' offering program pursuant to which the Company may sell up to $100 mln of its common shares (28.08 )07:46STNG Scorpio Tankers to acquire subsidiaries of Trafigura Maritime Logistics for an aggregate value of $803 mln, announces $50 mln private placement at $29.00/share (28.08 )The acquisition of the leasehold interest in the Vessels includes a finance lease arrangement (see description below) with a financial institution under a bareboat contract arrangement. The aggregate value of the Vessels is $803 million, and after the assumption of the present value of the finance lease arrangement of approximately $668 million, the Company will issue approximately 4.7 million shares at $29.00 per share to Trafigura for an aggregate market value of approximately $135 million. The above-mentioned shares will be subject to a customary lock-up through December 31, 2019.The Company also announced today private placements with Trafigura for $35 million and Scorpio Services Holding Ltd., a related party, for $15 million for an aggregate of $50 million or 1,724,137 shares at $29.00 per share.07:31UNVR Univar Solutions prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share (21.86 )07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +0.1%, FTSE -0.1%, CAC +0.3%Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.3% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: +0.3% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.2% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.4%---FX---EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.0992 GBP/USD: +0.2% to 1.2457 USD/CHF: -0.1% to 0.989007:26S&P futures vs fair value: +14.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +43.80.07:16WIRES On The WiresRTI Surgical Holdings, Inc. (RTIX), announced the full commercial launch of the CervAlign Anterior Cervical Plate System to add to the growth of its Established Therapies spine portfolio.Moody's Corporation (MCO) announced that it has named Robert Fauber, currently President of Moody's Investors Service, to the new role of Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Moody's Corporation.Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNST) announced that the Company has dosed the first patient in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of CPI-0209.Provention Bio, Inc., (PRVB), reiterated its regulatory strategy regarding PRV-031 (teplizumab) for the prevention or delay of clinical type 1 diabetes (T1D) in individuals at-risk of developing the disease. Based on written communications from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and FDA's designation of PRV-031 as a breakthrough therapy, the Company believes that existing clinical and non-clinical data for PRV-031 will be sufficient to support a Biologics License Application (BLA) submission for PRV-031 in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the at-risk indication. The Company expects to meet with the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2019 to discuss this expedited development plan.The Ivy Brain Tumor Center at Barrow Neurological Institute, announced a new collaboration with QED Therapeutics, Inc., a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., (BBIO) to investigate the FGFR1-3 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, infigratinib, for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM). With the goal of addressing unmet medical needs for those affected by malignant brain cancer, this collaboration will focus on targeting FGFR (fibroblast growth factor receptor) genetic alterations that have been shown to spur growth in malignant tumors.07:04BB BlackBerry beats by $0.01, misses on revs; guides FY20 revs in-line (7.51 )Reports Q2 (Aug) net of breakeven, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of ($0.01); revenues rose 16.2% year/year to $244 mln vs the $267.91 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees FY20 revs of +23-25% yr/yr to $1.13-1.15 bln vs. $1.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Management ChangeWith its focus on long-term, sustainable growth, BlackBerry announces that Steve Capelli will move into the newly-created role of Chief Revenue Officer to drive revenue-generating and business development activities across the company. BlackBerry promotes Steve Rai from Deputy Chief Financial Officer to Chief Financial Officer. These changes take effect as of October 1, 2019.07:04SASR Sandy Spring Banc to acquire Revere Bank for $460.7 mln (35.33 )Under the terms of the agreement, Revere shareholders will receive 1.05 shares of Sandy Spring common stock for each share of Revere common stock. The transaction, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020, has a value of $460.7 million in the aggregate, based on Sandy Spring's closing price of $35.33 on September 23, 2019. Upon closing, Sandy Spring shareholders will own approximately 74% of the combined company and Revere shareholders will own approximately 26% of the combined company.07:01CSII Cardiovascular Systems announces FDA PMA approval of the new ViperWire Advance Coronary Guide Wire with Flex Tip (50.03 )07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +0.1%, Hang Seng +0.2%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%---FX---USD/JPY: +0.2% to 107.71 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1046 USD/INR: +0.3% to 70.9906:59SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:JAG +10.1%, FDP +9.4%, ZEAL +6%, GME +2.4%, LGF.A +2%, DIS +0.8%, MMSI +0.8%Gapping down:VSI -11.4%, NIO -8.5%, UNVR -3.3%, VER -2.7%, PDD -2.3%, PLMR -2%, BUD -1.1%, INFO -0.6%06:58WIRES On The WiresAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) and Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. announced that Alibaba Group has received a newly-issued 33% equity interest in Ant Financial following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the 2014 transaction agreements and the relevant amendments to those agreements.Dassault Systmes SE (DASTY) and Medidata Solutions, Inc. (MDSO) announced that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) will initiate an additional 45 calendar day examination for the proposed acquisition of Medidata by Dassault Systmes. The parties continue to target the fourth quarter of 2019 for the closing of the merger.Turning Point Brands, Inc. (TPB), announced that Thomas F. Helms, Jr. retires as the non-executive Chairman of the Board and director of the company after 31 years of service. There were no disagreements between Mr. Helms and TPB.New Age Beverages Corporation (NBEV) announced the approval by the Japanese Narcotics Control Division and the Japanese Ministry of Health for New Age's CBD products in Japan and the company's subsequent launch into the market effective immediately.McDermott International, Inc. (MDR) announced that it was awarded a sizeable front-end engineering design (FEED) contract by POSCO INTERNATIONAL Corporation for the Shwe Phase 3 gas field development, located offshore Myanmar. McDermott defines a sizeable contract as between USD $1 million and USD $50 million.06:58S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +39.10.06:58European MarketsFTSE...7317.99...-8.10...-0.10%. DAX...12344.17...+1.80...+0.00%.06:58Asian MarketsNikkei...22099...+19.80...+0.10%. Hang Seng...26281...+58.60...+0.20%.06:58AZO AutoZone misses by $0.84, beats on revs (1147.26 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $20.95 per share, $0.84 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $21.79; revenues rose 12.1% year/year to $3.99 bln vs the $3.93 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Domestic same store sales, or sales for stores open at least one year, increased 3.0% for the quarter. Same store sales are computed on a 16-week basis.06:56FLR Fluor announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share (20.70 )As a result of the strategic review, the company concluded that the divestitures of select businesses will simultaneously improve the financial stability of the company and allow the remaining businesses to refocus on engineering, construction and maintenance services in core markets. The company is initiating plans to sell its construction equipment rental company (AMECO) and its government business, and to monetize surplus real estate and non-core investments. Fluor anticipates these actions to generate in excess of $1 billion in aggregate proceeds. In addition, the company plans to reduce its quarterly dividend to $0.10 per share beginning with the next quarterly dividend declaration.The results of the operational review led to key leadership changes, the development of improved pursuit criteria and a new organizational structure. The company will shift to a model in which business groups have direct control over the functions that support operations. These actions are expected to improve the speed of decision making and drive greater accountability within the businesses. As a result of these and other changes, the company anticipates overhead reductions of $100 million.Consistent with the board's commitment to strong governance with focused oversight of risk, the board recently elected Thomas Leppert and David Constable as new board members. Leppert and Constable both bring significant capital project experience to the board. The board also formed a Commercial Strategies & Operational Risk committee that will be chaired by David Constable. The purpose of the committee is to provide guidance to management with respect to the company's commercial strategies and provide oversight of the company's project-related risk governance framework and risk appetite.The co also announced that Peter Fluor, the company's current lead independent director, will not stand for re-election at the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders. In connection with this announcement, Peter Fluor has also stepped down as the chairman of the organization and compensation committee.06:56KMX CarMax beats by $0.07, beats on revs; comps +3.2% (86.90 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $1.40 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.33; revenues rose 9.1% year/year to $5.2 bln vs the $5.06 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Total used vehicle unit sales increased 6.2%, including a 3.2% increase in comparable store used unit sales compared with the prior year's second quarter. The comparable store sales performance reflected strong conversion and solid growth in web traffic. Total wholesale vehicle unit sales increased 4.7% compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2019, largely driven by an increase in our appraisal buy rate, partially offset by lower appraisal traffic.06:32SWTX SpringWorks Therapeutics: European Commission grants orphan drug designation for nirogacestat for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma (27.82 )SpringWorks is currently enrolling patients in the Phase 3 DeFi trial of nirogacestat for the treatment of adult patients with progressing desmoid tumors, which are a type of soft-tissue tumors that are often treated by sarcoma specialists. Desmoid tumors are rare and often debilitating and disfiguring, and can aggressively invade surrounding healthy tissues and cause significant morbidities, including severe pain, internal bleeding, incapacitating loss of range of motion, and, in rare cases, death.It is estimated that 1,000 to 1,500 new desmoid tumor patients are diagnosed each year in the United States.06:19KMPR Kemper announces that Anastasios Omiridis has joined the company as deputy CFO and principal accounting officer reporting to Kemper CFO James McKinney (157.71 )Previously, Omiridis served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Chubb Life, a segment of Chubb (CB).06:13NIO NIO misses by RMB 1.24, beats on revs; guides Q3 revs below two analyst estimate; implements comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures, cancels conference call (2.72 )Reports Q2 (Jun) loss of RMB 3.11 per share, excluding non-recurring items, RMB 1.24 worse than the single analyst estimate of (RMB 1.87); revenues rose 3180.2% year/year to RMB 1.51 bln vs the RMB 1.21 bln two analyst estimate.Deliveries of the ES8 were 3,140 in the second quarter of 2019, compared with 3,989 vehicles delivered in the first quarter of 2019. Deliveries of the ES6 reached 413 in the second quarter of 2019."In response to the overall tempered market conditions, we are also working hard to maximize returns on our resources and have implemented comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures across the organization. These measures aim to further improve efficiency and streamline operations within our sales and service network and R&D activities. We target to reduce our global headcount to be around 7,800 by the end of the third quarter from over 9,900 in January 2019, and aim to further pursue a leaner operation through additional restructuring and spinning off some non-core businesses by year end" Balance of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investment was RMB3,455.6 million (US$503.4 million) as of June 30, 2019.Co issues downside guidance for Q3, sees Q3 revs of RMB 1.59-1.66 bln vs. RMB 4.3 bln two analyst estimate; sees deliveries between 4,200 and 4,400 units, representing an increase of approximately 18.2% to 23.8% from the second quarter of 2019The co also announced that it will not hold its previously scheduled second quarter 2019 earnings conference call at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time today, Tuesday, September 24, 2019 (8:00 p.m. Beijing Time on September 24, 2019).06:13WIRES On The WiresCabot (CBT) announced the grand opening of its newest fumed silica manufacturing facility, located in Wuhai, Inner Mongolia, China. The state-of-the-art manufacturing site adds approximately 8,000 metric tons of annual fumed silica capacity to Cabot's global network and will serve the rapidly growing fumed silica market in China. With the opening of this facility, Cabot builds on its leadership position and becomes the largest provider of fumed silica in the Chinese market.NI (NATI) announced the S.E.A. C-V2X Open Loop Test System, leveraging 5G wireless cellular technology to provide high bandwidth and low latency communication for Vehicle-to-Vehicle and Vehicle-to-Infrastructure communications.06:11VER VEREIT upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $779 mln (9.73 )06:04INFO IHS Markit beats by $0.04, misses on revs; reaffirms FY19 EPS guidance, lowers FY19 revs below consensus (66.92 )Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.67 per share, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.63; revenues rose 11.1% year/year to $1.11 bln vs the $1.12 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co lowers guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $2.52-2.57 vs. $2.57 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $4.40-4.42 bln vs. $4.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus, and down from prior guidance of $4.43-4.50 bln.06:01TOT Total S.A. Board of Directors decides to accelerate dividend growth with a guidance of increasing the dividend by 5 to 6% per year (53.67 )Co reviewed the outlook for the Group through 2025. Total is demonstrating its ability to maintain a sustainable pre-dividend breakeven below 30 $/b and a solid financial position with a gearing objective below 20%. The Group also reaffirms its strong discipline on investment and cost.Delivering on its strategy for sustainable and profitable growth in oil and gas activities as well as investing in growing energy markets, notably LNG and low-carbon electricity, provide stronger visibility on the future of the Group.06:01BUD Anheuser-Busch InBev prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share (96.34 )The Company has also partially exercised an offer size adjustment option, issuing an additional 189,354,000 shares for a total of 1,451,704,000 shares to cover market demand. The initial public offering is also subject to an over-allotment option of up to 217,755,000 additional shares at the same offer price. Subject to customary closing conditions, the shares are expected to begin trading on 30 September 2019 on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited under the stock code 1876.06:00ZEAL Zealand Pharma announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes (25.52 )The primary result demonstrated that the median time to blood glucose recovery was 10 minutes for dasiglucagon, which was superior to placebo (median: 30 min; p<0.001). The median time to recovery for GlucaGen was 10 minutes. Overall, no safety concerns were raised for dasiglucagon within the trial. Nausea and vomiting were reported with dasiglucagon in both age groups (6-11 years; nausea: 25% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 92% and vomiting: 67%). For GlucaGen (6-11 years; nausea: 50% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 17% and vomiting: 0%).06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets trade modestly higher overnightThe global equity markets outside of the US are off to a modestly higher start to the day, while the US has seen a sharp rebound that has gotten the S&P Futures back above the 3000 mark. It's unclear what the driving force is but there was a small positive in trade tensions after China's central government announced it would allow companies to purchase soybeans from the US tariff free. Spoos are trading about nine points higher to 3006 with a high of 3012.25 and a low of 3007.75.In Asia, both China and Japan closed up marginally. The small concession made by the Chinese government surrounding soybean purchases may have helped buoy the Shanghai. Japanese traders returned to their trading desks following a holiday weekend only to witness a lackluster day with the Nikkei closing up 0.1%. The yen was slightly lower against the dollar, lending mild support to equities.In Europe, the major bourses are mixed. The overall net changes are small and markets have been in a relatively tight trading range. After dismal PMI readings on Monday, Germany saw a relief with a slightly better than expected business confidence survey. The September IFO came in at 94.6, a tick higher than the expectation of 94.5 and up from 94.3 in August.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: +13.010 yr Note: 1.72%USD/JPY: 107.77 +0.23EUR/USD: 1.0998 +0.0005Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX +0.2% CAC +0.3%Asia: Hang Seng +0.2% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +0.1%Gold (1528.20 -3.30) Silver (18.67 -0.05) Crude (58.05 -0.59)17:23RILY B. Riley Financial files for $250 mln mixed securities shelf offering (25.10 +0.16)17:07HWC Hancock Whitney approved an increase and extension of its previously announced common stock buyback program (38.58 +0.16)The original authorization, approved in May 2018 for up to 5% of shares outstanding, or approximately 4.3 million shares, was set to expire December 31, 2019. Today's action increases the authorization to 5.5 million shares (which equates to approximately $212 million based on today's closing price) with a new expiration date of December 31, 2020.17:06VSI Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group (7.22 0.00)As previously disclosed on September 9, 2019, the co received an acquisition proposal to acquire the Company from a third party (the "Bidder") during the "go-shop" period contemplated by the terms of the previously announced merger agreement by and among the Company, Franchise Group and Valor Acquisition. On September 23, 2019, in light of the failure of the Bidder to obtain committed financing, the co determined to cease negotiations with the Bidder as of such date. Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has changed its recommendation in favor of the Company's pending merger with Franchise Group and each expressly reaffirms its recommendation in favor of the pending merger with Franchise Group.17:03UNVR Univar Solutions announces sale of 11,594,268 shares of common stock by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (21.86 -0.14)Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities propose initially to offer the shares of common stock to the public at a fixed price. After the offering, the public offering price or any other term of the offering may be changed. CD&R will receive all of the net proceeds from this offering representing the conclusion of a 9-year investment in Univar Solutions.17:02NKTR Nektar Therapeutics announces acceptance of abstract for presentation at the 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference (19.93 -0.23)New data from a cohort of patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer who were enrolled in the PIVOT-02 study will be presented at the upcoming 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference, which is being held from September 25-28 at the Espace Grand Arche de la Defense in Paris. The PIVOT-02 study is evaluating bempegaldesleukin (bempeg, NKTR-214) in combination with nivolumab in a range of advanced and/or metastatic solid tumor settings.16:56PDD Pinduoduo announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024 (33.82 -0.26)The company plans to use proceeds to enhance and expand its business operations, for research and development, to continue to invest in and develop its technology infrastructure, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.16:52BANC Banc of California entered into Memorandum of Understanding to settle litigation (14.23 -0.11)On September 16, 2019, co entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the lead plaintiff to settle class action lawsuits that were previously consolidated in the United District Court for the Central District of California. Under the terms of the MOU, the co's insurance carriers would pay $19.75 million, which would be distributed to shareholders who purchased stock between April 15, 2016 and January 20, 2017, after payment of attorney's fees and costs. The co would not be required to contribute any cash to the settlement payments. Pursuant to the settlement, the action against the company would be dismissed with prejudice. Plaintiff would also dismiss its claims against the former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Steven Sugarman. While the co does not believe the plaintiff's claims are meritorious, the Company believes that ending the costs and distraction of the litigation is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.16:39EXPR Express promotes COO Matthew Moellering to President and COO (2.74 +0.02)16:23WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 finished flat on Monday in a mixed, and tight-ranged, session. Disappointing flash manufacturing PMI readings out of the eurozone kept many buyers sidelined, but encouraging manufacturing activity in the U.S. helped abate early selling pressure. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.1%), and Russell 2000 (-0.1%) finished little changed.The session began on a lower note, largely in response to those weaker-than-expected PMI readings overseas. Most notably, Germany's flash PMI for September fell deeper into contraction territory to its lowest reading (41.4) since 2009. The good news was that the Markit's flash manufacturing PMI reading for the U.S. increased to 51.1 from 50.3, reflecting the continued resiliency of the U.S. economy.The S&P 500 was down just 0.3% at its session low and crossed into positive territory as soon as European markets closed for trading at 11:30 a.m. ET. The broader market maintained this positive disposition throughout the afternoon but faded into the close.Most S&P 500 sectors finished within 0.3% of their unchanged marks. The consumer staples sector (+0.4%) outperformed the broader market, while the health care (-0.6%) and communication services (-0.4%) sectors underperformed.Apple (AAPL 218.72, +0.99, +0.5%) and most stocks within the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+1.0%) showed relative strength throughout the day. The semiconductor space bounced back from Friday's decline following reports indicating that officials from the U.S. and China described last week's trade talks as "productive" and "constructive," respectively.In corporate news, American Express (AXP 118.25, +1.45, +1.2%) announced a 120 million share repurchase program and increased its quarterly dividend 10%. Lululemon athletica (LULU 195.18, +5.88, +3.1) rose 3% after the stock was initiated with an Overweight rating at Piper Jaffray.The U.S. Treasury market reflected some lingering growth concerns as increased demand pushed yields lower. The 2-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.67%, and the 10-yr yield declined six basis points to 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.1% to 98.62. WTI crude rose 1.0%, or $0.60, to $58.64/bbl.Investors did not receive any notable economic data on Monday. Looking ahead, investors will receive the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +12.3% YTDS&P 500 +19.3% YTDRussell 2000 +15.6% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.5% YTD16:22VER VEREIT announces public offering of 71.0 mln shares of common stock (9.73 -0.07)The company intends to use proceeds to pay amounts owed in connection with the settlement of certain litigation and for general corporate purposes.16:20MTDR Matador Resources announces receipt of six Bureau of Land Management drilling permits in western Antelope Ridge asset area (17.31 +0.28)The company had anticipated receipt of these permits late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2019. Matador is also pleased to announce that it has initiated drilling operations on these wells, which Matador will refer to as the "Rodney Robinson" wells.The 1,200 gross and net acre Rodney Robinson tract is one of the key tracts Matador acquired in the BLM New Mexico Oil and Gas Lease Sale in September 2018. Matador anticipates drilling these first six wells, all two-mile laterals, from two separate three-well pads. These wells are currently scheduled to be completed and turned to sales late in the first quarter of 2020. Pending approval and receipt of additional drilling permits from the BLM, Matador also believes it is on track to begin operations in early 2020 on its Stateline asset area, including 2,800 gross and net acres acquired as part of the BLM Acquisition, in which case Matador intends to move two of its operated drilling rigs to the Stateline asset area to initiate a multi-year drilling program there.16:20RIG Transocean relinquishes interests in Samsung Heavy drillships under construction (5.83 +0.01)Upon relinquishment of the Drillships, Transocean's indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries will not make further payments to SHI under the construction contracts. The total estimated future costs associated with the delivery and placing the Drillships into service would have been approximately $1.1 billion, which includes future payments to SHI under the construction contracts and costs related to spares, materials and supplies, and to the commissioning and mobilization of the rigs. The construction contracts are not guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. or any of its affiliates.16:19CDMO Avid Bioservices' Board voted to accelerate the expiration of the Stockholder Rights Plan (poison pill) (5.77 -0.19)The action of the Board of Directors accelerated the expiration date of the Company's current Stockholder Rights Plan to September 23, 2019. The rights plan had been originally due to expire on March 16, 2021. In taking this action, the Board reserved the right to take any future action that it determines in the exercise of its fiduciary duties to be necessary or advisable in order to protect the interests of stockholders.16:17IBP Installed Building Products acquires Northeast Spray Insulation and Minnesota Spray-Foam Insulation; terms not disclosed (59.22 -0.12)Northeast provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services, as well as thermal barrier services for residential single- and multi-family customers throughout Maine and New Hampshire. Founded in 2001, Northeast has annual revenue of approx. $3.6 mln. MSI provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services to residential customers throughout Minnesota. Founded in 2001, MSI has annual revenue of approx. $1.6 mln.16:17POWL Powell Inds CEO Brett Cope to assume role of Chairman after Thomas Powell elected to step down as Chairman (38.95 -0.26)In recognition of Mr. Powell's longstanding service and contributions, the Board designated Mr. Powell as Chairman Emeritus of the Board. Mr. Powell intends to continue actively serving as a director on the Board. The Company also announced today that, in connection with Mr. Powell's transition to Chairman Emeritus, the Board elected Brett A. Cope as its new Chairman of the Board as of September 16, 2019.16:11BGCP BGC Partners confirms it is "comfortable" with the mid-point of Q3 range of its previously stated outlook for revenues and pre-tax adjusted earnings (5.59 +0.09)Prior Q3 Guidance: adj earnings of $80-95 mln, revs $490-530 mln (vs $510 mln consensus)16:07PLMR Palomar Holdings launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders (38.01 +0.07)Selling stockholders include affiliates of of Genstar Capital and certain directors and officers of the company. The selling stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from the offering.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 24, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:01 ETBriefing.comSeptember 24, 2019 Tuesday 4:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 16242 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 24-Sep-19 16:01 ET15:45QQQ Technology stocks trounced as the Nasdaq 100 (QQQ -1.6%) breaks below its 50-day moving average (187.49 -3.01)LYFT -7.77% TSLA -7.59% SHOP -6.30% TTD -6.01% UBER -5.53% TWTR -5.03% BIDU -4.76% NFLX -4.60% WDAY -4.42% ROKU -4.26% AMD -4.11% TWLO -3.97% NOW -3.56% BABA -3.17% FB -3.19% AMZN -2.78% MU -2.50% INTC -2.34% ADBE -2.22%15:31SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Pinduoduo (PDD) pulls back on convertible notes offering -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersWYNN (110.65 +2.35%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and price target raised to $155 at Goldman, citing stabilizing gross gaming revenue and economic stimulus in Macau, among other factors.CAG (29.51 +2.11%): Consumer staples stocks show moderate relative strength. Co will report its fiscal Q1 results before the open this Thursday, September 26. (Related: CL, HSY...)NSC (183.06 +1.98%): Railroad stocks exhibited relative strength during the session. In recent company-specific press, co appointed Claude Mongeau, a former president and CEO of Canadian National Railway (CNI), to its board of directors. Touched up to new one-month highs.Large Cap LosersTSLA (223.97 -7.15%): Certain court documents regarding co's 2016 acquisition of SolarCity have been newly unsealed. In updates for the electric vehicle space, China-based NIO (NIO) today sinks to all-time lows following its Q2 earnings report.MTCH (72.61 -7.1%): Stocks throughout the software sector and other high-growth names generally see weakness. (Related: LYFT, SHOP...)PDD (31.43 -7.08%): Announced a proposed offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024. At multi-week lows.15:27SUMRX Earnings out this afternoon/tomorrow morningThis afternoon: CTAS CMTL NKE SNX Tomorrow morning: DAVA WOR15:13BONDX Treasury Market SummaryRebound AcceleratesU.S. Treasuries rallied on Tuesday, making for the seventh consecutive day of gains in the 10-yr note. The cash session got off to a quiet start after an uneventful overnight affair, but it wasn't long before Treasuries made a run at their highs from Monday. The New York Fed conducted two more repurchase operations today, and both were oversubscribed. The day started with a 14-day term repurchase operation, which saw total bids of $62 bln, well above the accepted amount of $30 bln. A bit later, the NY Fed conducted a one-day repurchase operation, accepting total bids of $75.00 bln, which was $5.20 bln below the total submitted amount. Treasuries approached yesterday's highs during the first hour of the session, rallying to fresh highs after the Consumer Confidence Index for September (actual 125.1; Briefing.com consensus 134.0) disappointed with the Expectations Index (95.8 from 106.4) falling to its lowest level since December. Soft economic data helped Treasuries continue their rally into the afternoon while a report that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi will formally launch an inquiry into impeaching President Trump provided added support. Treasuries briefly backed down from their highs after President Trump tweeted that he will release a full unredacted transcript of his conversation with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky, but they climbed to fresh high during the last few minutes of the session. Today's $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction was met with strong demand. The high yield (1.612%) stopped through the when-issued yield by a basis point while the bid-to-cover ratio (2.64x) was comfortably above average (2.56x). The U.S. Dollar Index slipped 0.3% to 98.32. Yield Check: 2-yr: -6 bps to 1.61% 3-yr: -7 bps to 1.52% 5-yr: -7 bps to 1.51% 10-yr: -7 bps to 1.64% 30-yr: -6 bps to 2.10%News: House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi, is expected to speak at 17:00 ET after discussing impeachment of President Trump with her caucus. President Trump announced that he will release the unredacted transcript of his call with Ukraine's President Zelensky. U.S. Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said that trade discussions with China's Vice Premier, Liu He, will take place during first full week of October. China reportedly granted new waivers allowing companies to purchase tariff-free soybeans from the U.S. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up. Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI decreased to 48.9 (expected 49.5) from 49.3 while flash Services PMI dipped to 52.8 from 53.3. July Leading Index ticked up to 93.7 (expected 93.6) from 93.6. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index rose to 94.6 (expected 94.5) from 94.3. September Current Assessment increased to 98.5 (expected 97.0) from 97.4 while Business Expectations decreased to 90.8 (expected 91.8) from 91.3. France's September Business Survey dipped to 102 from 103, as expected. $40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.612% (2.337%) Bid-to-cover: 2.64 (2.56) Indirect bid: 57.0% (47.0%) Direct bid: 15.9% (17.8%) Today's Data: The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August. The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects. The FHFA Housing Price Index increased 0.4% in July after increasing 0.2% in June. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index increased 2.0% yr/yr in July (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%) after increasing a revised 2.2% (from 2.1%) in June. Commodities: WTI crude: -2.3% to $57.32/bbl Gold: +0.6% to $1540.40/ozt Copper: -0.2% to $2.606/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.1019 GBP/USD: +0.5% to 1.2492 USD/CNH: UNCH at 7.1060 USD/JPY: -0.4% to 107.05 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior -0.1%) 10:00 ET: August New Home Sales (Briefing.com consensus 659,000; prior 635,000) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +1.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $41 bln 5-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 8:00 ET: Chicago Fed President (FOMC voter) Charles Evans 10:00 ET: Governor (FOMC voter) Lael Brainard and Kansas City Fed President (FOMC voter) Esther George14:51SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- NIO (NIO) stoops following second quarter results -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersMYGN (30.56 +9.93%): The stock finds upward momentum on higher than average volume after a soft start to today's session that saw the stock slump by as much as 4%; it now posts one-month highs.JBL (32.78 +4.63%): Posted upside Q4 EPS and in-line revs (+13.9% yr/yr to $6.57 bln). Diversified Manufacturing Services revs grew +2% yr/yr while Electronics Manufacturing Services increased +23% yr/yr, driven by the 5G, cloud, energy, and automotive end markets. Guided Q1 EPS and revs in-line with consensus. Authorized a $600 mln common stock repurchase program. Posts multi-year highs.MGEE (79.02 +4.19%): Utilities sector outperforms relatively. Spikes to all-time highs. (Related: PCG, AWK...)Mid Cap LosersNIO (2.07 -23.9%): Missed estimates for Q2 EPS on upside revs. Vehicle sales revs decreased 7.9% sequentially to RMB1,414.5 mln, driven largely by a decrease in sales volume caused by the EV subsidy reduction announced in March and by general slowdown in Chinese macro-economic conditions. Cost of sales increased +8.8% sequentially to RMB2,012.8 mln, largely due to accrued recall costs; vehicle margin was -24.1% vs -7.2% in Q1. R&D expenses increased +20.6% sequentially (+70.0% yr/yr) to RMB1,300.5 mln; SG&A expenses increased +7.7% sequentially (+48.6% yr/yr) to RMB1,421.4 mln. For Q3, co expects vehicle deliveries to increase +18.2-23.8% sequentially, and it expects revs to grow +5.6-10.3% sequentially, downside consensus. Canceled its Q2 earnings call. At all-time lows. BB (5.95 -20.77%): Topped consensus for Q2 EPS while missing on revs (+22% yr/yr to $261 mln). Total IoT revenue declined 5% yr/yr. Non-GAAP revs for recently-acquired Cylance were $51 mln, about flat sequentially. Lowered the top end of its FY20 revs guidance range. Promoted Steve Rai from Deputy CFO to CFO, effective October 1. Downgraded at Scotiabank. At multi-year lows. NEOG (67.02 -10.64%): Reported below consensus Q1 EPS and revs; co, though it is "pleased" with strength in its genomics business, commented on the overall shortfall of its quarterly performance relative to its expectations, saying, "Even considering the difficult international business climate [...] we must work to produce better results," including amid ongoing adverse currency environments.14:31COMDX Energy Settlement PricesOct Crude Oil futures fell $1.30 (-2.22%) to $57.24/barrel Oct Natural Gas $0.01 lower (-0.4%) at $2.52/MMBtu Oct RBOB Gasoline settled $0.03 lower (-1.5%) at $1.6524/gallon Oct Heating oil futures settled $0.03 lower (-1.51%) at $1.96/gallon14:21TALKX Market Briefing: Whipsawed by political wranglingThe stock market touched a fresh session low in recent trade, but that dip was followed by a 20-point surge in the S&P 500, which took place immediately after President Trump tweeted that he will release a full unredacted transcript of his conversation with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky. That conversation had become the rallying point around growing calls for the president's impeachment, but the recent tweet suggests that President Trump believes that the transcript will not show anything illegal.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is scheduled to make a statement at 17:00 ET.13:54WE We Company's Board confirms co-founder Adam Neumann's decision to step back from his role as CEO; names CFO & vice chairman as co-CEOsWeWork's Artie Minson, formerly co-president and chief financial officer, and Sebastian Gunningham, formerly vice chairman, have been named co-CEOs of the company. These changes are effective immediately.13:38MYGN Myriad Genetics shares shrug off early weakness, jump 5% to one-month highs (29.10 +1.30)13:38COMDX Metals Settlement PricesDec gold settled today's session up $9.30 (0.61%) at $1540.7/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.07 lower (0.37%) at $18.62/oz Dec copper settled $0.01 lower (0.38%) at $2.6/lb13:27OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:SAN Dec 4 calls (volume: 20.5K, open int: 1.1K, implied vol: ~30%, prev day implied vol: 10%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.FL Weekly Sep27 41 calls (volume: 1930, open int: 230, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is presenting at a Wells Fargo conference tomorrow. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 22 before the open.CSCO Nov 52.5 calls (volume: 3390, open int: 12.1K, implied vol: ~26%, prev day implied vol: 25%). Co is scheduled to present on September 22 and 23. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 13 after the close.Bearish Put Activity:CRON Sep 10 puts are seeing interest with the underlying stock and sector showing weakness (volume: 2820, open int: 780, implied vol: ~75%, prev day implied vol: 59%). Co is expected to report earnings mid-November.CTSH Weekly Sep27 60.5 puts (volume: 4980, open int: 0, implied vol: ~29%, prev day implied vol: 23%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.15, VIX: (16.89, +1.98, +13.2%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:23TALKX Market Briefing: Playing (and trading) politicsA positive start for the stock market has been upended by political undertones that have impacted market sentiment by raising the level of uncertainty on the (geo)political and trade fronts.Several headlines have attracted added attention and have been cited as an excuse for today's selling:The speech President Trump gave today before the UN General Assembly was tough-sounding with respect to China not adopting reforms expected of it after being admitted to the WTO; furthermore, the president repeated that he won't accept a bad trade deal and wants a complete trade deal with China.President Trump warned leaders at the General Assembly that they should not subsidize Iran's "blood lust" and repeated that hard-hitting economic sanctions will remain on Iran until Iran changes its ways.Politico carried an article that indicated Senator Elizabeth Warren has pulled ahead of former Vice President Biden in New Hampshire polling. The stock market is reportedly worried that business-friendly deregulation and tax-friendly policies would be rolled back in the event Senator Warren ultimately became president. [Briefing note: There is a lot of time still in front of the 2020 presidential election, so we are merely highlighting a psychological factor that can help explain why the market sees such a headline as a negative.]There is speculation swirling that House Speaker Pelosi is considering allowing impeachment proceedings in the House against President Trump in relation to reports that he allegedly violated his oath of office when he allegedly withheld military aid to Ukraine as leverage for a request to have Ukraine investigate the business dealings in the Ukraine of former Vice President Biden's son, Hunter Biden.There has been a broad-based retreat, with cyclical sectors bearing the brunt of the selling pressure. The utilities (+0.7%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are exhibiting relative strength in a defensive-oriented trade. In turn, the Treasury market has attracted an added safe-haven bid amid the stock market pullback. The 10-yr note yield is down six basis points to 1.65%.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.7%; the S&P 500 is down 1.0%; the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.6%; and the Russell 2000 is down 1.9%. All are at their lows for the session.13:04BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.612% (When-Issued: 1.622%) Bid-to-cover: 2.64Indirect bid: 57.0% Direct bid: 15.9% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.337% Bid-to-cover: 2.56 Indirect bid: 47.0% Direct bid: 17.8%13:03SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Industrials: GE (23.26 mln -3.75%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (96.12 mln -22.81%), ROKU (24.77 mln -4.57%), F (14.22 mln -0.87%), AABA (13.78 mln -72.32%)Information Technology: AMD (43.19 mln -3.63%), BB (25.35 mln -22.37%), AAPL (15.95 mln -0.42%), NOK (15.4 mln -1.45%), SQ (13.63 mln -1.14%), CSCO (13.21 mln -0.24%)Financials: BAC (31.19 mln -2.27%), QQQ (18.26 mln -1.45%), TQQQ (14.45 mln -4.44%)Energy: MDR (31.57 mln -7.45%), CHK (29.99 mln -5.92%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (15.89 mln -1.29%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: URGN (4.33x -3.49%), AKCA (2.81x -6.18%), MDSO (2.16x -0.19%)Industrials: LXFR (2.64x -1.09%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (5.92x -22.81%), KMX (3.07x -2.52%), PLYA (2.79x -0.38%), UXIN (2.15x -18.28%)Information Technology: BB (7.2x -22.37%), ICHR (3.55x +1.74%), JBL (2.91x +4.02%)Financials: IGD (5.52x -5.42%), UCFC (3.72x -0.19%), ECC (2.34x -3.17%), FRBK (2.22x -5.1%)Consumer Staples: FDP (6.31x +16.1%), NBEV (6.25x +14.54%), PSMT (3.33x +0.23%)13:01SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: GTS (15.62 +3.6%), PODD (163.98 +3.46%)Materials: PVG (12.97 +4.26%), HMY (3.44 +4.24%), SBGL (5.6 +3.9%), MAG (12.42 +3.41%)Consumer Discretionary: MIK (9.78 +7.59%), OSTK (11.71 +4.65%), NLS (1.4 +3.7%), WYNN (111.51 +3.14%), FND (51.04 +3.11%)Information Technology: JBL (32.59 +4.02%)Financials: SQQQ (33.3 +4.43%), UVE (29.61 +3.53%)Energy: JAG (7.97 +3.37%)Consumer Staples: FDP (35.52 +16.1%), NBEV (3.19 +14.54%)Utilities: PCG (11.9 +3.12%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: LXRX (2.96 -11.9%), NEOG (66.75 -11%), ACOR (3.23 -9.92%), RCM (9.67 -9.67%), PACB (5.1 -9.25%)Materials: CC (14.7 -9.48%)Consumer Discretionary: AABA (19.6 -72.32%), NIO (2.1 -22.81%), UXIN (2.28 -18.28%)Information Technology: BB (5.83 -22.37%), JKS (18.91 -9.61%)Financials: VIRT (17.43 -9.45%)Energy: SPN (0.2 -36.24%), ESV (6.03 -10.13%), NE (1.7 -10.05%), CRK (8.19 -10%), ROAN (1.49 -9.15%), MMLP (4.35 -9%), TUSK (2.71 -8.75%)12:59WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks sliding following data, Trump UN speech, impeachment rumorsTechnology and energy stocks are leading the marker lower following a decline in consumer confidence, President Trump's UN speech, and some politically-minded speculation. The S&P 500, which was up as much as 0.5% today, is now down 1.0%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.7%) and Nasdaq Composite (-1.5%) have also given up gains and trade near session lows.Early gains in tech stocks had led the market to that higher open. Some attributed this to China buying more U.S. soybeans and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin confirming trade talks in two weeks. Sentiment has been delicate, though, and quickly turned after the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August.Stocks steadily retreated as President Trump remained tough on China at the UN General Assembly, with selling interest accelerating in recent action amid reports that Democrats may announce impeachment details later today. Those outperforming technology companies are now among today's laggards with energy stocks extending losses.Mega-cap technology stocks within the S&P 500 consumer discretionary (-1.1%) and communication services (-1.1%) sectors weigh on the market, while weakness in the semiconductor stocks drag on the information technology sector (-1.0%). The energy sector (-1.7%) is today's outright laggard as oil prices ($57.60, -$1.04, -1.8%) decline amid growth concerns.In turn, investors are assuming some defensive positioning in U.S. Treasuries and stocks within the S&P 500 utilities (+0.7%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors.The increased demand for Treasuries has extended the recent slide in yields. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.63%, and the 10-yr yield is down six basis points to 1.65%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.2% to 98.37.Netflix (NFLX 255.25, -10.63, -4.0%), which is now negative for the year, is down another 4% today. Pivotal Research Group cut its NFLX price target to $350 from $515, citing several reasons including higher content costs and competition.Reviewing today's economic data, which included the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.The FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June.The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).12:54SPY The recent leg lower in the stock market has been attributed to increased chances of impeachment proceedings coming from Democrats (295.40 -2.81)As we pointed out in out early morning reading summary this morning, The Washington Post reported last night that President Trump ordered his administration to hold aid to Ukraine prior to phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, where Mr. Trump allegedly pressured Mr. Zelensky to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden's son.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) is considering allowing impeachment proceedings against Mr. Trump and will meet with her caucus today at 16:00 ET.Growth stocks continue to come under pressure and oil is down nearly 2%.Energy XLE -1.7%, biotech XBI -2.7% and software IGV -1.7% stocks are leading to the downside while defensive oriented utilities XLU +0.8% and consumer staples XLP +0.2% stocks outperform.Nasdaq 100 QQQ -1.3%, S&P 500 SPY -0.8%, DJIA DIA -0.6%.12:49TPC Tutor Perini enters into contract amendment involving San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Central Subway project (13.79 +0.01)The co reports that it has entered into a contract amendment involving the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Central Subway project that provides for the Company to receive $31.2 million in resolution of previously unpaid amounts for the delays that the project experienced as a result of unexpected site conditions and owner-directed changes in project design. The Company has received payment of $29.7 million, which is the agreed $31.2 million amount less contractual retention as provided for in the Central Subway project contract. This payment will be included in the Company's third quarter 2019 operating cash flow.Neither the amendment nor the payment will have an impact on the Company's third quarter earnings, in light of the amount of estimated collections related to these delays on the Central Subway project previously recorded by the Company in its contract assets. The Company is continuing to negotiate additional unresolved amounts on the Central Subway project and currently anticipates that these could be concluded by the fourth quarter of 2019, although the Company cannot predict the outcome of the ongoing discussions.The Central Subway project is not one of the five resolved matters on which the Company reported in its Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 10, 2019. The Company continues to expect the near-term collection of the remaining $24 million from the resolution of those other five matters, though some or all of the remaining amount may be received after the end of the third quarter.12:24SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Fresh Del Monte Produce (FDP) gains following index change announcement -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersFDP (35.39 +15.69%): Reaches a 52-week high after being designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective September 30; co will replace Cray (CRAY) in the index upon that company's acquisition by Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE).GOGO (6.47 +7.12%): The stock, which has pulled back in recent sessions after establishing a ten-month high last Wednesday, ticked off its lows yesterday leading into the close following favorable commentary out of William Blair.OSTK (11.89 +6.25%): Sees continued volatility after dropping by circa 25% yesterday and circa 43% over the past week. Co filed a Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock as part of the execution of co's previously announced dividend.Small Cap LosersUXIN (2.29 -17.92%): Continued weakness on above average volume following the release of co's Q2 earnings report yesterday. With today's fall, the stock moves to one-month lows.LXRX (2.9 -13.69%): Continued volatility; the stock continues to pull back following last week's +52% move higher. Biotech stocks trend generally lower.SNDL (5.95 -11.19%): The stock, which made its IPO at the beginning of August, moves to an all-time low amid widespread underperformance in the broader cannabis space. (Related: CTST, HEXO...)11:44BB BlackBerry shares decline 20% to multi-year lows after the company missed consensus on the top line and lowered its FY20 revenue outlook (6.00 -1.51)The company's second quarter total company non-GAAP revenue increased 22% yr/yr to $261 mln, arriving short of consensus estimates. GAAP revenue increased 16% yr/yr to $244 mln. The company now estimates that its FY20 total company non-GAAP revenue growth will land within a range of 23-25%. While this guidance is in-line with consensus, it represents a reduction at the mid-point from the company's outlook as issued during its first quarter report in June, when it expected total company non-GAAP revenue to grow between 23-27%.Today's move pulls the stock's year-to-date performance back into negative territory and brings the stock to levels not touched since 2015.11:41SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (71) outpacing new lows (27) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ACGL, ACRE, AEE, AEP, ALL, ATAX, ATO, AUDC, AXS, BLD, BZH, CACI, CDE, CELG, CIM, CIO, CMS, CNA, CPT, D, DLTR, DTE, DUK, ED, EIX, ENTG, ES, ETR, EVRG, FE, FND, FR, GPI, HALL, HELE, ICHR, IDA, JBL, JCI, KBH, KKR, KLAC, KSU, LEN, LHX, LNT, MAA, MDT, MDU, MHO, MPW, MTH, NEE, NFE, NTRA, NWE, OGE, OGS, OHI, PEG, PG, PHM, RE, RNR, SEDG, SO, SUI, TERP, THG, TYL, WMTStocks that traded to 52 week lows: BTU, CHWY, CLVS, EIGI, EZPW, FDX, FLDM, FTCH, FVRR, HCC, INVA, IRBT, KLXE, LVGO, LYFT, MYOV, NESR, PRQR, SNDL, SRPT, SSTI, TEUM, TPB, URGN, WMGI, WORK, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: CLCT, CWCO, LOOP, MGEE, OTTR, UEIC, WSBFThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CRNX, ELOX, FULC, KALV, MANUETFs that traded to 52 week highs: ITB, PALL, PFF, TAN, XLU11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.516% Bid-to-cover: 2.60 Indirect bid: 47.1% Direct bid: 20.4% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.337% Bid-to-cover: 2.56 Indirect bid: 47.0% Direct bid: 17.8%11:22MJ ETFMG Alternative Harvest ETF (-3%) falls to multi-year low as cannabis stocks continue to come under pressure (22.32 -0.67)IIPR -7.99% CTST -7.12% GTBIF -5.88% ACRGF -5.68% TRPX -5.47% CRON -5.51% TGODF -5.20% CWBHF -5.20% PYX -5.44% NTEC -5.00% CRLBF -4.70% VVCIF -4.57% GGBXF -4.24% ACB -3.77% CGC -3.83% IGC -3.57% TLRY -3.76% SPRWF -3.43% APHA -3.31% MMNFF -3.03% KERN -3.00% OGI -2.87% CURLF -2.74%The sector peaked as a sell the news response to recreational legalization in Canada played out one year ago. Since then, most cannabis stocks have failed to live up to elevated expectations created by lofty valuations. Most have struggled to turn a profit. More recently, a market rotation into value and out of growth as well as public push back regarding vaping have weighed on the sector.11:18SDC SmileDirectClub underperforming as shares fall as much as 9% to fresh post-IPO lows (16.43 -0.72)11:02LVGO Livongo Health leading software stocks lower as the froth continues to come out of growth stocks (20.00 -2.49)LVGO -11.16% PD -8.56% ROKU -6.15% LYFT -5.14% HCAT -4.97% CRWD -4.80% SCWX -4.86% TLRA -4.91% ESTC -3.65% SHOP -3.74% TTD -3.87% PS -3.75% UBER -3.64% SPOT -3.40% TWLO -3.31% TLND -3.28% ZUO -3.27% ETSY -3.12% DOCU -2.93% FVRR -3.22% OKTA -2.77% MDB -2.89% ASUR -2.67% PINS -2.56% DOMO -2.43% WIX -2.57%10:36URGN UroGen Pharma reports positive data from UGN-101 OLYMPUS Pivotal Trial in LG UTUC and UGN-102 Phase 2b OPTIMA II Trial in LG Bladder Cancer (31.80 -1.33)Results from a final analysis of the primary endpoint for pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS showed that investigational UGN-101 (mitomycin gel) for instillation demonstrated a 59 percent CR rate in patients with LG UTUC. Findings were consistent with previously presented results. The final analysis of the primary endpoint showed that in the OLYMPUS intent-to-treat population, 42 of the 71 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR. Forty-one patients entered follow-up, which is still ongoing. Durability of response was determined by Kaplan-Meier to be 89 percent at 6 months and 84 percent at 12 months after primary disease evaluation (PDE). The estimated median time-to-recurrence was 13.0 months. Thirty four of the 71 patients treated in the study were initially characterized by the treating physician as having endoscopically unresectable tumor at baseline. Twenty of 34 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR at the PDE assessment and 12-month durability was identical for this subgroup. The Company also presented interim results from the Phase 2b OPTIMA II trial of investigational UGN-102 (mitomycin gel) for intravesical instillation for patients with intermediate risk LG NMIBC, defined as those with one or two of the following criteria: multifocal disease, large tumors and rapid rates of recurrence. The single-arm, open label study trial recently completed enrollment of 62 patients at clinical sites across the U.S. and Israel. Patients are treated with six weekly instillations of UGN-102 and undergo assessment of CR (the primary endpoint) four to six weeks following the last instillation. In an interim cohort of 32 patients, 63 percent (20/32) achieved a CR. CR at PDE was 63% (20/32). In the interim data from OPTIMA II, the most common adverse events observed were dysuria, pollakiuria, fatigue, hematuria and urinary tract infection. The majority of these treatment-emergent adverse events were characterized as mild or moderate and transient.10:33SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence below expectations in AugustEconomic Data Summary:July FHFA Housing Price Index 0.4% (June was 0.2%)July S&P Case Schiller Home Price Index 2.0% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%; June was revised to 2.2% from 2.1% August Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs Briefing.com consensus of 134.0; July was 135.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -0.1%) August New Home Sales due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 659K; July was 635K)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be at 13:00 ET$40 bln in 2 year Treasury notes -- Tuesday$41 bln in 5 year Treasury notes -- Wednesday$32 bln in 7 year Treasury notes -- ThursdayOther International Events of Interest:China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.10:33TALKX Market Briefing: Disappointing data and tough talk from president curbs early buying interestAn early rally effort has lost some steam on the back of two headline catalysts:A weaker than expected Consumer Confidence report for September, which was compressed by rising angst over tariffs and trade tension and which included the softest reading for the Expectations Index since December 2018.President Trump taking a tough line in a UN speech on China's lack of compliance with WTO standards and reiterating that he is seeking a complete trade deal with China. The president has also sounded a tough stance on Iran.The pullback has been fairly orderly and most sectors are still showing modest gains, but the good trade vibes that reportedly helped boost the market at the open have been tempered.On a related note, the Treasury market has seen a pickup in buying interest after the confidence data and amid the president's speech, which is continuing at this time. the 10-yr note yield is down four basis points to 1.67%.The S&P 500 is up 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.2%; the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.1%; and the Russell 2000 is down 0.6%.10:31OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:FL Weekly Sep27 41 calls are seeing interest with 1880 contracts trading vs. open int of 230, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~43%. Co is presenting at a Wells Fargo conference tomorrow. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 22 before the open.Puts:CTSH Weekly Sep27 60.5 puts are seeing interest with 2430 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~26%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Stocks seeing volatility selling:AZO, NIO implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.03, VIX: (14.96, +0.05, +0.3%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:03ECONX September Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs 134.0 Briefing.com consensus09:57ACOR Acorda Therapeutics announces that the European Commission has granted Marketing Authorization for Inbrija 33 mg inhalation powder, hard capsules (3.58 0.00)The Marketing Authorization approves Inbrija for use in the 28 countries of the European Union, as well as Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. The Company had previously received a positive opinion recommending Inbrija's approval by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) on July 26, 2019.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Tech leads market to higher openThe stock market begins the day on a higher note, helped by strength in the technology stocks. The S&P 500 is up 0.4%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.5%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows ten of the 11 sectors trading higher, led by information technology (+0.8%) and consumer discretionary (+0.6%). Apple (AAPL 221.65, +2.97, +1.3%) provides solid leadership in the tech sector. The energy sector (-0.4%) is the lone holdout amid lower oil prices ($58.06/bbl, -$0.56, -1.0%).U.S. Treasuries have ticked higher, pushing yields slightly lower. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.66%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.69%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.56.09:37SCANX Earnings/guidance moversJBL +6.61% KMX +2.50% AZO +0.80% BGCP +0.72% RCM +0.65% WU +0.22%NIO -19.30% BB -18.64% NEOG -9.20% MANU -2.67% INFO -0.81%09:30HII Huntington Ingalls may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion (30.32 )09:28WIRES On The WiresANGI Homeservices (ANGI) announced a partnership for their brands HomeAdvisor and Handy with Nextdoor, the world's largest social network for the neighborhood. With this new partnership, homeowners on Nextdoor will now have the option to find and book one of HomeAdvisor and Handy's vetted local home service professionals when they are searching for local service recommendations. The feature will be available in all of Nextdoor's US neighborhoods.Minerva Neurosciences (NERV) and Catalent (CTLT) entered into a long-term commercial supply agreement for Roluperidone (MIN-101), an investigational compound under development by Minerva for the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Under the terms of the agreement, Catalent will manufacture and package the finished dose form of the drug at its facility in Schorndorf, Germany.Novartis AG's (NVS) Sandoz is voluntarily recalling all quantities and lots within expiry of Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules in the US to the consumer level because of confirmed contamination with N-Nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA) above levels established by the FDA in batches of Sandoz Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules. To date, Sandoz has not received any reports of adverse events related to use of the product as part of this recall.First Solar (FSLR) announced that it will supply more than 1.7 gigawatts (GW)DC of its high-performance Series 6 photovoltaic modules to utility-scale renewable energy developer Intersect Power as part of a multiyear supply agreement. Deliveries will commence in the fourth quarter of 2020 and will continue until the end of 2021.Harley-Davidson (HOG) is strengthening its efforts to build the next generation of riders. Harley-Davidson has sharpened its objectives through 2027 to better align with its expanded efforts to build committed riders. In the US, the company plans to expand to 4 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US through 2027. There were about 3 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US in 2017. This objective reflects the company's broader efforts to attract new riders and also retain riders each year. Outside the US, the company has sharpened its objective through 2027 and plans to grow international business to 50% of annual revenue.09:13WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +11.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +32.10.Wall Street is on pace to open higher as the S&P 500 futures trade 11 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.Apple (AAPL 220.73, +2.01, +1.0%) is up 1% in pre-market action after the stock was transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies. CarMax (KMX 90.30, +3.40, +3.9%) is up nicely after the company beat top and bottom-line estimates.In trade news, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without retaliatory tariffs. Soybeans are unlikely to take the market back to all-time highs, especially since being in the news repeatedly, but the development is encouraging to hear.Released earlier, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).09:02ECONX July FHFA Housing Index M/M +0.4%, Prior +0.2%09:02UROV Urovant Sciences announces 'positive' data from the Phase 3 trial of its investigational drug candidate vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder (10.10 )Highlights from the double-blind extension of the Phase 3 EMPOWUR study include:Vibegron further improved treatment benefit on key OAB symptoms (micturitions, UUI, urgency, and total incontinence) over the 40-week extension period.61% of patients on vibegron achieved at least a 75% reduction in their daily urge urinary incontinence episodes from baseline at week 52.41% of patients on vibegron became "dry," defined as having no urge urinary incontinence episodes at week 52.Vibegron demonstrated a favorable long-term safety and tolerability profile consistent with previous clinical experience.Urovant intends to file a New Drug Application (NDA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by early 2020.09:01ECONX July S&P Case Shiller Index +2.0% yr/yr vs +2.3% Briefing.com consensus09:01ENZ Enzo Biochem receives NY State approval for its AmpiProbe HBV viral load monitoring assay for Hepatitis B virus based on the Enzo assay's performance versus an FDA-approved comparator product (3.49 )08:59NEOG Neogen misses by $0.02, misses on revs (75.00 )Reports Q1 (Aug) earnings of $0.28 per share, $0.02 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.30; revenues rose 1.8% year/year to $101.42 mln vs the $105.16 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Our first quarter did not meet the overall performance expectations that we have for ourselves. Even considering the difficult international business climate created by the continuing strong U.S. dollar and the U.S. trade issues with China and elsewhere, we must work to produce better results," said John Adent, Neogen's president and chief executive officer. "We were, however, pleased with the continued strength of our genomics business, and we are continuing to build upon our core strengths to return to our historic growth rates, while also expanding our capabilities.08:56DNR Denbury Resources comments on impact of Tropical Storm Imelda (1.30 )The co announced that due to power outages and flooding associated with Tropical Storm Imelda, certain of the Company's producing fields around the Houston area (primarily Oyster Bayou and Conroe Fields), representing approximately 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOE/d), have experienced downtime since September 19, 2019. While no significant damage has been reported at any of the fields, the Company estimates that production in these fields could remain curtailed for several more days and expects that full production should be restored by September 28, 2019. Based on the best available information, the Company currently estimates that third quarter 2019 production will be negatively impacted by 400 to 800 BOE/d due to this storm.08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +9.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +28.60.The S&P 500 futures trade ten points, or 0.3%, above fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%Major European indices trade mixed. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.1% Germany's DAX: -0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.4% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.1% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.3%08:48GTS Triple-S Management announces market update on reserves from Hurricanes Irma and Mara; remains comfortable with level of reserves as of September 23 (15.08 )Two years after Hurricanes Irma and Mara, the company and its P&C subsidiary, Triple-S Propiedad Inc., remain comfortable with the subsidiary's reserves previously established as of June 30, 2019 for hurricane-related claims.In light of Hurricane Maria's second anniversary on September 20, the company is updating the market with respect to relevant claim numbers. Specifically, Triple-S Propiedad has paid $687.8 mln in claims related to Maria, resolving 96% of the 17,746 total claims received as of September 23, 2019. Total claims previously stood at 17,736 as of June 30, 2019. Of the 10 new claims received in the third quarter of 2019, only 3 have been received during the month of September. Of the 745 claims that remain open, the company is involved in litigation in a total of 230 cases, including 48 cases filed after June 30, 2019.08:47IIVI II-VI completes acquisition of Finisar (FNSR), not providing updated guidance for its first quarter at this time (36.98 )In the quarter end earnings call in early November, the company will provide more details to Finisar's contributions to the first quarter.08:39WIRES On The WiresBioLife Solutions, Inc. (BLFS), announced a co-investment accelerator program with Casdin Capital, targeting early stage companies that are developing novel cell and gene therapy bioproduction tools. BioLife and Casdin will each invest, subject to completion of certain closing conditions, $1.5 million in privately held Sexton Biotechnologies a recent spinout of Cook Regentec, in exchange for an 18% ownership stake for each of BioLife and Casdin. BioLife and Casdin Capital also each invested $1 million in the form of convertible debt in iVexSol, a private startup company based in Boston.Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation (ADPT) announced a partnership with Illumina (ILMN) to develop in-vitro diagnostic (IVD) test kits for Adaptive's current and future portfolio of next-generation sequencing (NGS)-based immunodiagnostics.Soliton (SOLY) announced that it has surpassed 75% of the required patients to be treated in its pivotal cellulite trial.Ocular Therapeutix (OCUL) announced that it has dosed the first patients in its Phase 3 clinical trial of DEXTENZA for the treatment of symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis (AC). AC refers to inflammation of the conjunctiva of the eye caused by an allergic reaction -- generally from airborne allergens -- that affects approximately 70 million people in the United States and results in itching and burning of the eyes.Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) announced the Company aims to serve over one billion annual active consumers and achieve over RMB10 trillion in annual gross merchandise volume ("GMV") through its China consumer business by the end of fiscal 2024.Fluidigm Corporation (FLDM) announced that it has launched seven new cadmium metal labeling kits for use with mass cytometry. The newly available cadmium isotopes comprise 106Cd, 110Cd, 111Cd, 112Cd, 113Cd, 114Cd and 116Cd. Developed to meet increasing demand for larger panels to interrogate the immunome, cancer and other complex diseases, these new metal labels will enable researchers to easily expand mass cytometry panels to advance translational and clinical research.08:32HSII Heidrick & Struggles acquires 2GET; terms not disclosed (27.82 )2GET is a premier executive search firm in Brazil and one of the largest search firms in the country.08:28WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.10.The S&P 500 futures trade 13 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.In central bank news, China said it will avoid a "massive stimulus" and is not planning on cutting interest rates, according to the Associated Press. The Bank of Japan said that while it has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates.The Fed's next policy meeting will be Oct. 29-30. Many Fed officials are expected to speak Wednesday-Friday this week.08:15OSTK Overstock.com files Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock (OSTKO) as part of the execution of the company's previously announced dividend (11.19 )This filing represents an initial step in the company's registration of the OSTKO dividend, and the company is engaged in active discussions with regulatory authorities to obtain approval of the registration.08:08JBL Jabil beats by $0.01, reports revs in-line; guides Q1 EPS in-line, revs in-line (31.33 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $0.88 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.87; revenues rose 13.9% year/year to $6.57 bln vs the $6.63 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for Q1, sees EPS of $0.82-1.04, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $0.93 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees Q1 revs of $6.65-7.35 bln vs. $7.01 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As part of a two-year capital allocation framework, Jabil's Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $600 mln in Company common stock.08:08SUMRX Gapping up/down: KMX +4% after earnings, WYNN +3% and DIS +1% after upgrades; BB -11%, INFO -1% and MANU -1% after earnings, CLVS -3% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:07WIRES On The WiresT2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO), announced that the T2Resistance Panel is the first diagnostic to graduate from CARB-X's portfolio. The graduation marks an important milestone on the path toward approval for use on patients in hospitals in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere around the globe.Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TAK) announced that the New England Journal of Medicine has published results of a Phase 2, randomised, 12-week, open-label study of TAK-620 (maribavir), an investigational, orally bioavailable antiviral compound being evaluated in patients with cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection after undergoing hematopoietic cell transplant or solid organ transplant. CMV is a beta herpes virus that, in patients with compromised immunity, including organ or stem cell transplant recipients, causes clinically challenging complications that can be fatal.Foundation Medicine, Inc. and Natera, Inc. (NTRA) announced a partnership to develop and commercialize personalized circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) monitoring assays, for use by biopharmaceutical and clinical customers who order FoundationOneCDx. The initial focus of the partnership will be to enable ctDNA monitoring in biopharmaceutical trials in 2020 to establish the clinical utility for these novel assays. Following these studies, a monitoring product will be made available to clinical customers. The agreement provides for approximately $13 million in upfront licensing fees and prepaid revenues payable to Natera, and up to approximately $32 million in minimum annual payments and payments tied to Natera's achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and commercial milestones.Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (AVDL) announced pharmacokinetic (PK) data for FT218 from four Phase 1 studies comparing 4.5g and 6g of once-nightly FT218 to 4.5g and 6g of twice-nightly sodium oxybate, evaluating the food effect of FT218, as well as determining the dose proportionality of FT218. The data will be included in an oral presentation by leading sleep expert, Dr. Michael Thorpy, Director of the Sleep-Wake Disorders Center at the Montefiore Medical Center, which is titled, "The Pharmacokinetics of once-nightly controlled-release sodium oxybate (FT218): Overview of results from four Phase 1 Studies," at the World Sleep 2019 Congress on Thursday, September 25th, in Vancouver, Canada.PJT Partners (PJT) and Nasdaq (NDAQ) announced an agreement to provide enhanced execution capabilities for general partner-sponsored secondary transactions built on world-class advisory services and industry-leading technology.08:06RCM R1 RCM announces CFO Christopher Ricaurte resignation and lowers FY 19 revs guidance (10.70 )Ricaurte's resignation is for personal reasons and is in no way related to R1's business performance, financial reporting, or controls, where the Company has built a best-in-class finance function. The Company will conduct a search process to identify a permanent CFO.Board of Directors has appointed Richard B. Evans, Jr., Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as interim Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately.The Company is raising its full year 2019 GAAP operating income guidance to $55 million to $70 million and adjusted EBITDA guidance to $165 million to $170 million.R1 expects 2019 revenue of between $1,175 million and $1,200 million vs $1.22 bln (previous guidance of $1.15-1.25 bln)08:05SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryRally PausesU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near their closing levels from yesterday. Treasury futures saw some selling after yesterday's cash close, but the weakness was not very pronounced. As a result, the market spent the overnight session in a narrow, sideways, range while equity markets in Asia and Europe also showed limited movement. Treasury futures approached their pre-market highs in recent trade with longer tenors showing some slight strength. Today's session will feature a $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.59. Yield Check: 2-yr: +1 bp to 1.68% 3-yr: +2 bps to 1.61% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.58% 10-yr: UNCH at 1.71% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.15%News: U.S. Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said that trade discussions with China's Vice Premier, Liu He, will take place during first full week of October. China reportedly granted new waivers allowing companies to purchase tariff-free soybeans from the U.S. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up. Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI decreased to 48.9 (expected 49.5) from 49.3 while flash Services PMI dipped to 52.8 from 53.3. July Leading Index ticked up to 93.7 (expected 93.6) from 93.6. South Korea's August PPI increased 0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%) but fell 0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%). The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index rose to 94.6 (expected 94.5) from 94.3. September Current Assessment increased to 98.5 (expected 97.0) from 97.4 while Business Expectations decreased to 90.8 (expected 91.8) from 91.3. U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing totaled GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders fell to -28 (expected -14) from -13. France's September Business Survey dipped to 102 from 103, as expected. Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.0% to $58.09/bbl Gold: -0.2% to $1527.80/ozt Copper: +0.2% to $2.617/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.1001 GBP/USD: +0.4% to 1.2476 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1043 USD/JPY: +0.1% to 107.66 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: July FHFA Housing Price Index (prior 0.2%) and July S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%; prior 2.1%) 10:00 ET: September Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 134.0; prior 135.1) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results08:03SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)08:03CBPO China Biologic Products' Board has formed a special committee to review and evaluate the previously announced preliminary non-binding 'going private' Sept 18 proposal (114.91 )08:02ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics receives FDA fast track designation to ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (5.93 )Aldeyra expects to initiate its adaptive Phase 3 GUARD Trial of ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (PVR) in the fourth quarter of 2019. The trial will compare recurrence rates of PVR-related retinal detachment across patients treated with ADX-2191 or standard of care following surgical repair of retinal detachment.08:02WU Western Union provides three-year financial targets, including an approx. 23% operating margin by 2022 and a low double-digit EPS CAGR through 2022, compared to 2019 adj. EPS (22.40 )Over 2020-2022, the company expects to generate more than $3 bln of operating cash flow and to return approx. $2.5-3 bln to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.The company also affirmed its full-year financial outlook for 2019, which was previously provided on August 1, 2019.08:02MDLA Medallia acquires Zingle for approximately $42 mln in cash (30.31 )"Zingle offers frictionless transactions in real-time. Customers can request products and services in-the-moment as they experience a trip, a stay or a purchase. Zingle is mobile enabled and accessible anywhere at any time. With Zingle and Medallia, our customers can transact and provide feedback across the entire customer journey, as it happens," said Leslie Stretch, President & CEO.07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 14 points, or 0.5%, above fair value in a relatively quiet pre-market session. Futures, like global stocks, haven't shown much conviction today, although some positive-sounding trade news has aided investor sentiment.Specifically, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without being subject to retaliatory tariffs, according to Bloomberg. In addition, some Chinese companies reportedly bought at least 20 cargoes on Monday.The encouraging news, coupled with an understanding that the U.S. economy remains resilient and monetary policy remains favorable, has presumably contributed to today's positive bias.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for July and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%) at 9:00 a.m. ET, followed by the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.68%, and the 10-yr yield is unchanged at 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.60. WTI crude is down 0.9%, or $0.54, to $58.10/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:CarMax (KMX 89.33, +2.43): +2.8% after beating top and bottom-line estimates.AutoZone (AZO 1148.61, +1.35): +0.1% after providing mixed results. AutoZone missed earnings estimates but beat revenue estimates.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Japan's Nikkei +0.1%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.2%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex UNCH South Korea's Kospi +0.5%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.1%.In economic data:Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6)South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)In news:Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect.China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. STOXX Europe 600 +0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 +0.3%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.2%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3)U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13)France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)In news:The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced.The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%.Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.07:51STNG Scorpio Tankers to establish 'at the market' offering program pursuant to which the Company may sell up to $100 mln of its common shares (28.08 )07:46STNG Scorpio Tankers to acquire subsidiaries of Trafigura Maritime Logistics for an aggregate value of $803 mln, announces $50 mln private placement at $29.00/share (28.08 )The acquisition of the leasehold interest in the Vessels includes a finance lease arrangement (see description below) with a financial institution under a bareboat contract arrangement. The aggregate value of the Vessels is $803 million, and after the assumption of the present value of the finance lease arrangement of approximately $668 million, the Company will issue approximately 4.7 million shares at $29.00 per share to Trafigura for an aggregate market value of approximately $135 million. The above-mentioned shares will be subject to a customary lock-up through December 31, 2019.The Company also announced today private placements with Trafigura for $35 million and Scorpio Services Holding Ltd., a related party, for $15 million for an aggregate of $50 million or 1,724,137 shares at $29.00 per share.07:31UNVR Univar Solutions prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share (21.86 )07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +0.1%, FTSE -0.1%, CAC +0.3%Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.3% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: +0.3% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.2% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.4%---FX---EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.0992 GBP/USD: +0.2% to 1.2457 USD/CHF: -0.1% to 0.989007:26S&P futures vs fair value: +14.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +43.80.07:16WIRES On The WiresRTI Surgical Holdings, Inc. (RTIX), announced the full commercial launch of the CervAlign Anterior Cervical Plate System to add to the growth of its Established Therapies spine portfolio.Moody's Corporation (MCO) announced that it has named Robert Fauber, currently President of Moody's Investors Service, to the new role of Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Moody's Corporation.Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNST) announced that the Company has dosed the first patient in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of CPI-0209.Provention Bio, Inc., (PRVB), reiterated its regulatory strategy regarding PRV-031 (teplizumab) for the prevention or delay of clinical type 1 diabetes (T1D) in individuals at-risk of developing the disease. Based on written communications from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and FDA's designation of PRV-031 as a breakthrough therapy, the Company believes that existing clinical and non-clinical data for PRV-031 will be sufficient to support a Biologics License Application (BLA) submission for PRV-031 in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the at-risk indication. The Company expects to meet with the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2019 to discuss this expedited development plan.The Ivy Brain Tumor Center at Barrow Neurological Institute, announced a new collaboration with QED Therapeutics, Inc., a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., (BBIO) to investigate the FGFR1-3 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, infigratinib, for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM). With the goal of addressing unmet medical needs for those affected by malignant brain cancer, this collaboration will focus on targeting FGFR (fibroblast growth factor receptor) genetic alterations that have been shown to spur growth in malignant tumors.07:04BB BlackBerry beats by $0.01, misses on revs; guides FY20 revs in-line (7.51 )Reports Q2 (Aug) net of breakeven, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of ($0.01); revenues rose 16.2% year/year to $244 mln vs the $267.91 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees FY20 revs of +23-25% yr/yr to $1.13-1.15 bln vs. $1.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Management ChangeWith its focus on long-term, sustainable growth, BlackBerry announces that Steve Capelli will move into the newly-created role of Chief Revenue Officer to drive revenue-generating and business development activities across the company. BlackBerry promotes Steve Rai from Deputy Chief Financial Officer to Chief Financial Officer. These changes take effect as of October 1, 2019.07:04SASR Sandy Spring Banc to acquire Revere Bank for $460.7 mln (35.33 )Under the terms of the agreement, Revere shareholders will receive 1.05 shares of Sandy Spring common stock for each share of Revere common stock. The transaction, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020, has a value of $460.7 million in the aggregate, based on Sandy Spring's closing price of $35.33 on September 23, 2019. Upon closing, Sandy Spring shareholders will own approximately 74% of the combined company and Revere shareholders will own approximately 26% of the combined company.07:01CSII Cardiovascular Systems announces FDA PMA approval of the new ViperWire Advance Coronary Guide Wire with Flex Tip (50.03 )07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +0.1%, Hang Seng +0.2%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%---FX---USD/JPY: +0.2% to 107.71 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1046 USD/INR: +0.3% to 70.9906:59SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:JAG +10.1%, FDP +9.4%, ZEAL +6%, GME +2.4%, LGF.A +2%, DIS +0.8%, MMSI +0.8%Gapping down:VSI -11.4%, NIO -8.5%, UNVR -3.3%, VER -2.7%, PDD -2.3%, PLMR -2%, BUD -1.1%, INFO -0.6%06:58WIRES On The WiresAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) and Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. announced that Alibaba Group has received a newly-issued 33% equity interest in Ant Financial following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the 2014 transaction agreements and the relevant amendments to those agreements.Dassault Systmes SE (DASTY) and Medidata Solutions, Inc. (MDSO) announced that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) will initiate an additional 45 calendar day examination for the proposed acquisition of Medidata by Dassault Systmes. The parties continue to target the fourth quarter of 2019 for the closing of the merger.Turning Point Brands, Inc. (TPB), announced that Thomas F. Helms, Jr. retires as the non-executive Chairman of the Board and director of the company after 31 years of service. There were no disagreements between Mr. Helms and TPB.New Age Beverages Corporation (NBEV) announced the approval by the Japanese Narcotics Control Division and the Japanese Ministry of Health for New Age's CBD products in Japan and the company's subsequent launch into the market effective immediately.McDermott International, Inc. (MDR) announced that it was awarded a sizeable front-end engineering design (FEED) contract by POSCO INTERNATIONAL Corporation for the Shwe Phase 3 gas field development, located offshore Myanmar. McDermott defines a sizeable contract as between USD $1 million and USD $50 million.06:58S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +39.10.06:58European MarketsFTSE...7317.99...-8.10...-0.10%. DAX...12344.17...+1.80...+0.00%.06:58Asian MarketsNikkei...22099...+19.80...+0.10%. Hang Seng...26281...+58.60...+0.20%.06:58AZO AutoZone misses by $0.84, beats on revs (1147.26 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $20.95 per share, $0.84 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $21.79; revenues rose 12.1% year/year to $3.99 bln vs the $3.93 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Domestic same store sales, or sales for stores open at least one year, increased 3.0% for the quarter. Same store sales are computed on a 16-week basis.06:56FLR Fluor announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share (20.70 )As a result of the strategic review, the company concluded that the divestitures of select businesses will simultaneously improve the financial stability of the company and allow the remaining businesses to refocus on engineering, construction and maintenance services in core markets. The company is initiating plans to sell its construction equipment rental company (AMECO) and its government business, and to monetize surplus real estate and non-core investments. Fluor anticipates these actions to generate in excess of $1 billion in aggregate proceeds. In addition, the company plans to reduce its quarterly dividend to $0.10 per share beginning with the next quarterly dividend declaration.The results of the operational review led to key leadership changes, the development of improved pursuit criteria and a new organizational structure. The company will shift to a model in which business groups have direct control over the functions that support operations. These actions are expected to improve the speed of decision making and drive greater accountability within the businesses. As a result of these and other changes, the company anticipates overhead reductions of $100 million.Consistent with the board's commitment to strong governance with focused oversight of risk, the board recently elected Thomas Leppert and David Constable as new board members. Leppert and Constable both bring significant capital project experience to the board. The board also formed a Commercial Strategies & Operational Risk committee that will be chaired by David Constable. The purpose of the committee is to provide guidance to management with respect to the company's commercial strategies and provide oversight of the company's project-related risk governance framework and risk appetite.The co also announced that Peter Fluor, the company's current lead independent director, will not stand for re-election at the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders. In connection with this announcement, Peter Fluor has also stepped down as the chairman of the organization and compensation committee.06:56KMX CarMax beats by $0.07, beats on revs; comps +3.2% (86.90 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $1.40 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.33; revenues rose 9.1% year/year to $5.2 bln vs the $5.06 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Total used vehicle unit sales increased 6.2%, including a 3.2% increase in comparable store used unit sales compared with the prior year's second quarter. The comparable store sales performance reflected strong conversion and solid growth in web traffic. Total wholesale vehicle unit sales increased 4.7% compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2019, largely driven by an increase in our appraisal buy rate, partially offset by lower appraisal traffic.06:32SWTX SpringWorks Therapeutics: European Commission grants orphan drug designation for nirogacestat for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma (27.82 )SpringWorks is currently enrolling patients in the Phase 3 DeFi trial of nirogacestat for the treatment of adult patients with progressing desmoid tumors, which are a type of soft-tissue tumors that are often treated by sarcoma specialists. Desmoid tumors are rare and often debilitating and disfiguring, and can aggressively invade surrounding healthy tissues and cause significant morbidities, including severe pain, internal bleeding, incapacitating loss of range of motion, and, in rare cases, death.It is estimated that 1,000 to 1,500 new desmoid tumor patients are diagnosed each year in the United States.06:19KMPR Kemper announces that Anastasios Omiridis has joined the company as deputy CFO and principal accounting officer reporting to Kemper CFO James McKinney (157.71 )Previously, Omiridis served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Chubb Life, a segment of Chubb (CB).06:13NIO NIO misses by RMB 1.24, beats on revs; guides Q3 revs below two analyst estimate; implements comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures, cancels conference call (2.72 )Reports Q2 (Jun) loss of RMB 3.11 per share, excluding non-recurring items, RMB 1.24 worse than the single analyst estimate of (RMB 1.87); revenues rose 3180.2% year/year to RMB 1.51 bln vs the RMB 1.21 bln two analyst estimate.Deliveries of the ES8 were 3,140 in the second quarter of 2019, compared with 3,989 vehicles delivered in the first quarter of 2019. Deliveries of the ES6 reached 413 in the second quarter of 2019."In response to the overall tempered market conditions, we are also working hard to maximize returns on our resources and have implemented comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures across the organization. These measures aim to further improve efficiency and streamline operations within our sales and service network and R&D activities. We target to reduce our global headcount to be around 7,800 by the end of the third quarter from over 9,900 in January 2019, and aim to further pursue a leaner operation through additional restructuring and spinning off some non-core businesses by year end" Balance of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investment was RMB3,455.6 million (US$503.4 million) as of June 30, 2019.Co issues downside guidance for Q3, sees Q3 revs of RMB 1.59-1.66 bln vs. RMB 4.3 bln two analyst estimate; sees deliveries between 4,200 and 4,400 units, representing an increase of approximately 18.2% to 23.8% from the second quarter of 2019The co also announced that it will not hold its previously scheduled second quarter 2019 earnings conference call at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time today, Tuesday, September 24, 2019 (8:00 p.m. Beijing Time on September 24, 2019).06:13WIRES On The WiresCabot (CBT) announced the grand opening of its newest fumed silica manufacturing facility, located in Wuhai, Inner Mongolia, China. The state-of-the-art manufacturing site adds approximately 8,000 metric tons of annual fumed silica capacity to Cabot's global network and will serve the rapidly growing fumed silica market in China. With the opening of this facility, Cabot builds on its leadership position and becomes the largest provider of fumed silica in the Chinese market.NI (NATI) announced the S.E.A. C-V2X Open Loop Test System, leveraging 5G wireless cellular technology to provide high bandwidth and low latency communication for Vehicle-to-Vehicle and Vehicle-to-Infrastructure communications.06:11VER VEREIT upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $779 mln (9.73 )06:04INFO IHS Markit beats by $0.04, misses on revs; reaffirms FY19 EPS guidance, lowers FY19 revs below consensus (66.92 )Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.67 per share, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.63; revenues rose 11.1% year/year to $1.11 bln vs the $1.12 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co lowers guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $2.52-2.57 vs. $2.57 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $4.40-4.42 bln vs. $4.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus, and down from prior guidance of $4.43-4.50 bln.06:01TOT Total S.A. Board of Directors decides to accelerate dividend growth with a guidance of increasing the dividend by 5 to 6% per year (53.67 )Co reviewed the outlook for the Group through 2025. Total is demonstrating its ability to maintain a sustainable pre-dividend breakeven below 30 $/b and a solid financial position with a gearing objective below 20%. The Group also reaffirms its strong discipline on investment and cost.Delivering on its strategy for sustainable and profitable growth in oil and gas activities as well as investing in growing energy markets, notably LNG and low-carbon electricity, provide stronger visibility on the future of the Group.06:01BUD Anheuser-Busch InBev prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share (96.34 )The Company has also partially exercised an offer size adjustment option, issuing an additional 189,354,000 shares for a total of 1,451,704,000 shares to cover market demand. The initial public offering is also subject to an over-allotment option of up to 217,755,000 additional shares at the same offer price. Subject to customary closing conditions, the shares are expected to begin trading on 30 September 2019 on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited under the stock code 1876.06:00ZEAL Zealand Pharma announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes (25.52 )The primary result demonstrated that the median time to blood glucose recovery was 10 minutes for dasiglucagon, which was superior to placebo (median: 30 min; p<0.001). The median time to recovery for GlucaGen was 10 minutes. Overall, no safety concerns were raised for dasiglucagon within the trial. Nausea and vomiting were reported with dasiglucagon in both age groups (6-11 years; nausea: 25% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 92% and vomiting: 67%). For GlucaGen (6-11 years; nausea: 50% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 17% and vomiting: 0%).06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets trade modestly higher overnightThe global equity markets outside of the US are off to a modestly higher start to the day, while the US has seen a sharp rebound that has gotten the S&P Futures back above the 3000 mark. It's unclear what the driving force is but there was a small positive in trade tensions after China's central government announced it would allow companies to purchase soybeans from the US tariff free. Spoos are trading about nine points higher to 3006 with a high of 3012.25 and a low of 3007.75.In Asia, both China and Japan closed up marginally. The small concession made by the Chinese government surrounding soybean purchases may have helped buoy the Shanghai. Japanese traders returned to their trading desks following a holiday weekend only to witness a lackluster day with the Nikkei closing up 0.1%. The yen was slightly lower against the dollar, lending mild support to equities.In Europe, the major bourses are mixed. The overall net changes are small and markets have been in a relatively tight trading range. After dismal PMI readings on Monday, Germany saw a relief with a slightly better than expected business confidence survey. The September IFO came in at 94.6, a tick higher than the expectation of 94.5 and up from 94.3 in August.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: +13.010 yr Note: 1.72%USD/JPY: 107.77 +0.23EUR/USD: 1.0998 +0.0005Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX +0.2% CAC +0.3%Asia: Hang Seng +0.2% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +0.1%Gold (1528.20 -3.30) Silver (18.67 -0.05) Crude (58.05 -0.59)17:23RILY B. Riley Financial files for $250 mln mixed securities shelf offering (25.10 +0.16)17:07HWC Hancock Whitney approved an increase and extension of its previously announced common stock buyback program (38.58 +0.16)The original authorization, approved in May 2018 for up to 5% of shares outstanding, or approximately 4.3 million shares, was set to expire December 31, 2019. Today's action increases the authorization to 5.5 million shares (which equates to approximately $212 million based on today's closing price) with a new expiration date of December 31, 2020.17:06VSI Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group (7.22 0.00)As previously disclosed on September 9, 2019, the co received an acquisition proposal to acquire the Company from a third party (the "Bidder") during the "go-shop" period contemplated by the terms of the previously announced merger agreement by and among the Company, Franchise Group and Valor Acquisition. On September 23, 2019, in light of the failure of the Bidder to obtain committed financing, the co determined to cease negotiations with the Bidder as of such date. Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has changed its recommendation in favor of the Company's pending merger with Franchise Group and each expressly reaffirms its recommendation in favor of the pending merger with Franchise Group.17:03UNVR Univar Solutions announces sale of 11,594,268 shares of common stock by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (21.86 -0.14)Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities propose initially to offer the shares of common stock to the public at a fixed price. After the offering, the public offering price or any other term of the offering may be changed. CD&R will receive all of the net proceeds from this offering representing the conclusion of a 9-year investment in Univar Solutions.17:02NKTR Nektar Therapeutics announces acceptance of abstract for presentation at the 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference (19.93 -0.23)New data from a cohort of patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer who were enrolled in the PIVOT-02 study will be presented at the upcoming 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference, which is being held from September 25-28 at the Espace Grand Arche de la Defense in Paris. The PIVOT-02 study is evaluating bempegaldesleukin (bempeg, NKTR-214) in combination with nivolumab in a range of advanced and/or metastatic solid tumor settings.16:56PDD Pinduoduo announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024 (33.82 -0.26)The company plans to use proceeds to enhance and expand its business operations, for research and development, to continue to invest in and develop its technology infrastructure, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.16:52BANC Banc of California entered into Memorandum of Understanding to settle litigation (14.23 -0.11)On September 16, 2019, co entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the lead plaintiff to settle class action lawsuits that were previously consolidated in the United District Court for the Central District of California. Under the terms of the MOU, the co's insurance carriers would pay $19.75 million, which would be distributed to shareholders who purchased stock between April 15, 2016 and January 20, 2017, after payment of attorney's fees and costs. The co would not be required to contribute any cash to the settlement payments. Pursuant to the settlement, the action against the company would be dismissed with prejudice. Plaintiff would also dismiss its claims against the former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Steven Sugarman. While the co does not believe the plaintiff's claims are meritorious, the Company believes that ending the costs and distraction of the litigation is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.16:39EXPR Express promotes COO Matthew Moellering to President and COO (2.74 +0.02)16:23WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 finished flat on Monday in a mixed, and tight-ranged, session. Disappointing flash manufacturing PMI readings out of the eurozone kept many buyers sidelined, but encouraging manufacturing activity in the U.S. helped abate early selling pressure. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.1%), and Russell 2000 (-0.1%) finished little changed.The session began on a lower note, largely in response to those weaker-than-expected PMI readings overseas. Most notably, Germany's flash PMI for September fell deeper into contraction territory to its lowest reading (41.4) since 2009. The good news was that the Markit's flash manufacturing PMI reading for the U.S. increased to 51.1 from 50.3, reflecting the continued resiliency of the U.S. economy.The S&P 500 was down just 0.3% at its session low and crossed into positive territory as soon as European markets closed for trading at 11:30 a.m. ET. The broader market maintained this positive disposition throughout the afternoon but faded into the close.Most S&P 500 sectors finished within 0.3% of their unchanged marks. The consumer staples sector (+0.4%) outperformed the broader market, while the health care (-0.6%) and communication services (-0.4%) sectors underperformed.Apple (AAPL 218.72, +0.99, +0.5%) and most stocks within the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+1.0%) showed relative strength throughout the day. The semiconductor space bounced back from Friday's decline following reports indicating that officials from the U.S. and China described last week's trade talks as "productive" and "constructive," respectively.In corporate news, American Express (AXP 118.25, +1.45, +1.2%) announced a 120 million share repurchase program and increased its quarterly dividend 10%. Lululemon athletica (LULU 195.18, +5.88, +3.1) rose 3% after the stock was initiated with an Overweight rating at Piper Jaffray.The U.S. Treasury market reflected some lingering growth concerns as increased demand pushed yields lower. The 2-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.67%, and the 10-yr yield declined six basis points to 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.1% to 98.62. WTI crude rose 1.0%, or $0.60, to $58.64/bbl.Investors did not receive any notable economic data on Monday. Looking ahead, investors will receive the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +12.3% YTDS&P 500 +19.3% YTDRussell 2000 +15.6% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.5% YTD16:22VER VEREIT announces public offering of 71.0 mln shares of common stock (9.73 -0.07)The company intends to use proceeds to pay amounts owed in connection with the settlement of certain litigation and for general corporate purposes.16:20MTDR Matador Resources announces receipt of six Bureau of Land Management drilling permits in western Antelope Ridge asset area (17.31 +0.28)The company had anticipated receipt of these permits late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2019. Matador is also pleased to announce that it has initiated drilling operations on these wells, which Matador will refer to as the "Rodney Robinson" wells.The 1,200 gross and net acre Rodney Robinson tract is one of the key tracts Matador acquired in the BLM New Mexico Oil and Gas Lease Sale in September 2018. Matador anticipates drilling these first six wells, all two-mile laterals, from two separate three-well pads. These wells are currently scheduled to be completed and turned to sales late in the first quarter of 2020. Pending approval and receipt of additional drilling permits from the BLM, Matador also believes it is on track to begin operations in early 2020 on its Stateline asset area, including 2,800 gross and net acres acquired as part of the BLM Acquisition, in which case Matador intends to move two of its operated drilling rigs to the Stateline asset area to initiate a multi-year drilling program there.16:20RIG Transocean relinquishes interests in Samsung Heavy drillships under construction (5.83 +0.01)Upon relinquishment of the Drillships, Transocean's indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries will not make further payments to SHI under the construction contracts. The total estimated future costs associated with the delivery and placing the Drillships into service would have been approximately $1.1 billion, which includes future payments to SHI under the construction contracts and costs related to spares, materials and supplies, and to the commissioning and mobilization of the rigs. The construction contracts are not guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. or any of its affiliates.16:19CDMO Avid Bioservices' Board voted to accelerate the expiration of the Stockholder Rights Plan (poison pill) (5.77 -0.19)The action of the Board of Directors accelerated the expiration date of the Company's current Stockholder Rights Plan to September 23, 2019. The rights plan had been originally due to expire on March 16, 2021. In taking this action, the Board reserved the right to take any future action that it determines in the exercise of its fiduciary duties to be necessary or advisable in order to protect the interests of stockholders.16:17IBP Installed Building Products acquires Northeast Spray Insulation and Minnesota Spray-Foam Insulation; terms not disclosed (59.22 -0.12)Northeast provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services, as well as thermal barrier services for residential single- and multi-family customers throughout Maine and New Hampshire. Founded in 2001, Northeast has annual revenue of approx. $3.6 mln. MSI provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services to residential customers throughout Minnesota. Founded in 2001, MSI has annual revenue of approx. $1.6 mln.16:17POWL Powell Inds CEO Brett Cope to assume role of Chairman after Thomas Powell elected to step down as Chairman (38.95 -0.26)In recognition of Mr. Powell's longstanding service and contributions, the Board designated Mr. Powell as Chairman Emeritus of the Board. Mr. Powell intends to continue actively serving as a director on the Board. The Company also announced today that, in connection with Mr. Powell's transition to Chairman Emeritus, the Board elected Brett A. Cope as its new Chairman of the Board as of September 16, 2019.16:11BGCP BGC Partners confirms it is "comfortable" with the mid-point of Q3 range of its previously stated outlook for revenues and pre-tax adjusted earnings (5.59 +0.09)Prior Q3 Guidance: adj earnings of $80-95 mln, revs $490-530 mln (vs $510 mln consensus)16:07PLMR Palomar Holdings launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders (38.01 +0.07)Selling stockholders include affiliates of of Genstar Capital and certain directors and officers of the company. The selling stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from the offering.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 24, 2019End of Document

SVB Financial's big bet on Chinaamericanbanker.comOctober 31, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 SourceMedia LLC d/b/a Arizent. All Rights ReservedSection: Vol. 1; No. 1Length: 2973 wordsByline: John EngenBodySHANGHAI - Dave Jones remembers the day he volunteered, half-jokingly, to run a Chinese bank.Greg Becker, the chief executive of SVB Financial Group, asked Jones to help brainstorm about who could be the next head of the Santa Clara, Calif., company's fledgling China subsidiary. "Don't forget I could be a candidate," Jones, then chief credit officer, recalled saying. "It just sort of jumped out of my mouth."Seven years later, the mild-mannered Oklahoma native sits atop one of most ambitious efforts by an American bank to cash in on the rapid evolution of the world's second-largest economy.That he's doing it at a time of intense trade tension between the United States and China has made Jones philosophical about SVB's dual identity."There might be people in the U.S. who ask why an American bank is helping Chinese startups," said Jones, the president of SVB Asia and the head of its Shanghai-based China operations."I've grown to understand that each country has its own experiences and perspectives," he said. "Sometimes the views are different, but that doesn't mean either side is wrong. They're just different."What the two countries share, he added, is a desire to expand their economies. "I would say that good economic activity for both countries is in the best interests of everyone, in the best interests of world peace."SVB Financial, the parent company of the $60 billion-asset Silicon Valley Bank, specializes in serving the "innovation economy" - early-stage growth companies, many with venture-capital funding, that require creative loan underwriting and some hand-holding.It's a profitable niche and SVB has a stranglehold on it - both in the States and in places like London and Tel Aviv.China, with its entrepreneurial fervor, surging venture-capital volume and a massive population that's willing - eager, in fact - to embrace new technology, is a natural fit."It's an exciting part of SVB's growth story," said Aaron James Deer, an analyst who follows the company for Sandler O'Neill. SVB has about $4 billion in international loans and $11 billion in deposits - most of those from Asia."International is becoming a bigger piece of the pie for SVB," Deer said. "China, by virtue of being the largest venture market outside of the U.S., is likely to be the biggest chunk of that."Hotbed for startupsThe Middle Kingdom has emerged as a hotbed for startups in the sharing economy, artificial intelligence, e-commerce and mobile payments spaces, among others.In 2018, it attracted $105 billion in venture capital investments - second only to the U.S. at $111 billion, according to Preqin, a London research firm. The figure is up enormously from $5.6 billion in 2010At year-end, the country boasted 88 technology "unicorns" - privately held startups valued at more than $1 billion - according to the Evergrande Research Institute in China. That also was second only to the U.S."An innovation company in China can grow two to five times faster than in the U.S.," said Becker, the SVB CEO, in explaining why the market appeals to his company. "There are more people, and they're embracing technology at an incredibly fast pace. If you find the right company with the right idea, the growth can be amazing."SVB approaches China in two distinct ways. Wholly owned operations in Beijing, Shenzhen and Shanghai advise and help local startups manage overseas funding and relationships. Those operations are "hugely profitable," Jones said, but foreign banks like SVB face stiff limitations.The franchise's domestic growth engine is a separate 50-50 joint-venture with Shanghai Pudong Development Bank - known as SPD Silicon Valley Bank, or SSVB - that operates much like SVB does elsewhere.The $2 billion-asset SSVB turns a modest profit, most of which is plowed back into the operation to build for the long term. "We are a Chinese bank that is trying to replicate the SVB model with SVB's support," Jones, who runs both of the China-based operations, said of the joint venture. "The language is different, but the essence of what startup clients need here isn't all that different from in the U.S."Awkward timingThis doesn't look like the greatest time for American banks to be expanding in China. President Trump's festering trade dispute with Beijing has sparked more questions than answers about the future of relations between the world's two largest economies.Both sides have slapped tariffs on the other nation's products, threatening a global economic slowdown.Concessions on both sides - in September, Trump agreed to temporarily delay tariffs on $250 billion in Chinese goods in response to China's cancellation of plans to increase tariffs on U.S. soybeans and pork - provided hope that an agreement could be worked out. The situation has remained fluid since then.Few expect a comprehensive trade agreement anytime soon, and Trump himself has warned that the dispute might not be resolved before the 2020 elections.The uncertainty and risk of further damage is unnerving for all sorts of businesses, including American banks. "Everybody feels like it's going to be a while before anything gets resolved," Jafar Amin, Hong Kong-based regional president for Wells Fargo Asia-Pacific, said in an interview this summer.Bankers with multinational clients engaged in cross-border business say they are seeing a slowdown in areas as diverse as trade finance, foreign corporate investments and cross-border M&A activity.The trade dispute "has caused some corporate clients to rethink their supply chains," said Christine Lam, China CEO for Citigroup, which has had a presence in Shanghai since 1902. "Some have been holding back on investments to wait and see how things play out before they plow money into a new plant."Even so, U.S. banks, ranging from Citigroup, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase to smaller players like the $43 billion-asset East West Bank in Pasadena, Calif., are pushing expansion plans here, judging that the potential rewards outweigh the risks."The Chinese banking market is still considered very much virgin territory from a foreign participation perspective," Lam said in her office high atop Citigroup Tower in Shanghai's futuristic Pudong business district. "There are a lot of opportunities."U.S. banks here play to their global strengths. Wells Fargo, a retail powerhouse at home, is known better internationally for trade finance, commercial-dollar clearing and assisting financial institutions. It has branches in Shanghai and Beijing, but doesn't lend to domestic Chinese companies."We don't work with Chinese small businesses or commercial clients," Amin said. "Everything is linked back to our U.S. dollar capabilities and supporting U.S. clients and Chinese financial institutions by supplying dollar clearing and financing."JPMorgan, a global capital-markets player, in March received Chinese regulatory approval for its own majority-owned and majority-controlled securities operation. The company projects that Chinese debt and equity issuances will grow to $120 trillion by 2030 from $20 trillion today.Citi supports global multinationals doing business here, but Lam said the real opportunity lies in capitalizing on a domestic market with 1.4 billion people."Most of our clients are here because of the size of the China market," Lam said of the multinational segment. "They manufacture here to sell here, so trade war talk doesn't hurt them."A powerhouse global consumer bank, Citi also has nearly 1 million Chinese retail customers - mostly affluent ones drawn to the brand.Citi's consumer bank earnings in China grew 26% in 2018, according to Darren Buckley, who heads the unit."We have the potential to scale and grow our business in China at a transformational pace," Buckley said.The question is, "are we comfortable as an organization with the amount of growth we could put on?" he added. "If we really opened up the full potential of China, it could become a disproportionate part of our global franchise."SVB's roleFor SVB, the Chinese government's eagerness to spur innovation, combined with an entrepreneurial culture, represents no less profound of a growth opportunity.As it does elsewhere, SVB positions itself as a wizened hand that's been there and done that in the venture space.It's comfortable lending on potential, not collateral, and boasts the in-house expertise to help clients navigate the world of venture capitalists and technology. "Everything around these companies is unsettled. That makes working with someone who is patient and has done this before extremely valuable," Jones said.SVB counts roughly 2,200 clients between its two Chinese operations - some of them unicorns. Among them are household names in China, such as Mobike, a bike-sharing firm, and SenseTime, a maker of facial recognition technology.Zhaogang, an e-commerce firm that operates a platform linking Chinese steel mills with thousands of steel wholesalers in China and eight other markets in Asia and Africa, got its start with the help of SVB in 2012 and became a unicorn five years later.Zhaogang's offices, occupying several floors of a midlevel high-rise not far from SVB's Shanghai headquarters, have the look and feel of a startup anywhere.The lobby features a computerized map that highlights the firm's busiest markets and updated steel prices in real time. Behind the scenes, groups of young people cluster around computer workstations, bantering as they punch their keyboards.Zhaogang has gone through six rounds of venture funding, counting such big-name global VC firms as Sequoia Capital and Matrix Partners among its shareholders.One of those shareholders introduced Zhaogang to SVB, said Ran Chen, Zhaogang's financial markets director. Today the relationship is part lending, part advice on topics such as expanding overseas, adding new products and moving money in and out of the country."They helped us to be pioneers," Chen said. "A lot of Chinese banks try to mimic their model, but they can't because the mindset is so different."An 'amazing opportunity'Much of the credit for SVB's success goes to Jones, a self-described introvert who can't speak the local language but has effectively transferred SVB's way of doing business to Shanghai as only a risk-minded former credit chief can.Jones tries to take personal advantage of the posting, informally studying Confucius and his philosophy and visiting historical sites. But he's a workaholic at heart, and running what he calls a "startup bank" in a dynamic market is most rewarding."To be able to lead a startup when we work all day long with clients that are startups is an amazing opportunity," said Jones, sitting in his 21st-floor office in Shanghai's bustling Huangpu district, a prosperous area of high-rise residential and commercial buildings just north of downtown.Jones' responsibilities here extend beyond running two banks. SVB's business model is unique - it includes occasionally taking equity warrants in its client companies as a risk-management tool - and government regulators (and some bankers) have been keen on taking notes.They have sought Jones' advice and cited SVB in official documents."China is very proud of its economy, but also understands that for it to remain the second-largest economy in the world - and to have any chance at becoming No. 1 - it's going to need a strong innovation environment," Jones said. "We are helping with that."His efforts to educate regulators on SVB's underwriting and risk-management practices are helping modernize local banking regulations and practices around the startup space.They've also won SVB praise in Shanghai, where last year Jones received a coveted Magnolia Award, given to foreigners who have made life better in this bustling city of 27 million."It's recognition more for the company than me," Jones said. "Innovation is very important to China."Model bankCould sharing the secrets of its business model come back to bite SVB? The Chinese are known for borrowing (or even stealing) intellectual property from Western partners in exchange for market access. Those partners sometimes emerge later as competitors.Jones said SVB has "willingly accepted the expectation of becoming a model bank for China."He doesn't feel that he's giving away any trade secrets in the process."Even if I was smart enough to teach potentially competitive banks the science of what we do, I don't think the art of our business is easily transferred," he said. "It is our ability to absorb the constant pace of innovation and assimilate it in our business that may be our core intellectual property."While SVB's success has spawned Chinese imitators, most struggle to get things right. Some feel tempted, for example, to view the warrants that SVB includes in lending agreements as a profit center, not a risk management tool."I've seen bankers get greedy," and ask for up to 10 times the warrants SVB typically accepts, Jones said. "You have to wonder what kind of risk the bank is taking to justify getting such a big warrant."More common are those that don't bring the necessary commitment or flair to the task."Every bank in China will try to compete with us, but they'll do it with the same product offering that they would offer to a steel mill," Jones said."We don't take real estate as collateral and most of our clients are not profitable," he added. "Other banks aren't comfortable with that, but we are."Asked if he dreamed of running a model Chinese bank when he was growing up in Tulsa, Jones laughs. He didn't even leave the U.S. until he was in his 40s.Jones' first bank, First National Bank & Trust in Oklahoma City, failed in 1986, its remains acquired by the old First Interstate. His regional boss, John Dean, went on to become SVB's CEO in the 1990s, and eventually recruited Jones, then the chief credit officer for Wells Fargo in Oregon, to the same post for SVB.It was a new world for Jones, who had an aversion to technology lending in his previous jobs. But he was a quick study, and got credit for helping to keep the bank out of serious trouble through the bursting of the internet bubble and the Great Recession.The experience has proved valuable in his current gig, providing important credibility with Chinese officials.SVB's evolution in ChinaSVB began doing business in China in the early 2000s and significantly increased its commitment in 2011, after intense internal exploration that included a weeklong board meeting in Shanghai.Among the questions: Would SVB's business model fly in a market that had vexed so many foreign banks? Did it need a local partner? Was the board comfortable with potentially writing off the expected $80 million investment if things didn't work out?The board ultimately decided to jump in. "At the end, it was ... we really don't have a choice but to do this" because of China's importance to the global innovation economy, Becker recalled in a 2015 case study published by Stanford University.The initiative was regarded as such a priority that then-CEO Ken Wilcox agreed to hand over SVB's reins to Becker and serve as president of the Chinese operations - a move that provided instant credibility in the eyes of government officials.Jones arrived in 2012, just as the joint venture bank was getting off the ground - his willingness to move surprising friends who noted Jones' lack of international experience and reputation as a "finicky" eater."If you lined up 100 people at SVB and asked which one would be interested in moving to China, Dave would be picked last," Becker said. "But if you thought about what we were looking for over there - someone you can trust who sees the big picture - he was a great fit."Today, Jones maintains a busy schedule. He is front and center as SVB's figurehead and pitchman, appearing in online videos and attending elaborate, family-style dinners with clients. At a recent client dinner, "we had 10 people around the table, a Lazy Susan rotating in the middle, and you just grab things with chopsticks as they go by," he said.It's a cultural adventure, to be sure. A Becker visit to Shenzhen last spring included an audience with the local Party secretary - the city's highest-ranking official. "We went into a room the size of a small ballroom, and it had two chairs at the head of the room, for Greg and the Party secretary," Jones recalled. "You have to get used to the formalities."Jones said he is taking Mandarin lessons, but doesn't feel comfortable enough to have business discussions in Chinese. Like many non-native speakers, he occasionally gets flustered by the language's tones. Depending on the tone, "ma" can mean mother, horse or marijuana. "You don't want to make a mistake," he said.But it doesn't seem to matter much, because he's fluent in the language of banking and has proved adept at transmitting SVB's model and mentality to the Middle Kingdom.As the Trump administration's high-profile flip-flop earlier this year on whether to allow U.S. chipmakers to sell semiconductors to Huawei, the Chinese technology giant, played out, Jones spied opportunity. Huawei is reliant on high-quality foreign chips for its products."While the trade war may have an effect on the broader economy, it won't necessarily be bad for innovation," Jones told his team. "If there's an absence of foreign semiconductor chips, domestic innovators will fill the gap."We work with the entrepreneurs and VCs that build those businesses," he added. "It's an opportunity for us."The initial plan called for Jones to spend two or three years in Shanghai. "But he's been there now for more than six years," Becker said. "He's built the culture, built the business, etc. ... He's delivered everything I hoped for."Jones has found an oddly comfortable niche in Shanghai - a capstone to a unique and rewarding growth journey for man and institution alike.http://www.americanbanker.com/news/svb-financials-big-bet-on-chinaLoad-Date: January 23, 2020End of Document

FOR NBA'S QUANDARY OVER CHINA, STAND WITH HUMAN RIGHTSStates News ServiceOctober 8, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1140 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: NEW YORK, N.Y. BodyThe following information was released by Human Rights Watch:Published in The HillKenneth RothExecutive Director kenrothThe NBA has long portrayed itself as standing up for human rights, whether dismissing the Los Angeles Clippers' owner for racist statements or moving the All-Star Game from Charlotte after North Carolina took a stand against allowing transgender people to use the bathroom associated with their identity. NBA stars have taken up such varied causes as gun control, police abuse and Trump's hateful rhetoric. The success of the league itself is a tribute to diversity and globalism. But the NBA now faces a test of its principles when access to the massive Chinese market is at issue.As is now widely known, the Houston Rockets' general manager, Daryl Morey, tweeted on Friday: "Fight for Freedom. Stand with Hong Kong." His reference was to Hong Kong protesters who are trying to protect their territory's freedoms and the rule of law from Beijing's authoritarian encroachment.Various Chinese voices went ballistic. The official English-language newspaper, China Daily, called Morey's tweet "irresponsible and uninformed." The Chinese Basketball Association, headed by the former Rockets legend Yao Ming, said it would suspend cooperation with the Rockets. Chinese state television, CCTV, as well as the Chinese company Tencent, a media partner of the NBA with a five-year streaming deal worth $1.5 billion, said they would not broadcast Rockets games.The NBA initially responded with mixed messages. It affirmed the right of individuals to "shar[e] their views on matters important to them," and NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said that, "as a values-based organization," the NBA supports Morey "in terms of his ability to exercise his freedom of expression."At the same time, it sought to distance itself from Morey's tweet, which it said, "does not represent the Rockets or the NBA." And in a Chinese-language version of its statement posted on Weibo, a Chinese social media platform, the NBA said it was "extremely disappointed" by what it called an "inappropriate" comment.Morey, in turn, deleted the tweet and issued a contrite statement: "I did not intend my tweet to cause any offense to Rockets fans and friends of mine in China. I was merely voicing one thought, based on one interpretation, of one complicated event."Then things escalated. Unhappy with this partial bowing to its censors, CCTV and Tencent announced they would suspend current broadcast arrangements for the NBA's pre-season games. With the NBA saying that 640 million Chinese watched its games during the 2017-18 season, the stakes are large.On Tuesday morning, Silver doubled down and issued a stronger statement. He said that "values of equality, respect and freedom of expression have long defined the NBAand will continue to do so." He then explained: "The NBA will not put itself in a position of regulating what players, employees and team owners say or will not say....We simply could not operate that way."Given the Chinese government's human rights record, including its banning of all independent labor unions and its politicized judicial system, companies doing business there have to be diligent to avoid complicity in human rights violations. Those that have gotten it wrong have paid a big reputational price, whether Yahoo handing over the name of a dissident who was then given a 10-year prison term, or the U.S. genetics company Thermo Fisher selling DNA sequencers to police in China while those authorities forcibly collect biodata from Uyghur Muslims and others. The NBA, too, has faced criticism for running a basketball academy in China's Xinjiang region, where Beijing has established a highly intrusive surveillance state and arbitrarily detained an estimated one million Uighur and other Turkic Muslims for forced indoctrination.But Chinese authorities have become increasingly aggressive about using China's economic might, and their ability to dictate the behavior of Chinese businesses, to impose Beijing's views overseas. In return, companies keep bowing to that pressure.Cathay Pacific airlines threatened to fire staff in Hong Kong if they supported or participated in the Hong Kong protests. Daimler apologized after its subsidiary, Mercedes Benz, quoted the Dalai Lama on social media. Marriott fired a social media manager for "liking" a tweet praising Marriott for calling Tibet a country and vowed "to ensure errors like this don't happen again."PwC disowned a statement published in a Hong Kong newspaper supporting the pro-democracy protests said to have been placed by employees of the Big Four accounting firms. Vans, an American shoe company, removed a design submitted to its annual competition that depicts Hong Kong protests. And Hollywood is increasingly censoring its films for Beijing's sensibilities, such as the removal of a Taiwan flag from Tom Cruise's bomber jacket in the sequel to "Top Gun."Meanwhile, the Chinese government is refining its tools of control, extending a new domestic social-control mechanism to companies doing business there. In 2018, Chinese aviation authorities sent letters to the major American airlines United, Delta and American, threatening to punish them by labelling them "dishonest" under China's "social credit" system if they failed to toe the Chinese Communist Party line by calling Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau part of China.This is not solely about censorship on the Chinese mainland. Rather, it is about China trying to dictate what people can say everywhere. It is about trying to force us to limit our own discourse, on pain of economic ostracization, to avoid anything that might trigger the deep insecurities of China's president, Xi Jinping.We all can play a role in helping to determine whether companies succumb to Beijing's blackmail. If consumers seek out companies that respect freedom of expression, if shareholders demand a principled response, if employees insist on businesses that uphold their values, then the economic calculations would become more complex.But ultimately companies have to decide what they stand for. The Chinese market will always seem enticing. Is there a limit to the principles that companies will sacrifice to maintain access? Do they have values above the bottom line?After a halting beginning, the NBA seems to have come down on the side of free speech. Let's hope it stays there. It undoubtedly will pay an economic price, but it won't be alone in feeling the pain. Its millions of fans in China may now be deprived of the joy of watching the world's finest basketball.Sadly, under the current government in Beijing, they won't have much say in the matter. A principled stand for free expression by companies hoping to do business in China may hasten the day when the unfettered voices of the Chinese people can be heard.Load-Date: October 10, 2019End of Document

The Impact of China-US Trade Fight and Huawei and ZTE Bans on the Global Communications Equipment Supply ChainGlobeNewswireSeptember 11, 2019 Wednesday 4:15 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTSLength: 1224 wordsBodyDublin, Sept.  11, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The     "The Impact of China-US Trade Fight and Huawei and ZTE Bans on the Global Communications Equipment Supply Chain"   report has been added to     ResearchAndMarkets.com's  offering.        To keep his campaign promise, Trump signed an executive memorandum to impose higher tariffs on Chinese goods imported into the United States in March 2018, involving large amounts and plenty of goods. In the first two rounds of tariffs, the US has imposed duties on a total of US$50 billion worth of Chinese goods, including semiconductor ICs, car parts, machinery, and equipment, including servers. And smartphones are likely to be on the list. The U.S. Department of Commerce imposed a denial order against ZTE on April 16, 2018, banning American businesses or individuals from selling high-tech components and technologies to the Chinese telecom equipment maker. Despite the ban has been expanded to Huawei, the G20 Summit seems to help ratchet down the trade fight between the US and China. This report provides a description of how this all began, a whole picture of these bans and tariffs, and how these have affected the global IT industry, especially in the communications sector; looks at some of the possible consequences if the fight continues. List of Topics• Background of the China-US trade fight and the general impact on the IT and telecom industries• Analysis of the impact on Taiwanese communications equipment manufactured in China for the smartphone, wireless broadband equipment, and fixed broadband equipment industries from the production value and major client perspectives• The implications of the China-US trade fight for the ZTE supply chain, comprising of application processors and wireless communication chips, RF components, and operating systems; the implications for ZTE's 5G ambitions• Analysis of the impact on the Apple iPhone and its supply chain and includes countermeasures and strategies of stakeholders in the short, medium, and long-term.• Analysis of the impact on the server industry in China, the US, and Taiwan, and includes countermeasures and strategies of stakeholders in the short, medium, and long-term• The reasons and political risks behind the Huawei and ZTE bans and what Huawei has done to defend its equipment security; how enterprises around the world react or have reacted to the bans, especially those in Japan, and Europe• The short, medium, and long-term development trends and the impact on the industry following the G20 SummitKey Topics Covered:          1. Preface1.1 Background1.2 Scope of Impact1.1.1 IT and Telecom Industries1.1.2 Brands and OEM/ODMs Export Goods from China to the United States2. Taiwanese Communications Products Manufacturered in China2.1 Smartphone Industry2.2.1 Production Value2.2.2 Major Clients2.3 Wireless Broadband Equipment Industry2.3.1 Production Value2.3.2 Major Clients2.4 Fixed Broadband Equipment Industry2.4.1 Production Value2.4.2 Major Clients3. The Possible Impact on the Industry3.1 Smartphone Industry3.1.1 Export Value3.1.2 Stakeholder Analysis3.2 Wireless Broadband Equipment Industry3.2.1 Export Value3.2.2 Stakeholder Analysis3.3 Fixed Broadband Equipment Industry3.3.1 Export Value3.3.2 Stakeholder Analysis4. Author's Perspective5. Preface6. Implications for the ZTE Supply Chain6.1 Application Processor and Wireless Communication Chip6.1.1 The Current Market6.1.2 Possible Places to Transfer the Orders6.2 Radio Frequency Component6.2.1 The Current Market6.2.2 Possible Places to Transfer the Orders6.3 Operating System6.3.1 The Current Market6.3.2 Possible Places to Transfer the Orders7. Implications for ZTE's 5G Ambitions7.1 The Denial Order Seeks to Stifle ZTE's Development Momentum by Barring the Use of American Software and Hardware7.1.1 The Incapability to Conduct Independent R&D for Core Chips and Components Has Become a Major Issue7.1.2 The U.S. is Determined to Cripple China's 5G Development, and the Shots are Being Fired at ZTE8. Author's Perspective9. Preface9.1 iPhone Likely to Become a Bargaining Chip in US-China Trade War10. Impact Analysis10.1 iPhone Accounts for over 42% of the Smartphone Imports in the United States10.2 Impact on Supply Chain11. Countermeasures11.1Short-term Strategy: Adjust Existing Capacity to Increase Production in Taiwan11.2 Mid-to Long-Term Strategy: Increase Production Share in South/Southeast Asia12. Author's Perspective13. Preface13.1 Conflict Intensifies as Neither Side Willing to Make Concessions14. Development of US and Chinese Server Industries14.1 US Dominance Challenged by China14.2 China's Spy Chip Incidents Ignites Network Security Concerns Worldwide15. Impact on Taiwan's Server Industry15.1 Less Impact on Taiwanese Server Industry Chain15.2 Greater Impact on Server Industry from Network Security Concerns; Some Vendors Move Production Lines out of China16. Author's Perspective16.1 US-China Relations Remain Tense in Near Future16.2 Limited Impact on Server Industry16.3 Chinese Spy Chip Scandal Speeds up Moving Production Lines outside China17. Huawei Network Equipment Banned by Several Countries and Telecoms18. Main Reasons behind Lack of Trust in Chinese Enterprises18.1 Huawei's Global Expansion Backed by Government18.2 Chinese Enterprises' Difficulty in Maintaining Independence under China's Legal System18.2.1 Chinese Government's Increased Control over Chinese Enterprises18.2.2 Chinese Government's Legitimate Rights to Conduct Intelligence through Enterprises19. Huawei Defends Equipment Security19.1 Huawei Asserts Ability to Manage its Security and Keep Independence from the Government19.2 Huawei Proposes Security Improvement Measurements to Win Trust of Western Countries20. Most Enterprise Customers Still Hold on to Huawei Equipment20.1 Huawei's Biggest Loss in the Asia Pacific is the Loss of Market Share in Japan20.2 Huawei's Market Share in Europe Remains Unaffected Except BT20.2.1 Other European Operators Still Cooperate with Huawei20.2.2 Germany Government Has Security Concerns about Huawei's Technology but Not Telecom Operators20.2.3 Huawei's 5G Product Advantages Make it Difficult for Telecom Operators to Give Up Easily21. Political Risks That Huawei May Have to Encounter in the Future21.1 Huawei Continues to Face Political Risks in the Future21.2 Governments and Operators of All Countries Have High Possibility of Expanding the Blockade21.3 ZTE Should Be Worried About the US Government Bans on All China-made Products22. Author's Perspective22.1 The Impact on Huawei's Brand Image is Greater than on Its Revenues23. G20 Summit23.1 G2's Announcements in G20 Summit23.2 US Tech Companies Sidestep Trump's Huawei Ban24. Short, Medium-, and Long-term Development Trends24.1 Short-term Development: Situation Seems to Get Better24.2 Medium-term Development: To Strengthen Ties with Non-US Suppliers24.3 Long-term Development: To Construct Homegrown Industry Chain25. Impact on the Industry26. Author's Perspective26.1 Seek Opportunities Stemming from US Companies26.2 Help China Bridge the Gap in the Industry Supply Chain26.3 Diversify Supply Chain to Reduce RisksFor more information         about this  report  visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/8se02         Research and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.      CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com          Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager          press@researchandmarkets.com          For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470          For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630          For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 Load-Date: September 12, 2019End of Document

US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firmsAssociated Press Financial WireOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 3:07 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWSLength: 444 wordsByline: By MATT O'BRIEN, AP Technology WriterBodyThe United States is blacklisting a group of Chinese tech companies that develop facial recognition and other artificial intelligence technology that the U.S. says is being used to repress China's Muslim minority groups.A move Monday by the U.S. Commerce Department puts the companies on a so-called Entity List for acting contrary to American foreign policy interests.The blacklist effectively bars U.S. firms from selling technology to the Chinese companies without government approval.Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a written statement Monday that the U.S. government "will not tolerate the brutal suppression of ethnic minorities within China."The blacklisted companies include Hikvision and Dahua, both of which are global providers of video surveillance technology.Hikvision said in a statement Monday that it respects human rights and strongly opposes the Trump administration's decision. The company said it has spent a year trying to "clarify misunderstandings about the company and address their concerns," and that this will hurt its U.S. business partners.Prominent Chinese AI firms such as Sense Time, Megvii and iFlytek are also on the list. Sense Time and Megvii are known for the development of computer vision technology that underpins facial recognition products, while iFlytek is known for its voice recognition and translation services.The companies are among 28 organizations added to the blacklist Monday. Along with the tech companies, the Commerce Department's filing targets local government agencies in China's northwestern Xinjiang region.The filing said the listed groups have been implicated in "China's campaign of repression, mass arbitrary detention, and high-technology surveillance" against Uighurs, Kazakhs and other predominantly Muslim minority groups.The Chinese embassy and several of the targeted companies didn't immediately return requests for comment Monday.The Trump administration earlier this year used the same blacklisting process to punish Huawei, the Chinese telecom giant targeted by the U.S. over national security concerns. Added to the list in June were five Chinese groups working in supercomputing.Ross said Monday's action will ensure U.S. technologies "are not used to repress defenseless minority populations."China is estimated to have detained up to 1 million Muslims in prison-like detention centers in the region. The detentions come on top of harsh travel restrictions and a massive surveillance network equipped with facial recognition technology. China has denied committing abuses in the centers and has described them as schools aimed at providing employable skills and combating extremism.Load-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firmsThe Northern Star: Northern Illinois UniversityOctober 7, 2019 MondayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: AP; Pg. 1Length: 466 wordsByline: MATT O'BRIEN AP Technology WriterBodyThe United States is blacklisting a group of Chinese tech companies that develop facial recognition and other artificial intelligence technology that the U.S. says is being used to repress China's Muslim minority groups.A move Monday by the U.S. Commerce Department puts the companies on a so-called Entity List for acting contrary to American foreign policy interests.The blacklist effectively bars U.S. firms from selling technology to the Chinese companies without government approval.Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a written statement Monday that the U.S. government "will not tolerate the brutal suppression of ethnic minorities within China."The blacklisted companies include Hikvision and Dahua, both of which are global providers of video surveillance technology.Hikvision said in a statement Monday that it respects human rights and strongly opposes the Trump administration's decision. The company said it has spent a year trying to "clarify misunderstandings about the company and address their concerns," and that this will hurt its U.S. business partners.Prominent Chinese AI firms such as Sense Time, Megvii and iFlytek are also on the list. Sense Time and Megvii are known for the development of computer vision technology that underpins facial recognition products, while iFlytek is known for its voice recognition and translation services.The companies are among 28 organizations added to the blacklist Monday. Along with the tech companies, the Commerce Department's filing targets local government agencies in China's northwestern Xinjiang region.The filing said the listed groups have been implicated in "China's campaign of repression, mass arbitrary detention, and high-technology surveillance" against Uighurs, Kazakhs and other predominantly Muslim minority groups.The Chinese embassy and several of the targeted companies didn't immediately return requests for comment Monday.The Trump administration earlier this year used the same blacklisting process to punish Huawei, the Chinese telecom giant targeted by the U.S. over national security concerns. Added to the list in June were five Chinese groups working in supercomputing.Ross said Monday's action will ensure U.S. technologies "are not used to repress defenseless minority populations."China is estimated to have detained up to 1 million Muslims in prison-like detention centers in the region. The detentions come on top of harsh travel restrictions and a massive surveillance network equipped with facial recognition technology. China has denied committing abuses in the centers and has described them as schools aimed at providing employable skills and combating extremism.Copyright 2019 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Load-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

New U.S.-China trade talks threatened by escalating tensionsUPIOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 9:36 AM ESTCopyright 2019 U.P.I. All Rights ReservedLength: 259 wordsByline: NICHOLAS SAKELARISDateline: Dec. 31 BodyChinese Vice Premier Liu He said Tuesday he will lead Beijing's delegation to attend new U.S. trade talks in Washington, D.C., this week, which come at a time of growing tensions between the feuding nations.Liu announced he will head the delegation for the high-level economic and trade consultations, scheduled for Thursday and Friday. It will be the 13th round of trade negotiations since the conflict began more than a year ago.The talks come at a time of heightened tensions. New U.S. sanctions against China are set to take effect next week and a new controversy between the Chinese government and the National Basketball Association is growing by the day.The South China Morning Post, citing an unnamed official close to the negotiations, reported Tuesday that Beijing's delegation might also cut short its U.S. trip by one day -- leaving Friday instead of Saturday. The source told the newspaper, "There's not much optimism."Prior trade discussions broke down in May after the Trump administration accused China of reneging on promises and Beijing accused Washington of infringing on its economic sovereignty.Trump said Monday China's handling of the crisis in Hong Kong could also affect the outcome of this week's talks. China has demanded the United States stay out of the affair, which has seen protests grow increasingly violent in recent weeks. Also Monday, the U.S. government blacklisted 28 Chinese public security bureaus and artificial intelligence companies over their treatment of Uygur Muslims and other ethnic groups in Xinjiang province.Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 14:00 ETBriefing.comSeptember 24, 2019 Tuesday 2:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 14518 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 24-Sep-19 14:00 ET13:54WE We Company's Board confirms co-founder Adam Neumann's decision to step back from his role as CEO; names CFO & vice chairman as co-CEOsWeWork's Artie Minson, formerly co-president and chief financial officer, and Sebastian Gunningham, formerly vice chairman, have been named co-CEOs of the company. These changes are effective immediately.13:38MYGN Myriad Genetics shares shrug off early weakness, jump 5% to one-month highs (29.10 +1.30)13:38COMDX Metals Settlement PricesDec gold settled today's session up $9.30 (0.61%) at $1540.7/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.07 lower (0.37%) at $18.62/oz Dec copper settled $0.01 lower (0.38%) at $2.6/lb13:27OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:SAN Dec 4 calls (volume: 20.5K, open int: 1.1K, implied vol: ~30%, prev day implied vol: 10%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.FL Weekly Sep27 41 calls (volume: 1930, open int: 230, implied vol: ~47%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is presenting at a Wells Fargo conference tomorrow. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 22 before the open.CSCO Nov 52.5 calls (volume: 3390, open int: 12.1K, implied vol: ~26%, prev day implied vol: 25%). Co is scheduled to present on September 22 and 23. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 13 after the close.Bearish Put Activity:CRON Sep 10 puts are seeing interest with the underlying stock and sector showing weakness (volume: 2820, open int: 780, implied vol: ~75%, prev day implied vol: 59%). Co is expected to report earnings mid-November.CTSH Weekly Sep27 60.5 puts (volume: 4980, open int: 0, implied vol: ~29%, prev day implied vol: 23%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.15, VIX: (16.89, +1.98, +13.2%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:23TALKX Market Briefing: Playing (and trading) politicsA positive start for the stock market has been upended by political undertones that have impacted market sentiment by raising the level of uncertainty on the (geo)political and trade fronts.Several headlines have attracted added attention and have been cited as an excuse for today's selling:The speech President Trump gave today before the UN General Assembly was tough-sounding with respect to China not adopting reforms expected of it after being admitted to the WTO; furthermore, the president repeated that he won't accept a bad trade deal and wants a complete trade deal with China.President Trump warned leaders at the General Assembly that they should not subsidize Iran's "blood lust" and repeated that hard-hitting economic sanctions will remain on Iran until Iran changes its ways.Politico carried an article that indicated Senator Elizabeth Warren has pulled ahead of former Vice President Biden in New Hampshire polling. The stock market is reportedly worried that business-friendly deregulation and tax-friendly policies would be rolled back in the event Senator Warren ultimately became president. [Briefing note: There is a lot of time still in front of the 2020 presidential election, so we are merely highlighting a psychological factor that can help explain why the market sees such a headline as a negative.]There is speculation swirling that House Speaker Pelosi is considering allowing impeachment proceedings in the House against President Trump in relation to reports that he allegedly violated his oath of office when he allegedly withheld military aid to Ukraine as leverage for a request to have Ukraine investigate the business dealings in the Ukraine of former Vice President Biden's son, Hunter Biden.There has been a broad-based retreat, with cyclical sectors bearing the brunt of the selling pressure. The utilities (+0.7%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors are exhibiting relative strength in a defensive-oriented trade. In turn, the Treasury market has attracted an added safe-haven bid amid the stock market pullback. The 10-yr note yield is down six basis points to 1.65%.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.7%; the S&P 500 is down 1.0%; the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.6%; and the Russell 2000 is down 1.9%. All are at their lows for the session.13:04BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.612% (When-Issued: 1.622%) Bid-to-cover: 2.64Indirect bid: 57.0% Direct bid: 15.9% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.337% Bid-to-cover: 2.56 Indirect bid: 47.0% Direct bid: 17.8%13:03SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Industrials: GE (23.26 mln -3.75%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (96.12 mln -22.81%), ROKU (24.77 mln -4.57%), F (14.22 mln -0.87%), AABA (13.78 mln -72.32%)Information Technology: AMD (43.19 mln -3.63%), BB (25.35 mln -22.37%), AAPL (15.95 mln -0.42%), NOK (15.4 mln -1.45%), SQ (13.63 mln -1.14%), CSCO (13.21 mln -0.24%)Financials: BAC (31.19 mln -2.27%), QQQ (18.26 mln -1.45%), TQQQ (14.45 mln -4.44%)Energy: MDR (31.57 mln -7.45%), CHK (29.99 mln -5.92%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (15.89 mln -1.29%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: URGN (4.33x -3.49%), AKCA (2.81x -6.18%), MDSO (2.16x -0.19%)Industrials: LXFR (2.64x -1.09%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (5.92x -22.81%), KMX (3.07x -2.52%), PLYA (2.79x -0.38%), UXIN (2.15x -18.28%)Information Technology: BB (7.2x -22.37%), ICHR (3.55x +1.74%), JBL (2.91x +4.02%)Financials: IGD (5.52x -5.42%), UCFC (3.72x -0.19%), ECC (2.34x -3.17%), FRBK (2.22x -5.1%)Consumer Staples: FDP (6.31x +16.1%), NBEV (6.25x +14.54%), PSMT (3.33x +0.23%)13:01SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: GTS (15.62 +3.6%), PODD (163.98 +3.46%)Materials: PVG (12.97 +4.26%), HMY (3.44 +4.24%), SBGL (5.6 +3.9%), MAG (12.42 +3.41%)Consumer Discretionary: MIK (9.78 +7.59%), OSTK (11.71 +4.65%), NLS (1.4 +3.7%), WYNN (111.51 +3.14%), FND (51.04 +3.11%)Information Technology: JBL (32.59 +4.02%)Financials: SQQQ (33.3 +4.43%), UVE (29.61 +3.53%)Energy: JAG (7.97 +3.37%)Consumer Staples: FDP (35.52 +16.1%), NBEV (3.19 +14.54%)Utilities: PCG (11.9 +3.12%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: LXRX (2.96 -11.9%), NEOG (66.75 -11%), ACOR (3.23 -9.92%), RCM (9.67 -9.67%), PACB (5.1 -9.25%)Materials: CC (14.7 -9.48%)Consumer Discretionary: AABA (19.6 -72.32%), NIO (2.1 -22.81%), UXIN (2.28 -18.28%)Information Technology: BB (5.83 -22.37%), JKS (18.91 -9.61%)Financials: VIRT (17.43 -9.45%)Energy: SPN (0.2 -36.24%), ESV (6.03 -10.13%), NE (1.7 -10.05%), CRK (8.19 -10%), ROAN (1.49 -9.15%), MMLP (4.35 -9%), TUSK (2.71 -8.75%)12:59WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks sliding following data, Trump UN speech, impeachment rumorsTechnology and energy stocks are leading the marker lower following a decline in consumer confidence, President Trump's UN speech, and some politically-minded speculation. The S&P 500, which was up as much as 0.5% today, is now down 1.0%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.7%) and Nasdaq Composite (-1.5%) have also given up gains and trade near session lows.Early gains in tech stocks had led the market to that higher open. Some attributed this to China buying more U.S. soybeans and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin confirming trade talks in two weeks. Sentiment has been delicate, though, and quickly turned after the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August.Stocks steadily retreated as President Trump remained tough on China at the UN General Assembly, with selling interest accelerating in recent action amid reports that Democrats may announce impeachment details later today. Those outperforming technology companies are now among today's laggards with energy stocks extending losses.Mega-cap technology stocks within the S&P 500 consumer discretionary (-1.1%) and communication services (-1.1%) sectors weigh on the market, while weakness in the semiconductor stocks drag on the information technology sector (-1.0%). The energy sector (-1.7%) is today's outright laggard as oil prices ($57.60, -$1.04, -1.8%) decline amid growth concerns.In turn, investors are assuming some defensive positioning in U.S. Treasuries and stocks within the S&P 500 utilities (+0.7%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors.The increased demand for Treasuries has extended the recent slide in yields. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.63%, and the 10-yr yield is down six basis points to 1.65%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.2% to 98.37.Netflix (NFLX 255.25, -10.63, -4.0%), which is now negative for the year, is down another 4% today. Pivotal Research Group cut its NFLX price target to $350 from $515, citing several reasons including higher content costs and competition.Reviewing today's economic data, which included the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.The FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June.The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).12:54SPY The recent leg lower in the stock market has been attributed to increased chances of impeachment proceedings coming from Democrats (295.40 -2.81)As we pointed out in out early morning reading summary this morning, The Washington Post reported last night that President Trump ordered his administration to hold aid to Ukraine prior to phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, where Mr. Trump allegedly pressured Mr. Zelensky to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden's son.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) is considering allowing impeachment proceedings against Mr. Trump and will meet with her caucus today at 16:00 ET.Growth stocks continue to come under pressure and oil is down nearly 2%.Energy XLE -1.7%, biotech XBI -2.7% and software IGV -1.7% stocks are leading to the downside while defensive oriented utilities XLU +0.8% and consumer staples XLP +0.2% stocks outperform.Nasdaq 100 QQQ -1.3%, S&P 500 SPY -0.8%, DJIA DIA -0.6%.12:49TPC Tutor Perini enters into contract amendment involving San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Central Subway project (13.79 +0.01)The co reports that it has entered into a contract amendment involving the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Central Subway project that provides for the Company to receive $31.2 million in resolution of previously unpaid amounts for the delays that the project experienced as a result of unexpected site conditions and owner-directed changes in project design. The Company has received payment of $29.7 million, which is the agreed $31.2 million amount less contractual retention as provided for in the Central Subway project contract. This payment will be included in the Company's third quarter 2019 operating cash flow.Neither the amendment nor the payment will have an impact on the Company's third quarter earnings, in light of the amount of estimated collections related to these delays on the Central Subway project previously recorded by the Company in its contract assets. The Company is continuing to negotiate additional unresolved amounts on the Central Subway project and currently anticipates that these could be concluded by the fourth quarter of 2019, although the Company cannot predict the outcome of the ongoing discussions.The Central Subway project is not one of the five resolved matters on which the Company reported in its Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 10, 2019. The Company continues to expect the near-term collection of the remaining $24 million from the resolution of those other five matters, though some or all of the remaining amount may be received after the end of the third quarter.12:24SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Fresh Del Monte Produce (FDP) gains following index change announcement -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersFDP (35.39 +15.69%): Reaches a 52-week high after being designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective September 30; co will replace Cray (CRAY) in the index upon that company's acquisition by Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE).GOGO (6.47 +7.12%): The stock, which has pulled back in recent sessions after establishing a ten-month high last Wednesday, ticked off its lows yesterday leading into the close following favorable commentary out of William Blair.OSTK (11.89 +6.25%): Sees continued volatility after dropping by circa 25% yesterday and circa 43% over the past week. Co filed a Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock as part of the execution of co's previously announced dividend.Small Cap LosersUXIN (2.29 -17.92%): Continued weakness on above average volume following the release of co's Q2 earnings report yesterday. With today's fall, the stock moves to one-month lows.LXRX (2.9 -13.69%): Continued volatility; the stock continues to pull back following last week's +52% move higher. Biotech stocks trend generally lower.SNDL (5.95 -11.19%): The stock, which made its IPO at the beginning of August, moves to an all-time low amid widespread underperformance in the broader cannabis space. (Related: CTST, HEXO...)11:44BB BlackBerry shares decline 20% to multi-year lows after the company missed consensus on the top line and lowered its FY20 revenue outlook (6.00 -1.51)The company's second quarter total company non-GAAP revenue increased 22% yr/yr to $261 mln, arriving short of consensus estimates. GAAP revenue increased 16% yr/yr to $244 mln. The company now estimates that its FY20 total company non-GAAP revenue growth will land within a range of 23-25%. While this guidance is in-line with consensus, it represents a reduction at the mid-point from the company's outlook as issued during its first quarter report in June, when it expected total company non-GAAP revenue to grow between 23-27%.Today's move pulls the stock's year-to-date performance back into negative territory and brings the stock to levels not touched since 2015.11:41SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (71) outpacing new lows (27) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ACGL, ACRE, AEE, AEP, ALL, ATAX, ATO, AUDC, AXS, BLD, BZH, CACI, CDE, CELG, CIM, CIO, CMS, CNA, CPT, D, DLTR, DTE, DUK, ED, EIX, ENTG, ES, ETR, EVRG, FE, FND, FR, GPI, HALL, HELE, ICHR, IDA, JBL, JCI, KBH, KKR, KLAC, KSU, LEN, LHX, LNT, MAA, MDT, MDU, MHO, MPW, MTH, NEE, NFE, NTRA, NWE, OGE, OGS, OHI, PEG, PG, PHM, RE, RNR, SEDG, SO, SUI, TERP, THG, TYL, WMTStocks that traded to 52 week lows: BTU, CHWY, CLVS, EIGI, EZPW, FDX, FLDM, FTCH, FVRR, HCC, INVA, IRBT, KLXE, LVGO, LYFT, MYOV, NESR, PRQR, SNDL, SRPT, SSTI, TEUM, TPB, URGN, WMGI, WORK, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: CLCT, CWCO, LOOP, MGEE, OTTR, UEIC, WSBFThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CRNX, ELOX, FULC, KALV, MANUETFs that traded to 52 week highs: ITB, PALL, PFF, TAN, XLU11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.516% Bid-to-cover: 2.60 Indirect bid: 47.1% Direct bid: 20.4% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.337% Bid-to-cover: 2.56 Indirect bid: 47.0% Direct bid: 17.8%11:22MJ ETFMG Alternative Harvest ETF (-3%) falls to multi-year low as cannabis stocks continue to come under pressure (22.32 -0.67)IIPR -7.99% CTST -7.12% GTBIF -5.88% ACRGF -5.68% TRPX -5.47% CRON -5.51% TGODF -5.20% CWBHF -5.20% PYX -5.44% NTEC -5.00% CRLBF -4.70% VVCIF -4.57% GGBXF -4.24% ACB -3.77% CGC -3.83% IGC -3.57% TLRY -3.76% SPRWF -3.43% APHA -3.31% MMNFF -3.03% KERN -3.00% OGI -2.87% CURLF -2.74%The sector peaked as a sell the news response to recreational legalization in Canada played out one year ago. Since then, most cannabis stocks have failed to live up to elevated expectations created by lofty valuations. Most have struggled to turn a profit. More recently, a market rotation into value and out of growth as well as public push back regarding vaping have weighed on the sector.11:18SDC SmileDirectClub underperforming as shares fall as much as 9% to fresh post-IPO lows (16.43 -0.72)11:02LVGO Livongo Health leading software stocks lower as the froth continues to come out of growth stocks (20.00 -2.49)LVGO -11.16% PD -8.56% ROKU -6.15% LYFT -5.14% HCAT -4.97% CRWD -4.80% SCWX -4.86% TLRA -4.91% ESTC -3.65% SHOP -3.74% TTD -3.87% PS -3.75% UBER -3.64% SPOT -3.40% TWLO -3.31% TLND -3.28% ZUO -3.27% ETSY -3.12% DOCU -2.93% FVRR -3.22% OKTA -2.77% MDB -2.89% ASUR -2.67% PINS -2.56% DOMO -2.43% WIX -2.57%10:36URGN UroGen Pharma reports positive data from UGN-101 OLYMPUS Pivotal Trial in LG UTUC and UGN-102 Phase 2b OPTIMA II Trial in LG Bladder Cancer (31.80 -1.33)Results from a final analysis of the primary endpoint for pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS showed that investigational UGN-101 (mitomycin gel) for instillation demonstrated a 59 percent CR rate in patients with LG UTUC. Findings were consistent with previously presented results. The final analysis of the primary endpoint showed that in the OLYMPUS intent-to-treat population, 42 of the 71 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR. Forty-one patients entered follow-up, which is still ongoing. Durability of response was determined by Kaplan-Meier to be 89 percent at 6 months and 84 percent at 12 months after primary disease evaluation (PDE). The estimated median time-to-recurrence was 13.0 months. Thirty four of the 71 patients treated in the study were initially characterized by the treating physician as having endoscopically unresectable tumor at baseline. Twenty of 34 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR at the PDE assessment and 12-month durability was identical for this subgroup. The Company also presented interim results from the Phase 2b OPTIMA II trial of investigational UGN-102 (mitomycin gel) for intravesical instillation for patients with intermediate risk LG NMIBC, defined as those with one or two of the following criteria: multifocal disease, large tumors and rapid rates of recurrence. The single-arm, open label study trial recently completed enrollment of 62 patients at clinical sites across the U.S. and Israel. Patients are treated with six weekly instillations of UGN-102 and undergo assessment of CR (the primary endpoint) four to six weeks following the last instillation. In an interim cohort of 32 patients, 63 percent (20/32) achieved a CR. CR at PDE was 63% (20/32). In the interim data from OPTIMA II, the most common adverse events observed were dysuria, pollakiuria, fatigue, hematuria and urinary tract infection. The majority of these treatment-emergent adverse events were characterized as mild or moderate and transient.10:33SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence below expectations in AugustEconomic Data Summary:July FHFA Housing Price Index 0.4% (June was 0.2%)July S&P Case Schiller Home Price Index 2.0% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%; June was revised to 2.2% from 2.1% August Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs Briefing.com consensus of 134.0; July was 135.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -0.1%) August New Home Sales due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 659K; July was 635K)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be at 13:00 ET$40 bln in 2 year Treasury notes -- Tuesday$41 bln in 5 year Treasury notes -- Wednesday$32 bln in 7 year Treasury notes -- ThursdayOther International Events of Interest:China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.10:33TALKX Market Briefing: Disappointing data and tough talk from president curbs early buying interestAn early rally effort has lost some steam on the back of two headline catalysts:A weaker than expected Consumer Confidence report for September, which was compressed by rising angst over tariffs and trade tension and which included the softest reading for the Expectations Index since December 2018.President Trump taking a tough line in a UN speech on China's lack of compliance with WTO standards and reiterating that he is seeking a complete trade deal with China. The president has also sounded a tough stance on Iran.The pullback has been fairly orderly and most sectors are still showing modest gains, but the good trade vibes that reportedly helped boost the market at the open have been tempered.On a related note, the Treasury market has seen a pickup in buying interest after the confidence data and amid the president's speech, which is continuing at this time. the 10-yr note yield is down four basis points to 1.67%.The S&P 500 is up 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.2%; the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.1%; and the Russell 2000 is down 0.6%.10:31OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:FL Weekly Sep27 41 calls are seeing interest with 1880 contracts trading vs. open int of 230, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~43%. Co is presenting at a Wells Fargo conference tomorrow. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 22 before the open.Puts:CTSH Weekly Sep27 60.5 puts are seeing interest with 2430 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~26%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Stocks seeing volatility selling:AZO, NIO implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.03, VIX: (14.96, +0.05, +0.3%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:03ECONX September Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs 134.0 Briefing.com consensus09:57ACOR Acorda Therapeutics announces that the European Commission has granted Marketing Authorization for Inbrija 33 mg inhalation powder, hard capsules (3.58 0.00)The Marketing Authorization approves Inbrija for use in the 28 countries of the European Union, as well as Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. The Company had previously received a positive opinion recommending Inbrija's approval by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) on July 26, 2019.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Tech leads market to higher openThe stock market begins the day on a higher note, helped by strength in the technology stocks. The S&P 500 is up 0.4%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.5%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows ten of the 11 sectors trading higher, led by information technology (+0.8%) and consumer discretionary (+0.6%). Apple (AAPL 221.65, +2.97, +1.3%) provides solid leadership in the tech sector. The energy sector (-0.4%) is the lone holdout amid lower oil prices ($58.06/bbl, -$0.56, -1.0%).U.S. Treasuries have ticked higher, pushing yields slightly lower. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.66%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.69%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.56.09:37SCANX Earnings/guidance moversJBL +6.61% KMX +2.50% AZO +0.80% BGCP +0.72% RCM +0.65% WU +0.22%NIO -19.30% BB -18.64% NEOG -9.20% MANU -2.67% INFO -0.81%09:30HII Huntington Ingalls may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion (30.32 )09:28WIRES On The WiresANGI Homeservices (ANGI) announced a partnership for their brands HomeAdvisor and Handy with Nextdoor, the world's largest social network for the neighborhood. With this new partnership, homeowners on Nextdoor will now have the option to find and book one of HomeAdvisor and Handy's vetted local home service professionals when they are searching for local service recommendations. The feature will be available in all of Nextdoor's US neighborhoods.Minerva Neurosciences (NERV) and Catalent (CTLT) entered into a long-term commercial supply agreement for Roluperidone (MIN-101), an investigational compound under development by Minerva for the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Under the terms of the agreement, Catalent will manufacture and package the finished dose form of the drug at its facility in Schorndorf, Germany.Novartis AG's (NVS) Sandoz is voluntarily recalling all quantities and lots within expiry of Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules in the US to the consumer level because of confirmed contamination with N-Nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA) above levels established by the FDA in batches of Sandoz Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules. To date, Sandoz has not received any reports of adverse events related to use of the product as part of this recall.First Solar (FSLR) announced that it will supply more than 1.7 gigawatts (GW)DC of its high-performance Series 6 photovoltaic modules to utility-scale renewable energy developer Intersect Power as part of a multiyear supply agreement. Deliveries will commence in the fourth quarter of 2020 and will continue until the end of 2021.Harley-Davidson (HOG) is strengthening its efforts to build the next generation of riders. Harley-Davidson has sharpened its objectives through 2027 to better align with its expanded efforts to build committed riders. In the US, the company plans to expand to 4 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US through 2027. There were about 3 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US in 2017. This objective reflects the company's broader efforts to attract new riders and also retain riders each year. Outside the US, the company has sharpened its objective through 2027 and plans to grow international business to 50% of annual revenue.09:13WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +11.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +32.10.Wall Street is on pace to open higher as the S&P 500 futures trade 11 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.Apple (AAPL 220.73, +2.01, +1.0%) is up 1% in pre-market action after the stock was transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies. CarMax (KMX 90.30, +3.40, +3.9%) is up nicely after the company beat top and bottom-line estimates.In trade news, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without retaliatory tariffs. Soybeans are unlikely to take the market back to all-time highs, especially since being in the news repeatedly, but the development is encouraging to hear.Released earlier, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).09:02ECONX July FHFA Housing Index M/M +0.4%, Prior +0.2%09:02UROV Urovant Sciences announces 'positive' data from the Phase 3 trial of its investigational drug candidate vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder (10.10 )Highlights from the double-blind extension of the Phase 3 EMPOWUR study include:Vibegron further improved treatment benefit on key OAB symptoms (micturitions, UUI, urgency, and total incontinence) over the 40-week extension period.61% of patients on vibegron achieved at least a 75% reduction in their daily urge urinary incontinence episodes from baseline at week 52.41% of patients on vibegron became "dry," defined as having no urge urinary incontinence episodes at week 52.Vibegron demonstrated a favorable long-term safety and tolerability profile consistent with previous clinical experience.Urovant intends to file a New Drug Application (NDA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by early 2020.09:01ECONX July S&P Case Shiller Index +2.0% yr/yr vs +2.3% Briefing.com consensus09:01ENZ Enzo Biochem receives NY State approval for its AmpiProbe HBV viral load monitoring assay for Hepatitis B virus based on the Enzo assay's performance versus an FDA-approved comparator product (3.49 )08:59NEOG Neogen misses by $0.02, misses on revs (75.00 )Reports Q1 (Aug) earnings of $0.28 per share, $0.02 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.30; revenues rose 1.8% year/year to $101.42 mln vs the $105.16 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Our first quarter did not meet the overall performance expectations that we have for ourselves. Even considering the difficult international business climate created by the continuing strong U.S. dollar and the U.S. trade issues with China and elsewhere, we must work to produce better results," said John Adent, Neogen's president and chief executive officer. "We were, however, pleased with the continued strength of our genomics business, and we are continuing to build upon our core strengths to return to our historic growth rates, while also expanding our capabilities.08:56DNR Denbury Resources comments on impact of Tropical Storm Imelda (1.30 )The co announced that due to power outages and flooding associated with Tropical Storm Imelda, certain of the Company's producing fields around the Houston area (primarily Oyster Bayou and Conroe Fields), representing approximately 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOE/d), have experienced downtime since September 19, 2019. While no significant damage has been reported at any of the fields, the Company estimates that production in these fields could remain curtailed for several more days and expects that full production should be restored by September 28, 2019. Based on the best available information, the Company currently estimates that third quarter 2019 production will be negatively impacted by 400 to 800 BOE/d due to this storm.08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +9.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +28.60.The S&P 500 futures trade ten points, or 0.3%, above fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%Major European indices trade mixed. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.1% Germany's DAX: -0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.4% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.1% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.3%08:48GTS Triple-S Management announces market update on reserves from Hurricanes Irma and Mara; remains comfortable with level of reserves as of September 23 (15.08 )Two years after Hurricanes Irma and Mara, the company and its P&C subsidiary, Triple-S Propiedad Inc., remain comfortable with the subsidiary's reserves previously established as of June 30, 2019 for hurricane-related claims.In light of Hurricane Maria's second anniversary on September 20, the company is updating the market with respect to relevant claim numbers. Specifically, Triple-S Propiedad has paid $687.8 mln in claims related to Maria, resolving 96% of the 17,746 total claims received as of September 23, 2019. Total claims previously stood at 17,736 as of June 30, 2019. Of the 10 new claims received in the third quarter of 2019, only 3 have been received during the month of September. Of the 745 claims that remain open, the company is involved in litigation in a total of 230 cases, including 48 cases filed after June 30, 2019.08:47IIVI II-VI completes acquisition of Finisar (FNSR), not providing updated guidance for its first quarter at this time (36.98 )In the quarter end earnings call in early November, the company will provide more details to Finisar's contributions to the first quarter.08:39WIRES On The WiresBioLife Solutions, Inc. (BLFS), announced a co-investment accelerator program with Casdin Capital, targeting early stage companies that are developing novel cell and gene therapy bioproduction tools. BioLife and Casdin will each invest, subject to completion of certain closing conditions, $1.5 million in privately held Sexton Biotechnologies a recent spinout of Cook Regentec, in exchange for an 18% ownership stake for each of BioLife and Casdin. BioLife and Casdin Capital also each invested $1 million in the form of convertible debt in iVexSol, a private startup company based in Boston.Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation (ADPT) announced a partnership with Illumina (ILMN) to develop in-vitro diagnostic (IVD) test kits for Adaptive's current and future portfolio of next-generation sequencing (NGS)-based immunodiagnostics.Soliton (SOLY) announced that it has surpassed 75% of the required patients to be treated in its pivotal cellulite trial.Ocular Therapeutix (OCUL) announced that it has dosed the first patients in its Phase 3 clinical trial of DEXTENZA for the treatment of symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis (AC). AC refers to inflammation of the conjunctiva of the eye caused by an allergic reaction -- generally from airborne allergens -- that affects approximately 70 million people in the United States and results in itching and burning of the eyes.Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) announced the Company aims to serve over one billion annual active consumers and achieve over RMB10 trillion in annual gross merchandise volume ("GMV") through its China consumer business by the end of fiscal 2024.Fluidigm Corporation (FLDM) announced that it has launched seven new cadmium metal labeling kits for use with mass cytometry. The newly available cadmium isotopes comprise 106Cd, 110Cd, 111Cd, 112Cd, 113Cd, 114Cd and 116Cd. Developed to meet increasing demand for larger panels to interrogate the immunome, cancer and other complex diseases, these new metal labels will enable researchers to easily expand mass cytometry panels to advance translational and clinical research.08:32HSII Heidrick & Struggles acquires 2GET; terms not disclosed (27.82 )2GET is a premier executive search firm in Brazil and one of the largest search firms in the country.08:28WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.10.The S&P 500 futures trade 13 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.In central bank news, China said it will avoid a "massive stimulus" and is not planning on cutting interest rates, according to the Associated Press. The Bank of Japan said that while it has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates.The Fed's next policy meeting will be Oct. 29-30. Many Fed officials are expected to speak Wednesday-Friday this week.08:15OSTK Overstock.com files Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock (OSTKO) as part of the execution of the company's previously announced dividend (11.19 )This filing represents an initial step in the company's registration of the OSTKO dividend, and the company is engaged in active discussions with regulatory authorities to obtain approval of the registration.08:08JBL Jabil beats by $0.01, reports revs in-line; guides Q1 EPS in-line, revs in-line (31.33 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $0.88 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.87; revenues rose 13.9% year/year to $6.57 bln vs the $6.63 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for Q1, sees EPS of $0.82-1.04, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $0.93 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees Q1 revs of $6.65-7.35 bln vs. $7.01 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As part of a two-year capital allocation framework, Jabil's Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $600 mln in Company common stock.08:08SUMRX Gapping up/down: KMX +4% after earnings, WYNN +3% and DIS +1% after upgrades; BB -11%, INFO -1% and MANU -1% after earnings, CLVS -3% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:07WIRES On The WiresT2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO), announced that the T2Resistance Panel is the first diagnostic to graduate from CARB-X's portfolio. The graduation marks an important milestone on the path toward approval for use on patients in hospitals in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere around the globe.Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TAK) announced that the New England Journal of Medicine has published results of a Phase 2, randomised, 12-week, open-label study of TAK-620 (maribavir), an investigational, orally bioavailable antiviral compound being evaluated in patients with cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection after undergoing hematopoietic cell transplant or solid organ transplant. CMV is a beta herpes virus that, in patients with compromised immunity, including organ or stem cell transplant recipients, causes clinically challenging complications that can be fatal.Foundation Medicine, Inc. and Natera, Inc. (NTRA) announced a partnership to develop and commercialize personalized circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) monitoring assays, for use by biopharmaceutical and clinical customers who order FoundationOneCDx. The initial focus of the partnership will be to enable ctDNA monitoring in biopharmaceutical trials in 2020 to establish the clinical utility for these novel assays. Following these studies, a monitoring product will be made available to clinical customers. The agreement provides for approximately $13 million in upfront licensing fees and prepaid revenues payable to Natera, and up to approximately $32 million in minimum annual payments and payments tied to Natera's achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and commercial milestones.Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (AVDL) announced pharmacokinetic (PK) data for FT218 from four Phase 1 studies comparing 4.5g and 6g of once-nightly FT218 to 4.5g and 6g of twice-nightly sodium oxybate, evaluating the food effect of FT218, as well as determining the dose proportionality of FT218. The data will be included in an oral presentation by leading sleep expert, Dr. Michael Thorpy, Director of the Sleep-Wake Disorders Center at the Montefiore Medical Center, which is titled, "The Pharmacokinetics of once-nightly controlled-release sodium oxybate (FT218): Overview of results from four Phase 1 Studies," at the World Sleep 2019 Congress on Thursday, September 25th, in Vancouver, Canada.PJT Partners (PJT) and Nasdaq (NDAQ) announced an agreement to provide enhanced execution capabilities for general partner-sponsored secondary transactions built on world-class advisory services and industry-leading technology.08:06RCM R1 RCM announces CFO Christopher Ricaurte resignation and lowers FY 19 revs guidance (10.70 )Ricaurte's resignation is for personal reasons and is in no way related to R1's business performance, financial reporting, or controls, where the Company has built a best-in-class finance function. The Company will conduct a search process to identify a permanent CFO.Board of Directors has appointed Richard B. Evans, Jr., Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as interim Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately.The Company is raising its full year 2019 GAAP operating income guidance to $55 million to $70 million and adjusted EBITDA guidance to $165 million to $170 million.R1 expects 2019 revenue of between $1,175 million and $1,200 million vs $1.22 bln (previous guidance of $1.15-1.25 bln)08:05SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryRally PausesU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near their closing levels from yesterday. Treasury futures saw some selling after yesterday's cash close, but the weakness was not very pronounced. As a result, the market spent the overnight session in a narrow, sideways, range while equity markets in Asia and Europe also showed limited movement. Treasury futures approached their pre-market highs in recent trade with longer tenors showing some slight strength. Today's session will feature a $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.59. Yield Check: 2-yr: +1 bp to 1.68% 3-yr: +2 bps to 1.61% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.58% 10-yr: UNCH at 1.71% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.15%News: U.S. Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said that trade discussions with China's Vice Premier, Liu He, will take place during first full week of October. China reportedly granted new waivers allowing companies to purchase tariff-free soybeans from the U.S. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up. Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI decreased to 48.9 (expected 49.5) from 49.3 while flash Services PMI dipped to 52.8 from 53.3. July Leading Index ticked up to 93.7 (expected 93.6) from 93.6. South Korea's August PPI increased 0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%) but fell 0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%). The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index rose to 94.6 (expected 94.5) from 94.3. September Current Assessment increased to 98.5 (expected 97.0) from 97.4 while Business Expectations decreased to 90.8 (expected 91.8) from 91.3. U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing totaled GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders fell to -28 (expected -14) from -13. France's September Business Survey dipped to 102 from 103, as expected. Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.0% to $58.09/bbl Gold: -0.2% to $1527.80/ozt Copper: +0.2% to $2.617/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.1001 GBP/USD: +0.4% to 1.2476 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1043 USD/JPY: +0.1% to 107.66 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: July FHFA Housing Price Index (prior 0.2%) and July S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%; prior 2.1%) 10:00 ET: September Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 134.0; prior 135.1) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results08:03SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)08:03CBPO China Biologic Products' Board has formed a special committee to review and evaluate the previously announced preliminary non-binding 'going private' Sept 18 proposal (114.91 )08:02ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics receives FDA fast track designation to ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (5.93 )Aldeyra expects to initiate its adaptive Phase 3 GUARD Trial of ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (PVR) in the fourth quarter of 2019. The trial will compare recurrence rates of PVR-related retinal detachment across patients treated with ADX-2191 or standard of care following surgical repair of retinal detachment.08:02WU Western Union provides three-year financial targets, including an approx. 23% operating margin by 2022 and a low double-digit EPS CAGR through 2022, compared to 2019 adj. EPS (22.40 )Over 2020-2022, the company expects to generate more than $3 bln of operating cash flow and to return approx. $2.5-3 bln to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.The company also affirmed its full-year financial outlook for 2019, which was previously provided on August 1, 2019.08:02MDLA Medallia acquires Zingle for approximately $42 mln in cash (30.31 )"Zingle offers frictionless transactions in real-time. Customers can request products and services in-the-moment as they experience a trip, a stay or a purchase. Zingle is mobile enabled and accessible anywhere at any time. With Zingle and Medallia, our customers can transact and provide feedback across the entire customer journey, as it happens," said Leslie Stretch, President & CEO.07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 14 points, or 0.5%, above fair value in a relatively quiet pre-market session. Futures, like global stocks, haven't shown much conviction today, although some positive-sounding trade news has aided investor sentiment.Specifically, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without being subject to retaliatory tariffs, according to Bloomberg. In addition, some Chinese companies reportedly bought at least 20 cargoes on Monday.The encouraging news, coupled with an understanding that the U.S. economy remains resilient and monetary policy remains favorable, has presumably contributed to today's positive bias.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for July and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%) at 9:00 a.m. ET, followed by the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.68%, and the 10-yr yield is unchanged at 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.60. WTI crude is down 0.9%, or $0.54, to $58.10/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:CarMax (KMX 89.33, +2.43): +2.8% after beating top and bottom-line estimates.AutoZone (AZO 1148.61, +1.35): +0.1% after providing mixed results. AutoZone missed earnings estimates but beat revenue estimates.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Japan's Nikkei +0.1%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.2%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex UNCH South Korea's Kospi +0.5%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.1%.In economic data:Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6)South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)In news:Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect.China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. STOXX Europe 600 +0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 +0.3%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.2%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3)U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13)France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)In news:The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced.The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%.Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.07:51STNG Scorpio Tankers to establish 'at the market' offering program pursuant to which the Company may sell up to $100 mln of its common shares (28.08 )07:46STNG Scorpio Tankers to acquire subsidiaries of Trafigura Maritime Logistics for an aggregate value of $803 mln, announces $50 mln private placement at $29.00/share (28.08 )The acquisition of the leasehold interest in the Vessels includes a finance lease arrangement (see description below) with a financial institution under a bareboat contract arrangement. The aggregate value of the Vessels is $803 million, and after the assumption of the present value of the finance lease arrangement of approximately $668 million, the Company will issue approximately 4.7 million shares at $29.00 per share to Trafigura for an aggregate market value of approximately $135 million. The above-mentioned shares will be subject to a customary lock-up through December 31, 2019.The Company also announced today private placements with Trafigura for $35 million and Scorpio Services Holding Ltd., a related party, for $15 million for an aggregate of $50 million or 1,724,137 shares at $29.00 per share.07:31UNVR Univar Solutions prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share (21.86 )07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +0.1%, FTSE -0.1%, CAC +0.3%Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.3% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: +0.3% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.2% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.4%---FX---EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.0992 GBP/USD: +0.2% to 1.2457 USD/CHF: -0.1% to 0.989007:26S&P futures vs fair value: +14.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +43.80.07:16WIRES On The WiresRTI Surgical Holdings, Inc. (RTIX), announced the full commercial launch of the CervAlign Anterior Cervical Plate System to add to the growth of its Established Therapies spine portfolio.Moody's Corporation (MCO) announced that it has named Robert Fauber, currently President of Moody's Investors Service, to the new role of Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Moody's Corporation.Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNST) announced that the Company has dosed the first patient in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of CPI-0209.Provention Bio, Inc., (PRVB), reiterated its regulatory strategy regarding PRV-031 (teplizumab) for the prevention or delay of clinical type 1 diabetes (T1D) in individuals at-risk of developing the disease. Based on written communications from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and FDA's designation of PRV-031 as a breakthrough therapy, the Company believes that existing clinical and non-clinical data for PRV-031 will be sufficient to support a Biologics License Application (BLA) submission for PRV-031 in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the at-risk indication. The Company expects to meet with the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2019 to discuss this expedited development plan.The Ivy Brain Tumor Center at Barrow Neurological Institute, announced a new collaboration with QED Therapeutics, Inc., a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., (BBIO) to investigate the FGFR1-3 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, infigratinib, for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM). With the goal of addressing unmet medical needs for those affected by malignant brain cancer, this collaboration will focus on targeting FGFR (fibroblast growth factor receptor) genetic alterations that have been shown to spur growth in malignant tumors.07:04BB BlackBerry beats by $0.01, misses on revs; guides FY20 revs in-line (7.51 )Reports Q2 (Aug) net of breakeven, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of ($0.01); revenues rose 16.2% year/year to $244 mln vs the $267.91 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees FY20 revs of +23-25% yr/yr to $1.13-1.15 bln vs. $1.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Management ChangeWith its focus on long-term, sustainable growth, BlackBerry announces that Steve Capelli will move into the newly-created role of Chief Revenue Officer to drive revenue-generating and business development activities across the company. BlackBerry promotes Steve Rai from Deputy Chief Financial Officer to Chief Financial Officer. These changes take effect as of October 1, 2019.07:04SASR Sandy Spring Banc to acquire Revere Bank for $460.7 mln (35.33 )Under the terms of the agreement, Revere shareholders will receive 1.05 shares of Sandy Spring common stock for each share of Revere common stock. The transaction, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020, has a value of $460.7 million in the aggregate, based on Sandy Spring's closing price of $35.33 on September 23, 2019. Upon closing, Sandy Spring shareholders will own approximately 74% of the combined company and Revere shareholders will own approximately 26% of the combined company.07:01CSII Cardiovascular Systems announces FDA PMA approval of the new ViperWire Advance Coronary Guide Wire with Flex Tip (50.03 )07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +0.1%, Hang Seng +0.2%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%---FX---USD/JPY: +0.2% to 107.71 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1046 USD/INR: +0.3% to 70.9906:59SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:JAG +10.1%, FDP +9.4%, ZEAL +6%, GME +2.4%, LGF.A +2%, DIS +0.8%, MMSI +0.8%Gapping down:VSI -11.4%, NIO -8.5%, UNVR -3.3%, VER -2.7%, PDD -2.3%, PLMR -2%, BUD -1.1%, INFO -0.6%06:58WIRES On The WiresAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) and Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. announced that Alibaba Group has received a newly-issued 33% equity interest in Ant Financial following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the 2014 transaction agreements and the relevant amendments to those agreements.Dassault Systmes SE (DASTY) and Medidata Solutions, Inc. (MDSO) announced that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) will initiate an additional 45 calendar day examination for the proposed acquisition of Medidata by Dassault Systmes. The parties continue to target the fourth quarter of 2019 for the closing of the merger.Turning Point Brands, Inc. (TPB), announced that Thomas F. Helms, Jr. retires as the non-executive Chairman of the Board and director of the company after 31 years of service. There were no disagreements between Mr. Helms and TPB.New Age Beverages Corporation (NBEV) announced the approval by the Japanese Narcotics Control Division and the Japanese Ministry of Health for New Age's CBD products in Japan and the company's subsequent launch into the market effective immediately.McDermott International, Inc. (MDR) announced that it was awarded a sizeable front-end engineering design (FEED) contract by POSCO INTERNATIONAL Corporation for the Shwe Phase 3 gas field development, located offshore Myanmar. McDermott defines a sizeable contract as between USD $1 million and USD $50 million.06:58S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +39.10.06:58European MarketsFTSE...7317.99...-8.10...-0.10%. DAX...12344.17...+1.80...+0.00%.06:58Asian MarketsNikkei...22099...+19.80...+0.10%. Hang Seng...26281...+58.60...+0.20%.06:58AZO AutoZone misses by $0.84, beats on revs (1147.26 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $20.95 per share, $0.84 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $21.79; revenues rose 12.1% year/year to $3.99 bln vs the $3.93 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Domestic same store sales, or sales for stores open at least one year, increased 3.0% for the quarter. Same store sales are computed on a 16-week basis.06:56FLR Fluor announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share (20.70 )As a result of the strategic review, the company concluded that the divestitures of select businesses will simultaneously improve the financial stability of the company and allow the remaining businesses to refocus on engineering, construction and maintenance services in core markets. The company is initiating plans to sell its construction equipment rental company (AMECO) and its government business, and to monetize surplus real estate and non-core investments. Fluor anticipates these actions to generate in excess of $1 billion in aggregate proceeds. In addition, the company plans to reduce its quarterly dividend to $0.10 per share beginning with the next quarterly dividend declaration.The results of the operational review led to key leadership changes, the development of improved pursuit criteria and a new organizational structure. The company will shift to a model in which business groups have direct control over the functions that support operations. These actions are expected to improve the speed of decision making and drive greater accountability within the businesses. As a result of these and other changes, the company anticipates overhead reductions of $100 million.Consistent with the board's commitment to strong governance with focused oversight of risk, the board recently elected Thomas Leppert and David Constable as new board members. Leppert and Constable both bring significant capital project experience to the board. The board also formed a Commercial Strategies & Operational Risk committee that will be chaired by David Constable. The purpose of the committee is to provide guidance to management with respect to the company's commercial strategies and provide oversight of the company's project-related risk governance framework and risk appetite.The co also announced that Peter Fluor, the company's current lead independent director, will not stand for re-election at the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders. In connection with this announcement, Peter Fluor has also stepped down as the chairman of the organization and compensation committee.06:56KMX CarMax beats by $0.07, beats on revs; comps +3.2% (86.90 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $1.40 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.33; revenues rose 9.1% year/year to $5.2 bln vs the $5.06 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Total used vehicle unit sales increased 6.2%, including a 3.2% increase in comparable store used unit sales compared with the prior year's second quarter. The comparable store sales performance reflected strong conversion and solid growth in web traffic. Total wholesale vehicle unit sales increased 4.7% compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2019, largely driven by an increase in our appraisal buy rate, partially offset by lower appraisal traffic.06:32SWTX SpringWorks Therapeutics: European Commission grants orphan drug designation for nirogacestat for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma (27.82 )SpringWorks is currently enrolling patients in the Phase 3 DeFi trial of nirogacestat for the treatment of adult patients with progressing desmoid tumors, which are a type of soft-tissue tumors that are often treated by sarcoma specialists. Desmoid tumors are rare and often debilitating and disfiguring, and can aggressively invade surrounding healthy tissues and cause significant morbidities, including severe pain, internal bleeding, incapacitating loss of range of motion, and, in rare cases, death.It is estimated that 1,000 to 1,500 new desmoid tumor patients are diagnosed each year in the United States.06:19KMPR Kemper announces that Anastasios Omiridis has joined the company as deputy CFO and principal accounting officer reporting to Kemper CFO James McKinney (157.71 )Previously, Omiridis served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Chubb Life, a segment of Chubb (CB).06:13NIO NIO misses by RMB 1.24, beats on revs; guides Q3 revs below two analyst estimate; implements comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures, cancels conference call (2.72 )Reports Q2 (Jun) loss of RMB 3.11 per share, excluding non-recurring items, RMB 1.24 worse than the single analyst estimate of (RMB 1.87); revenues rose 3180.2% year/year to RMB 1.51 bln vs the RMB 1.21 bln two analyst estimate.Deliveries of the ES8 were 3,140 in the second quarter of 2019, compared with 3,989 vehicles delivered in the first quarter of 2019. Deliveries of the ES6 reached 413 in the second quarter of 2019."In response to the overall tempered market conditions, we are also working hard to maximize returns on our resources and have implemented comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures across the organization. These measures aim to further improve efficiency and streamline operations within our sales and service network and R&D activities. We target to reduce our global headcount to be around 7,800 by the end of the third quarter from over 9,900 in January 2019, and aim to further pursue a leaner operation through additional restructuring and spinning off some non-core businesses by year end" Balance of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investment was RMB3,455.6 million (US$503.4 million) as of June 30, 2019.Co issues downside guidance for Q3, sees Q3 revs of RMB 1.59-1.66 bln vs. RMB 4.3 bln two analyst estimate; sees deliveries between 4,200 and 4,400 units, representing an increase of approximately 18.2% to 23.8% from the second quarter of 2019The co also announced that it will not hold its previously scheduled second quarter 2019 earnings conference call at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time today, Tuesday, September 24, 2019 (8:00 p.m. Beijing Time on September 24, 2019).06:13WIRES On The WiresCabot (CBT) announced the grand opening of its newest fumed silica manufacturing facility, located in Wuhai, Inner Mongolia, China. The state-of-the-art manufacturing site adds approximately 8,000 metric tons of annual fumed silica capacity to Cabot's global network and will serve the rapidly growing fumed silica market in China. With the opening of this facility, Cabot builds on its leadership position and becomes the largest provider of fumed silica in the Chinese market.NI (NATI) announced the S.E.A. C-V2X Open Loop Test System, leveraging 5G wireless cellular technology to provide high bandwidth and low latency communication for Vehicle-to-Vehicle and Vehicle-to-Infrastructure communications.06:11VER VEREIT upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $779 mln (9.73 )06:04INFO IHS Markit beats by $0.04, misses on revs; reaffirms FY19 EPS guidance, lowers FY19 revs below consensus (66.92 )Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.67 per share, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.63; revenues rose 11.1% year/year to $1.11 bln vs the $1.12 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co lowers guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $2.52-2.57 vs. $2.57 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $4.40-4.42 bln vs. $4.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus, and down from prior guidance of $4.43-4.50 bln.06:01TOT Total S.A. Board of Directors decides to accelerate dividend growth with a guidance of increasing the dividend by 5 to 6% per year (53.67 )Co reviewed the outlook for the Group through 2025. Total is demonstrating its ability to maintain a sustainable pre-dividend breakeven below 30 $/b and a solid financial position with a gearing objective below 20%. The Group also reaffirms its strong discipline on investment and cost.Delivering on its strategy for sustainable and profitable growth in oil and gas activities as well as investing in growing energy markets, notably LNG and low-carbon electricity, provide stronger visibility on the future of the Group.06:01BUD Anheuser-Busch InBev prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share (96.34 )The Company has also partially exercised an offer size adjustment option, issuing an additional 189,354,000 shares for a total of 1,451,704,000 shares to cover market demand. The initial public offering is also subject to an over-allotment option of up to 217,755,000 additional shares at the same offer price. Subject to customary closing conditions, the shares are expected to begin trading on 30 September 2019 on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited under the stock code 1876.06:00ZEAL Zealand Pharma announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes (25.52 )The primary result demonstrated that the median time to blood glucose recovery was 10 minutes for dasiglucagon, which was superior to placebo (median: 30 min; p<0.001). The median time to recovery for GlucaGen was 10 minutes. Overall, no safety concerns were raised for dasiglucagon within the trial. Nausea and vomiting were reported with dasiglucagon in both age groups (6-11 years; nausea: 25% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 92% and vomiting: 67%). For GlucaGen (6-11 years; nausea: 50% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 17% and vomiting: 0%).06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets trade modestly higher overnightThe global equity markets outside of the US are off to a modestly higher start to the day, while the US has seen a sharp rebound that has gotten the S&P Futures back above the 3000 mark. It's unclear what the driving force is but there was a small positive in trade tensions after China's central government announced it would allow companies to purchase soybeans from the US tariff free. Spoos are trading about nine points higher to 3006 with a high of 3012.25 and a low of 3007.75.In Asia, both China and Japan closed up marginally. The small concession made by the Chinese government surrounding soybean purchases may have helped buoy the Shanghai. Japanese traders returned to their trading desks following a holiday weekend only to witness a lackluster day with the Nikkei closing up 0.1%. The yen was slightly lower against the dollar, lending mild support to equities.In Europe, the major bourses are mixed. The overall net changes are small and markets have been in a relatively tight trading range. After dismal PMI readings on Monday, Germany saw a relief with a slightly better than expected business confidence survey. The September IFO came in at 94.6, a tick higher than the expectation of 94.5 and up from 94.3 in August.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: +13.010 yr Note: 1.72%USD/JPY: 107.77 +0.23EUR/USD: 1.0998 +0.0005Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX +0.2% CAC +0.3%Asia: Hang Seng +0.2% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +0.1%Gold (1528.20 -3.30) Silver (18.67 -0.05) Crude (58.05 -0.59)17:23RILY B. Riley Financial files for $250 mln mixed securities shelf offering (25.10 +0.16)17:07HWC Hancock Whitney approved an increase and extension of its previously announced common stock buyback program (38.58 +0.16)The original authorization, approved in May 2018 for up to 5% of shares outstanding, or approximately 4.3 million shares, was set to expire December 31, 2019. Today's action increases the authorization to 5.5 million shares (which equates to approximately $212 million based on today's closing price) with a new expiration date of December 31, 2020.17:06VSI Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group (7.22 0.00)As previously disclosed on September 9, 2019, the co received an acquisition proposal to acquire the Company from a third party (the "Bidder") during the "go-shop" period contemplated by the terms of the previously announced merger agreement by and among the Company, Franchise Group and Valor Acquisition. On September 23, 2019, in light of the failure of the Bidder to obtain committed financing, the co determined to cease negotiations with the Bidder as of such date. Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has changed its recommendation in favor of the Company's pending merger with Franchise Group and each expressly reaffirms its recommendation in favor of the pending merger with Franchise Group.17:03UNVR Univar Solutions announces sale of 11,594,268 shares of common stock by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (21.86 -0.14)Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities propose initially to offer the shares of common stock to the public at a fixed price. After the offering, the public offering price or any other term of the offering may be changed. CD&R will receive all of the net proceeds from this offering representing the conclusion of a 9-year investment in Univar Solutions.17:02NKTR Nektar Therapeutics announces acceptance of abstract for presentation at the 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference (19.93 -0.23)New data from a cohort of patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer who were enrolled in the PIVOT-02 study will be presented at the upcoming 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference, which is being held from September 25-28 at the Espace Grand Arche de la Defense in Paris. The PIVOT-02 study is evaluating bempegaldesleukin (bempeg, NKTR-214) in combination with nivolumab in a range of advanced and/or metastatic solid tumor settings.16:56PDD Pinduoduo announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024 (33.82 -0.26)The company plans to use proceeds to enhance and expand its business operations, for research and development, to continue to invest in and develop its technology infrastructure, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.16:52BANC Banc of California entered into Memorandum of Understanding to settle litigation (14.23 -0.11)On September 16, 2019, co entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the lead plaintiff to settle class action lawsuits that were previously consolidated in the United District Court for the Central District of California. Under the terms of the MOU, the co's insurance carriers would pay $19.75 million, which would be distributed to shareholders who purchased stock between April 15, 2016 and January 20, 2017, after payment of attorney's fees and costs. The co would not be required to contribute any cash to the settlement payments. Pursuant to the settlement, the action against the company would be dismissed with prejudice. Plaintiff would also dismiss its claims against the former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Steven Sugarman. While the co does not believe the plaintiff's claims are meritorious, the Company believes that ending the costs and distraction of the litigation is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.16:39EXPR Express promotes COO Matthew Moellering to President and COO (2.74 +0.02)16:23WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 finished flat on Monday in a mixed, and tight-ranged, session. Disappointing flash manufacturing PMI readings out of the eurozone kept many buyers sidelined, but encouraging manufacturing activity in the U.S. helped abate early selling pressure. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.1%), and Russell 2000 (-0.1%) finished little changed.The session began on a lower note, largely in response to those weaker-than-expected PMI readings overseas. Most notably, Germany's flash PMI for September fell deeper into contraction territory to its lowest reading (41.4) since 2009. The good news was that the Markit's flash manufacturing PMI reading for the U.S. increased to 51.1 from 50.3, reflecting the continued resiliency of the U.S. economy.The S&P 500 was down just 0.3% at its session low and crossed into positive territory as soon as European markets closed for trading at 11:30 a.m. ET. The broader market maintained this positive disposition throughout the afternoon but faded into the close.Most S&P 500 sectors finished within 0.3% of their unchanged marks. The consumer staples sector (+0.4%) outperformed the broader market, while the health care (-0.6%) and communication services (-0.4%) sectors underperformed.Apple (AAPL 218.72, +0.99, +0.5%) and most stocks within the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+1.0%) showed relative strength throughout the day. The semiconductor space bounced back from Friday's decline following reports indicating that officials from the U.S. and China described last week's trade talks as "productive" and "constructive," respectively.In corporate news, American Express (AXP 118.25, +1.45, +1.2%) announced a 120 million share repurchase program and increased its quarterly dividend 10%. Lululemon athletica (LULU 195.18, +5.88, +3.1) rose 3% after the stock was initiated with an Overweight rating at Piper Jaffray.The U.S. Treasury market reflected some lingering growth concerns as increased demand pushed yields lower. The 2-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.67%, and the 10-yr yield declined six basis points to 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.1% to 98.62. WTI crude rose 1.0%, or $0.60, to $58.64/bbl.Investors did not receive any notable economic data on Monday. Looking ahead, investors will receive the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +12.3% YTDS&P 500 +19.3% YTDRussell 2000 +15.6% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.5% YTD16:22VER VEREIT announces public offering of 71.0 mln shares of common stock (9.73 -0.07)The company intends to use proceeds to pay amounts owed in connection with the settlement of certain litigation and for general corporate purposes.16:20MTDR Matador Resources announces receipt of six Bureau of Land Management drilling permits in western Antelope Ridge asset area (17.31 +0.28)The company had anticipated receipt of these permits late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2019. Matador is also pleased to announce that it has initiated drilling operations on these wells, which Matador will refer to as the "Rodney Robinson" wells.The 1,200 gross and net acre Rodney Robinson tract is one of the key tracts Matador acquired in the BLM New Mexico Oil and Gas Lease Sale in September 2018. Matador anticipates drilling these first six wells, all two-mile laterals, from two separate three-well pads. These wells are currently scheduled to be completed and turned to sales late in the first quarter of 2020. Pending approval and receipt of additional drilling permits from the BLM, Matador also believes it is on track to begin operations in early 2020 on its Stateline asset area, including 2,800 gross and net acres acquired as part of the BLM Acquisition, in which case Matador intends to move two of its operated drilling rigs to the Stateline asset area to initiate a multi-year drilling program there.16:20RIG Transocean relinquishes interests in Samsung Heavy drillships under construction (5.83 +0.01)Upon relinquishment of the Drillships, Transocean's indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries will not make further payments to SHI under the construction contracts. The total estimated future costs associated with the delivery and placing the Drillships into service would have been approximately $1.1 billion, which includes future payments to SHI under the construction contracts and costs related to spares, materials and supplies, and to the commissioning and mobilization of the rigs. The construction contracts are not guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. or any of its affiliates.16:19CDMO Avid Bioservices' Board voted to accelerate the expiration of the Stockholder Rights Plan (poison pill) (5.77 -0.19)The action of the Board of Directors accelerated the expiration date of the Company's current Stockholder Rights Plan to September 23, 2019. The rights plan had been originally due to expire on March 16, 2021. In taking this action, the Board reserved the right to take any future action that it determines in the exercise of its fiduciary duties to be necessary or advisable in order to protect the interests of stockholders.16:17IBP Installed Building Products acquires Northeast Spray Insulation and Minnesota Spray-Foam Insulation; terms not disclosed (59.22 -0.12)Northeast provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services, as well as thermal barrier services for residential single- and multi-family customers throughout Maine and New Hampshire. Founded in 2001, Northeast has annual revenue of approx. $3.6 mln. MSI provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services to residential customers throughout Minnesota. Founded in 2001, MSI has annual revenue of approx. $1.6 mln.16:17POWL Powell Inds CEO Brett Cope to assume role of Chairman after Thomas Powell elected to step down as Chairman (38.95 -0.26)In recognition of Mr. Powell's longstanding service and contributions, the Board designated Mr. Powell as Chairman Emeritus of the Board. Mr. Powell intends to continue actively serving as a director on the Board. The Company also announced today that, in connection with Mr. Powell's transition to Chairman Emeritus, the Board elected Brett A. Cope as its new Chairman of the Board as of September 16, 2019.16:11BGCP BGC Partners confirms it is "comfortable" with the mid-point of Q3 range of its previously stated outlook for revenues and pre-tax adjusted earnings (5.59 +0.09)Prior Q3 Guidance: adj earnings of $80-95 mln, revs $490-530 mln (vs $510 mln consensus)16:07PLMR Palomar Holdings launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders (38.01 +0.07)Selling stockholders include affiliates of of Genstar Capital and certain directors and officers of the company. The selling stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from the offering.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 24, 2019End of Document

The real threat from China isn't "spy trains"CNN.comSeptember 20, 2019 Friday 6:27 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: OPINIONSLength: 809 wordsByline: Opinion by Bruce SchneierBodyThe trade war with China has reached a new industry: subway cars. Congress is considering legislation that would prevent the world's largest train maker, the Chinese-owned CRRC Corporation, from competing on new contracts in the United States.Part of the reasoning behind this legislation is economic, and stems from worries about Chinese industries undercutting the competition and dominating key global industries. But another part involves fears about national security. News articles talk about "spy trains," and the possibility that the train cars might surreptitiously monitor their passengers' faces, movements, conversations or phone calls.This is a complicated topic. There is definitely a national security risk in buying computer infrastructure from a country you don't trust. That's why there is so much worry about Chinese-made equipment for the new 5G wireless networks.It's also why the United States has blocked the cybersecurity company Kaspersky from selling its Russian-made antivirus products to US government agencies. Meanwhile, the chairman of China's technology giant Huawei has pointed to NSA spying disclosed by Edward Snowden as a reason to mistrust US technology companies.The reason these threats are so real is that it's not difficult to hide surveillance or control infrastructure in computer components, and if they're not turned on, they're very difficult to find.Like every other piece of modern machinery, modern train cars are filled with computers, and while it's certainly possible to produce a subway car with enough surveillance apparatus to turn it into a "spy train," in practice it doesn't make much sense. The risk of discovery is too great, and the payoff would be too low. Like the United States, China is more likely to try to get data from the US communications infrastructure, or from the large internet companies that already collect data on our every move as part of their business model.While it's unlikely that China would bother spying on commuters using subway cars, it would be much less surprising if a tech company offered free internet on subways in exchange for surveillance and data collection. Or if the NSA used those corporate systems for their own surveillance purposes (just as the agency has spied on in-flight cell phone calls, according to an investigation by the Intercept and Le Monde, citing documents provided by Edward Snowden). That's an easier, and more fruitful, attack path.We have credible reports that the Chinese hacked Gmail around 2010, and there are ongoing concerns about both censorship and surveillance by the Chinese social-networking company TikTok. (TikTok's parent company has told the Washington Post that the app doesn't send American users' info back to Beijing, and that the Chinese government does not influence the app's use in the United States.)Even so, these examples illustrate an important point: there's no escaping the technology of inevitable surveillance. You have little choice but to rely on the companies that build your computers and write your software, whether in your smartphones, your 5G wireless infrastructure, or your subway cars. And those systems are so complicated that they can be secretly programmed to operate against your interests.Last year, Le Monde reported that the Chinese government bugged the computer network of the headquarters of the African Union in Addis Ababa. China had built and outfitted the organization's new headquarters as a foreign aid gift, reportedly secretly configuring the network to send copies of confidential data to Shanghai every night between 2012 and 2017. China denied having done so, of course.If there's any lesson from all of this, it's that everybody spies using the internet. The United States does it. Our allies do it. Our enemies do it. Many countries do it to each other, with their success largely dependent on how sophisticated their tech industries are.China dominates the subway car manufacturing industry because of its low prices ? the same reason it dominates the 5G hardware industry. Whether these low prices are because the companies are more efficient than their competitors or because they're being unfairly subsidized by the Chinese government is a matter to be determined at trade negotiations.Finally, Americans must understand that higher prices are an inevitable result of banning cheaper tech products from China.We might willingly pay the higher prices because we want domestic control of our telecommunications infrastructure. We might willingly pay more because of some protectionist belief that global trade is somehow bad. But we need to make these decisions to protect ourselves deliberately and rationally, recognizing both the risks and the costs. And while I'm worried about our 5G infrastructure built using Chinese hardware, I'm not worried about our subway cars.Load-Date: September 22, 2019End of Document

FBI extends fight against Chinese intellectual theft at U.S. universitiesCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 7, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1890 wordsBody       "China: the risk to academine": an FBI pamphlet warning about activities linked to the threat of economic espionageWhen the United States warned its allies around the world that Chinese tech giant Huawei was a security threat, it was not the only warning underway about Beijing's progress. In parallel, the FBI was doing the same quietly with a Midwestern university.In an email addressed to the university of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign's research associate vice-chancellor, an agent wanted to know if administrators believed Huawei had stolen any intellectual property from the school. The agent assumed the answer would be no, but still felt compelled to ask. It wasn't a random consultation.The FBI has been reaching colleges and universities across the country to try to stop what U.S. authorities describe as the wholesale theft of technology and trade secrets by researchers, organized by China. The breadth and intensity of the campaign emerges in the emails AP obtained through applications for registrations from public universities in 50 states. The messages underscore the extent of America's concern that universities, such as foreign talent recruiters and cutting-edge research incubators, are particularly vulnerable targets.FBI agents have lectured at seminars, briefed administrators at campus meetings, and distributed pamphlets with warnings about the theft of trade secrets. In the past two years, they have requested emails from two researchers at the University of Washington, asked Oklahoma State University if it has scientists in specific areas, and requested updates on the "possible wrong use" of research funds by a professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder, show the messages.Emails show that most administrators accept FBI warnings and request briefings for themselves and others. But they also reveal that some struggle to balance legitimate national security concerns with their own eagerness to avoid stifling research or tarnish legitimate scientists. The Justice Department says it appreciates that shooting and claims it only wants to help universities separate the relatively few researchers involved in the theft from the majority who are not.Senior FBI officials explained that they are not encouraging schools to monitor investigators by nationality, but to take steps to protect the investigation and monitor suspicious behavior. They consider briefings to be vital because they say that universities, accustomed to fostering international and collaborative environments, have historically not been as vigilant to security as they should be."When we go to universities, what we're trying to do is highlight the risk they run without deterring them from welcoming researchers and students from a country like China," Deputy Attorney General John Demers, the main Justice Department's national security official.src"https://www.infobae.com/new-resizer/r0xztAQYOjuhqX0DvC6xGpBNCuU-/arc-anglerfish-arc2-prod-infobae.s3.amazonaws.com/public/AX54VJ2M3VHQDICNLLXI5N4ZTA.jpg"The effort comes amid a deteriorating U.S.-China relationship, and as the trade war launched by President Donald Trump contributes to market turbulence and fears of a global economic slowdown. U.S. officials have long accused China of stealing trade secrets from U.S. corporations to develop its economy, accusations Beijing denies. "Existentially, we see China as our greatest threat from an intelligence standpoint, and in the last decade they have managed to steal our best and brightest technology," said William Evanina, the government's top counterintelligence officer United States.The FBI's effort coincides with restrictions imposed by other federal agencies, including the Pentagon and the Department of Energy, that fund college research grants. The National Institutes of Health has sent dozens of letters in the past year warning schools of researchers who believe they may have concealed subsidies received from China, or improperly shared confidential information Research. The Justice Department last year launched an initiative called the China Initiative to identify and focus resources on priority trade secrets cases.Although concerns about espionage are not new (federal prosecutors accused five Chinese military hackers in 2014) FBI officials report an increase in attacks on universities and more u.S. attention as a result. The FBI says it has seen some progress in universities, and an official says schools are putting more pressure on researchers on external funding sources.Demers, a Justice Department official, said the approach reflects how espionage efforts are more ubiquitous and have more resources than ever before. "It's a serious problem today on college campuses."The threat, officials say, is more than theoretical. In the last two months alone, a university of Kansas researcher was accused of collecting money from federal scholarships while working full-time for a Chinese university; a Chinese government employee was arrested in a visa fraud scheme that the Justice Department says was aimed at recruiting U.S. research talent; and a university professor in Texas was charged in a commercial secrecy case related to circuit board technology.This year's most important case focused not on a university, but on Huawei, accused in January of stealing corporate trade secrets and evading sanctions. The company denies doing anything wrong. Several universities, including the University of Illinois, which received the FBI email last February, have begun to break ties with the tech giant.The University of Minnesota did the same, and one administrator assured the FBI in May that the issues raised by a best practice letter that an agent sent "certainly have been talking issues (and occasionally even action) in our hallways for a while." But the Justice Department's record has not been perfect, which has led some to think that concerns are exaggerated. In 2015, federal prosecutors dropped the charges against a Temple University professor who had been accused of sharing designs for a pocket heater with China. The professor, Xiaoxing Xi, issuing the FBl. "It was totally wrong," he said, "so I can only speak from my experience that whatever they put in there is not necessarily true."Xiaoxing Xi, a professor who was accused of espionage before all charges are filed (AFP)Richard Wood, the then interim manager at the University of New Mexico, conveyed ambivalence in an email to his colleagues last year. He wrote that he took seriously the national security concerns that the FBI identified in briefings, but also remained "deeply committed to traditional academic standards regarding the free exchange of scientific knowledge, whenever appropriate, a tradition that has been the basis of international scientific progress for several centuries.""There are real tensions between these two realities, and there are no simple solutions," he wrote. "I don't think it would be prudent to create a new 'policy' on the ground so complex and full of internal compensation between legitimate concerns and values without a real dialogue on the subject."An associate vice-chancellor at the University of Colorado spoke negatively in January on how to handle an agent's request for a meeting, sending an email to his colleagues saying that the request to discuss the university's research it felt like an "investigation" and a "fishing expedition" more than on previous occasions. Another administrator responded that the FBI presumably wanted to discuss intellectual property theft.FBI officials say they have consistently received positive feedback from universities, and emails show that many administrators request briefings, campus visits or express their desire for cooperation. A Washington State University administrator connected an FBI agent with his counterpart at the University of Idaho. The University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill requested a briefing last February with an administrator, saying that "we would like to understand more about the role of the FBI and how we can associate." A University of Nebraska official invited an agent to make a presentation as part of broader on-campus training.Kevin Gamache, director of research security at The Texas A&M; University System, said he values his interactions with the FBI and that communication is bidirectional. The FBI shares threat information and administrators educate law enforcement about the realities of university research. "There is no magic pill, " said Gamache. "It's a dialogue that has to be continuous."The vice president of research and economic development at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, hailed assistance in a city she called the "birthplace of atomic tests.""We have a world-class radiochemistry faculty, our Engineering Faculty has a significant number of teachers and students from China, and we have several other topics that concern me. In all these cases, the FBI is always available to help," said the administrator, Mary Croughan, who sent an email to the agents.The AP filed requests for public records for correspondence between the FBI and investigating officials at more than 50 schools. Among the results was, including seminar itineraries and aFBI pamphlet warning that China "does not follow the same rules of academic integrity" as those observed by Us institutions. The paper, titled "China: Risk to Academy," says Beijing is using "non-traditional collectors" like postdoctoral researchers to gather information and that programs to promote collaboration are being exploited International.Universities become another battlefront between world powers (Reuters) (Kevin Lamarque/)Some extension activities are more general, such as an agent's offer to inform New Mexico State University about "how the FBI can best serve and protect." But other emails show agents seeking advice or following clues. "If you have concerns about any faculty or researchers graduates, students, third-party vendors... almost anything we've discussed before - just reminding you that I'm here to help," one of them wrote to Iowa State University.In May, an agent sent a request for public email records from two researchers to Washington University, seeking references to Chinese government talent recruitment programs that the United States sees with suspicion. A university spokesman said the school has not investigated either teacher.Last year, an agent who warned of a "hostile international effort trend at U.S. universities" asked Oklahoma State University if it had researchers in encryption research or quantum computing. The University of Colorado received a request from the FBI about an "internal investigation" into a professor's "possible misuse" of NIH funds. The school said it did not find any misconduct involving the teacher, who has resigned. Other emails show that schools respond internally to government concerns.In the state of Mississippi, an administrator concerned about Iranian cyberattacks on universities and government reports on foreign influence suggested to his colleagues that the school examine the demographics of postgraduate school applicants . "You have to be careful that U.S. law on discrimination is not violated, but where is the limit set when it comes to protecting against known foreign states that are cybercriminals?(With AP information)Load-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

Noise Threatens to Derail U.S.-China Trade SummitUSNEWS.comOctober 10, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 U.S. News & World Report All Rights ReservedSection: CIVIC; Economy; Vol.; No.Length: 1211 wordsByline: Andrew SoergelHighlight: Tensions have escalated in recent days between the U.S. and China as trade officials attempt to break their ongoing impasse.BodyU.S. and Chinese officials on Thursday will attempt to drown out the persistent, escalating noise of diplomatic threats, visa restrictions and an international incident involving Houston's professional basketball team as trade representatives meet in Washington for what analysts hoped would be a quiet, productive series of discussions. In some sense, the negotiations couldn't come at a worse time. Chinese officials -- already struggling to manage heated pro-democracy protests in the semi-autonomous region of Hong Kong -- have made efforts in recent days to distance themselves from the National Basketball Association and the            Houston Rockets, in particular, after Houston's general manager tweeted support for Hong Kong's ongoing protests. [READ:Hong Kong Sees Another Weekend of Violent Protests]Days prior, Chinese streaming websites removed legally accessible clips, episodes and discussion forums of the American cartoon comedy " South Park" after the satirical show took aim at the Chinese government. Although neither the NBA nor the creators of "South Park" speak for the U.S. government, tensions have escalated in more formal channels. Just this week, days before China's senior trade delegation planned to travel to Washington, the U.S. government announced plans to add 28 Chinese businesses and organizations to a trade blacklist over their alleged role in human rights abuses in China's Xinjiang region. "Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse -- in the last 24 hours, we've had salvo after salvo," Taimur Baig, managing director and chief economist at DBS Bank, said Wednesday during an appearance on CNBC's " Street Signs." "Look, it's clear that the trust between the Americans and the Chinese has evaporated." Reports also surfaced that the U.S. and China each planned to restrict visas on the other. And The South China Morning Post reported earlier in the week that China's trade delegation was planning to cut short its trip to the U.S. without much optimism for a deal. "It's easy to get distracted by all of the other noise and important issues that are being raised in the context of the broader U.S.-China relationship," Myron Brilliant, executive vice president and head of international affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said during a call with reporters on Thursday morning. He added that the trade talks are important enough that they need to stand "on their own merit," though he acknowledged that some of "the timing is unfortunate." "It's important that the trade teams focus on the trade issues," he said. [READ:Study: Trump's Tweets Move the Investment Markets]Adding to the tension that is expected to be in the room during negotiations is the fact that the U.S. is just days away from ramping up tariffs on more than $200 billion of Chinese imports. President Donald Trump last month announced plans to delay the tariffs to mid-October in a move he described as a gesture of goodwill -- though they also heighten the pressure on negotiators to make progress at this meeting or face more trade turmoil as a consequence. "In isolation, all of these things can be justified on various terms. But taken in totality on the week that trade talks were supposed to resume, the timing could not be worse," Baig said. "The potential loss of face for the Chinese is massive. I cannot imagine anyone rationally expecting a constructive outcome out of this. This can only go bad." And yet, despite the noise, Brilliant is among several analysts who has expressed reason for optimism heading into Thursday's discussions. Although Trump's team widened its Chinese corporate blacklist earlier in the week, reports surfaced Wednesday night that the U.S. government will allow companies to sell certain items to China's Huawei telecommunications company. Trump also announced plans to meet with Chinese Vice Premier Liu He on Friday, which has widely been interpreted as a sign of America's commitment to striking some sort of accord. Reports have also suggested the U.S. and China might be willing to agree to an initial skinny deal -- scrapping a few tariffs and making commitments to a few industrial or agricultural purchases and agreeing to address some of the thornier issues down the road. [MORE:Protectionism, Trade Uncertainty Are Biggest Threat to Economy, Analysts Say]"The Chinese side signaled that they are still open to strike a partial deal that would include agricultural purchases should the U.S. hold back on additional tariffs, despite (this week's) surprising diplomatic skirmish between the two countries," Ken Berman, founder and strategist at Gorilla Trades, wrote in a research note Wednesday. Indeed, a school of thought has emerged among some analysts that a partial deal would be politically expeditious for most of the major parties involved in the negotiations, even if little substance backed up such an accord. Trump's administration could bring home a trade win and bolster investment markets in the midst of an impeachment discussion in Washington. As a result of a skinny deal, Trump could potentially reduce tariffs -- which would represent a boon for U.S. and Chinese companies and consumers. "There is hope here that some progress will be made. We won't get the big agreement this week," Brilliant said, though he sees this week as an opportunity that "leads to something bigger." China, on the other hand, would have one less fire to put out as it deals with rebellion in Hong Kong that it hopes will not spread to Taiwan -- another region that has historically sought independence from China. [READ:Unemployment Lowest Since 1960s as Employers Add 136K Jobs]"I think it's made (a deal) more likely, because China is facing a lot of significant issues," Steve Schwarzman, CEO, chairman and co-founder of Blackstone Group, said Tuesday at an event hosted by The Washington Post, referencing the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. Schwarzman went on to note that managing the Hong Kong protests effectively falls into the "super important category" of priorities for China "in terms of the Taiwanese watching what's going on in Hong Kong." Brilliant warned, however, that tariff de-escalation is a significant topic of conversation in his dealings with Chinese officials and American businesses. He said the Chinese delegation wants to come to an agreement, but it will be a tougher sell unless the U.S. backs off of previously levied duties on Chinese goods. "As we see the two sides work to make genuine headway, I think it's also clear we have to see the punitive tariffs eliminated as part of any final agreement," Brilliant said. "From our standpoint, both sides have been losing, and so has the global economy." Andrew Soergel is a senior writer covering economics for U.S. News & World Report. He joined the company in 2014 as an intern in the News section, and began covering the economy, trade, and workforce and labor issues full-time in 2015. He previously wrote for the Washington and Lee University Law Alumni Magazine, and was an intern with The Roanoke Times and WPXI-TV. He is a 2019 Economics of Aging and Work Fellow of AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. Follow him on Twitter, connect with him on            LinkedIn or email him at asoergel@usnews.com.Graphic Picture, Chinese and American trade officials convened in Washington this week in an effort to break their negotiating impasse., (China OUT/AFP/Getty Images)Load-Date: October 11, 2019End of Document

US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theftAssociated Press State & LocalOctober 7, 2019 Monday 2:59 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: STATE AND REGIONAL; Only on APLength: 1803 wordsByline: By ERIC TUCKER, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - As the U.S. warned allies around the world that Chinese tech giant Huawei was a security threat, the FBI was making the same point quietly to a Midwestern university.In an email to the associate vice chancellor for research at the University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, an agent wanted to know if administrators believed Huawei had stolen any intellectual property from the school.Told no, the agent responded: "I assumed those would be your answers, but I had to ask."It was no random query.The FBI has been reaching out to colleges and universities across the country as it tries to stem what American authorities portray as the wholesale theft of technology and trade secrets by researchers tapped by China. The breadth and intensity of the campaign emerges in emails The Associated Press obtained through records requests to public universities in 50 states. The emails underscore the extent of U.S. concerns that universities, as recruiters of foreign talent and incubators of cutting-edge research, are particularly vulnerable targets.Agents have lectured at seminars, briefed administrators in campus meetings and distributed pamphlets with cautionary tales of trade secret theft. In the past two years, they've requested the emails of two University of Washington researchers, asked Oklahoma State University if it has scientists in specific areas and sought updates about "possible misuse" of research funds by a University of Colorado Boulder professor, the messages show.The emails show administrators mostly embracing FBI warnings, requesting briefings for themselves and others. But they also reveal some struggling to balance legitimate national security concerns against their own eagerness to avoid stifling research or tarnishing legitimate scientists. The Justice Department says it appreciates that push-pull and wants only to help universities separate the relatively few researchers engaged in theft from the majority who are not.Senior FBI officials told AP they're not encouraging schools to monitor researchers by nationality but instead to take steps to protect research and to watch for suspicious behavior. They consider the briefings vital because they say universities, accustomed to fostering international and collaborative environments, haven't historically been as attentive to security as they should be."When we go to the universities, what we're trying to do is highlight the risk to them without discouraging them from welcoming the researchers and students from a country like China," Assistant Attorney General John Demers, the Justice Department's top national security official, said in an interview.The effort comes amid a deteriorating relationship between the U.S. and China and as a trade war launched by President Donald Trump contributes to stock market turbulence and fears of a global economic slowdown. American officials have long accused China of stealing trade secrets from U.S. corporations to develop their economy, allegations Beijing denies."Existentially, we look at China as our greatest threat from an intelligence perspective, and they succeeded significantly in the last decade from stealing our best and brightest technology," said William Evanina, the U.S. government's chief counterintelligence official.The FBI's effort coincides with restrictions put in place by other federal agencies, including the Pentagon and Energy Department, that fund university research grants. The National Institutes of Health has sent dozens of letters in the past year warning schools of researchers it believes may have concealed grants received from China, or improperly shared confidential research information. The Justice Department launched last year an effort called the China Initiative aimed at identifying priority trade secret cases and focusing resources on them.The threat, officials say, is more than theoretical.In the past two months alone, a University of Kansas researcher was charged with collecting federal grant money while working full time for a Chinese university; a Chinese government employee was arrested in a visa fraud scheme that the Justice Department says was aimed at recruiting U.S. research talent; and a university professor in Texas was accused in a trade secret case involving circuit board technology.The most consequential case this year centered not on a university but on Huawei, charged in January with stealing corporate trade secrets and evading sanctions. The company denies wrongdoing. Several universities including the University of Illinois, which received the FBI email last February, have since begun severing ties with Huawei.The University of Minnesota did the same, with an administrator reassuring the FBI in an email last May that issues raised by a best practices letter an agent forwarded "have certainly been topics of conversation (and occasionally even action) in our halls for a while now."But the Justice Department's track record hasn't been perfect, leading to pushback from some that the concerns are overstated.Federal prosecutors in 2015 dropped charges against a Temple University professor who'd been accused of sharing designs for a pocket heater with China. The professor, Xiaoxing Xi, is suing the FBI. "It was totally wrong," he said, "so I can only speak from my experience that whatever they put out there is not necessarily true."Richard Wood, the then-interim provost at the University of New Mexico, conveyed ambivalence in an email to colleagues last year. He wrote that he took seriously the national security concerns the FBI identified in briefings, but also remained "deeply committed to traditional academic norms regarding the free exchange of scientific knowledge wherever appropriate - a tradition that has been the basis of international scientific progress for several centuries."There are real tensions between these two realities, and no simple solutions," he wrote. "I do not think we would be wise to create new 'policy' on terrain this complex and fraught with internal trade-offs between legitimate concerns and values without some real dialogue on the matter."A University of Colorado associate vice chancellor equivocated in January on how to handle an agent's request for a meeting, emailing colleagues that the request to discuss university research felt "probing" and like "more of a fishing expedition" than past occasions. Another administrator replied that the FBI presumably wanted to discuss intellectual property theft, calling it "bright on their radar."FBI officials say they've received consistently positive feedback from universities, and the emails do show many administrators requesting briefings, campus visits, or expressing eagerness for cooperation. A Washington State University administrator connected an FBI agent with his counterpart at the University of Idaho. The University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill requested a briefing last February with an administrator, saying "we would like to understand more about the role of the FBI and how we can partner together." A University of Nebraska official invited an agent to make a presentation as part of broader campus training.Kevin Gamache, chief research security officer for the Texas A&M University system, told AP he values his FBI interactions and that the communication goes both ways. The FBI shares threat information and administrators educate law enforcement about the realities of university research."There's no magic pill," Gamache said. "It's a dialogue that has to be ongoing."The University of Nevada, Las Vegas vice president for research and economic development welcomed the assistance in a city she called the "birthplace of atomic testing. "We have a world-class radiochemistry faculty, our College of Engineering has significant numbers of faculty and students from China, and we have several other issues of concern to me as VPR. In all of these cases, the FBI is always available to help," the administrator, Mary Croughan, emailed agents.The AP submitted public records requests for correspondence between the FBI and research officials at more than 50 schools.More than two dozen produced records, including seminar itineraries and an FBI pamphlet warning that China does "not play by the same rules of academic integrity" as American institutions observe. The document, titled "China: The Risk to Academia," says Beijing is using "non-traditional collectors" like post-doctoral researchers to collect intelligence and that programs intended to promote international collaboration are being exploited.Some outreach is more general, like an agent's offer to brief New Mexico State University on "how the FBI can best serve and protect."But other emails show agents seeking tips or following leads."If you have concerns about any faculty or graduate researchers, students, outside vendors ... pretty much anything we previously discussed - just reminding you that I am here to help," one wrote to Iowa State.In May, an agent sent the University of Washington a public records request for emails of two researchers, seeking references to Chinese-government talent recruitment programs the U.S. views with suspicion. A university spokesman said the school hasn't investigated either professor.Last year, an agent warning of a "trend of international hostile collection efforts at US universities" asked Oklahoma State University if it had researchers in encryption research or quantum computing.The University of Colorado received an FBI request about an "internal investigation" into a professor's "possible misuse" of NIH funding. The school said it found no misconduct involving the professor, who has resigned.Other emails show schools responding internally to government concerns.At Mississippi State, an administrator concerned about Iranian cyberattacks on colleges and government reports on foreign influence suggested to colleagues the school scrutinize graduate school applicants' demographics. "Have to be careful so U.S. law is not violated re discrimination but where does one draw the line when protecting against known foreign states that are cyber criminals?" he wrote.Though espionage concerns aren't new - federal prosecutors charged five Chinese military hackers in 2014 - FBI officials report an uptick in targeting of universities and more U.S. attention as a result. The FBI says it's seen some progress from universities, with one official saying schools are more reliably pressing researchers about outside funding sources.Demers, the Justice Department official, said the focus reflects how espionage efforts are "as pervasive, as well-resourced, as ever today."It's a serious problem today on college campuses."___This story has been corrected to show the date that charges were dropped against the Temple professor was 2015, not 2017.Load-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theftAssociated Press InternationalOctober 7, 2019 Monday 2:59 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: WASHINGTON DATELINE; Only on APLength: 1803 wordsByline: By ERIC TUCKER, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - As the U.S. warned allies around the world that Chinese tech giant Huawei was a security threat, the FBI was making the same point quietly to a Midwestern university.In an email to the associate vice chancellor for research at the University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, an agent wanted to know if administrators believed Huawei had stolen any intellectual property from the school.Told no, the agent responded: "I assumed those would be your answers, but I had to ask."It was no random query.The FBI has been reaching out to colleges and universities across the country as it tries to stem what American authorities portray as the wholesale theft of technology and trade secrets by researchers tapped by China. The breadth and intensity of the campaign emerges in emails The Associated Press obtained through records requests to public universities in 50 states. The emails underscore the extent of U.S. concerns that universities, as recruiters of foreign talent and incubators of cutting-edge research, are particularly vulnerable targets.Agents have lectured at seminars, briefed administrators in campus meetings and distributed pamphlets with cautionary tales of trade secret theft. In the past two years, they've requested the emails of two University of Washington researchers, asked Oklahoma State University if it has scientists in specific areas and sought updates about "possible misuse" of research funds by a University of Colorado Boulder professor, the messages show.The emails show administrators mostly embracing FBI warnings, requesting briefings for themselves and others. But they also reveal some struggling to balance legitimate national security concerns against their own eagerness to avoid stifling research or tarnishing legitimate scientists. The Justice Department says it appreciates that push-pull and wants only to help universities separate the relatively few researchers engaged in theft from the majority who are not.Senior FBI officials told AP they're not encouraging schools to monitor researchers by nationality but instead to take steps to protect research and to watch for suspicious behavior. They consider the briefings vital because they say universities, accustomed to fostering international and collaborative environments, haven't historically been as attentive to security as they should be."When we go to the universities, what we're trying to do is highlight the risk to them without discouraging them from welcoming the researchers and students from a country like China," Assistant Attorney General John Demers, the Justice Department's top national security official, said in an interview.The effort comes amid a deteriorating relationship between the U.S. and China and as a trade war launched by President Donald Trump contributes to stock market turbulence and fears of a global economic slowdown. American officials have long accused China of stealing trade secrets from U.S. corporations to develop their economy, allegations Beijing denies."Existentially, we look at China as our greatest threat from an intelligence perspective, and they succeeded significantly in the last decade from stealing our best and brightest technology," said William Evanina, the U.S. government's chief counterintelligence official.The FBI's effort coincides with restrictions put in place by other federal agencies, including the Pentagon and Energy Department, that fund university research grants. The National Institutes of Health has sent dozens of letters in the past year warning schools of researchers it believes may have concealed grants received from China, or improperly shared confidential research information. The Justice Department launched last year an effort called the China Initiative aimed at identifying priority trade secret cases and focusing resources on them.The threat, officials say, is more than theoretical.In the past two months alone, a University of Kansas researcher was charged with collecting federal grant money while working full time for a Chinese university; a Chinese government employee was arrested in a visa fraud scheme that the Justice Department says was aimed at recruiting U.S. research talent; and a university professor in Texas was accused in a trade secret case involving circuit board technology.The most consequential case this year centered not on a university but on Huawei, charged in January with stealing corporate trade secrets and evading sanctions. The company denies wrongdoing. Several universities including the University of Illinois, which received the FBI email last February, have since begun severing ties with Huawei.The University of Minnesota did the same, with an administrator reassuring the FBI in an email last May that issues raised by a best practices letter an agent forwarded "have certainly been topics of conversation (and occasionally even action) in our halls for a while now."But the Justice Department's track record hasn't been perfect, leading to pushback from some that the concerns are overstated.Federal prosecutors in 2015 dropped charges against a Temple University professor who'd been accused of sharing designs for a pocket heater with China. The professor, Xiaoxing Xi, is suing the FBI. "It was totally wrong," he said, "so I can only speak from my experience that whatever they put out there is not necessarily true."Richard Wood, the then-interim provost at the University of New Mexico, conveyed ambivalence in an email to colleagues last year. He wrote that he took seriously the national security concerns the FBI identified in briefings, but also remained "deeply committed to traditional academic norms regarding the free exchange of scientific knowledge wherever appropriate - a tradition that has been the basis of international scientific progress for several centuries."There are real tensions between these two realities, and no simple solutions," he wrote. "I do not think we would be wise to create new 'policy' on terrain this complex and fraught with internal trade-offs between legitimate concerns and values without some real dialogue on the matter."A University of Colorado associate vice chancellor equivocated in January on how to handle an agent's request for a meeting, emailing colleagues that the request to discuss university research felt "probing" and like "more of a fishing expedition" than past occasions. Another administrator replied that the FBI presumably wanted to discuss intellectual property theft, calling it "bright on their radar."FBI officials say they've received consistently positive feedback from universities, and the emails do show many administrators requesting briefings, campus visits, or expressing eagerness for cooperation. A Washington State University administrator connected an FBI agent with his counterpart at the University of Idaho. The University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill requested a briefing last February with an administrator, saying "we would like to understand more about the role of the FBI and how we can partner together." A University of Nebraska official invited an agent to make a presentation as part of broader campus training.Kevin Gamache, chief research security officer for the Texas A&M University system, told AP he values his FBI interactions and that the communication goes both ways. The FBI shares threat information and administrators educate law enforcement about the realities of university research."There's no magic pill," Gamache said. "It's a dialogue that has to be ongoing."The University of Nevada, Las Vegas vice president for research and economic development welcomed the assistance in a city she called the "birthplace of atomic testing. "We have a world-class radiochemistry faculty, our College of Engineering has significant numbers of faculty and students from China, and we have several other issues of concern to me as VPR. In all of these cases, the FBI is always available to help," the administrator, Mary Croughan, emailed agents.The AP submitted public records requests for correspondence between the FBI and research officials at more than 50 schools.More than two dozen produced records, including seminar itineraries and an FBI pamphlet warning that China does "not play by the same rules of academic integrity" as American institutions observe. The document, titled "China: The Risk to Academia," says Beijing is using "non-traditional collectors" like post-doctoral researchers to collect intelligence and that programs intended to promote international collaboration are being exploited.Some outreach is more general, like an agent's offer to brief New Mexico State University on "how the FBI can best serve and protect."But other emails show agents seeking tips or following leads."If you have concerns about any faculty or graduate researchers, students, outside vendors ... pretty much anything we previously discussed - just reminding you that I am here to help," one wrote to Iowa State.In May, an agent sent the University of Washington a public records request for emails of two researchers, seeking references to Chinese-government talent recruitment programs the U.S. views with suspicion. A university spokesman said the school hasn't investigated either professor.Last year, an agent warning of a "trend of international hostile collection efforts at US universities" asked Oklahoma State University if it had researchers in encryption research or quantum computing.The University of Colorado received an FBI request about an "internal investigation" into a professor's "possible misuse" of NIH funding. The school said it found no misconduct involving the professor, who has resigned.Other emails show schools responding internally to government concerns.At Mississippi State, an administrator concerned about Iranian cyberattacks on colleges and government reports on foreign influence suggested to colleagues the school scrutinize graduate school applicants' demographics. "Have to be careful so U.S. law is not violated re discrimination but where does one draw the line when protecting against known foreign states that are cyber criminals?" he wrote.Though espionage concerns aren't new - federal prosecutors charged five Chinese military hackers in 2014 - FBI officials report an uptick in targeting of universities and more U.S. attention as a result. The FBI says it's seen some progress from universities, with one official saying schools are more reliably pressing researchers about outside funding sources.Demers, the Justice Department official, said the focus reflects how espionage efforts are "as pervasive, as well-resourced, as ever today."It's a serious problem today on college campuses."___This story has been corrected to show the date that charges were dropped against the Temple professor was 2015, not 2017.Load-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 12:00 ETBriefing.comSeptember 24, 2019 Tuesday 12:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 12059 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 24-Sep-19 12:00 ET11:44BB BlackBerry shares decline 20% to multi-year lows after the company missed consensus on the top line and lowered its FY20 revenue outlook (6.00 -1.51)The company's second quarter total company non-GAAP revenue increased 22% yr/yr to $261 mln, arriving short of consensus estimates. GAAP revenue increased 16% yr/yr to $244 mln. The company now estimates that its FY20 total company non-GAAP revenue growth will land within a range of 23-25%. While this guidance is in-line with consensus, it represents a reduction at the mid-point from the company's outlook as issued during its first quarter report in June, when it expected total company non-GAAP revenue to grow between 23-27%.Today's move pulls the stock's year-to-date performance back into negative territory and brings the stock to levels not touched since 2015.11:41SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (71) outpacing new lows (27) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ACGL, ACRE, AEE, AEP, ALL, ATAX, ATO, AUDC, AXS, BLD, BZH, CACI, CDE, CELG, CIM, CIO, CMS, CNA, CPT, D, DLTR, DTE, DUK, ED, EIX, ENTG, ES, ETR, EVRG, FE, FND, FR, GPI, HALL, HELE, ICHR, IDA, JBL, JCI, KBH, KKR, KLAC, KSU, LEN, LHX, LNT, MAA, MDT, MDU, MHO, MPW, MTH, NEE, NFE, NTRA, NWE, OGE, OGS, OHI, PEG, PG, PHM, RE, RNR, SEDG, SO, SUI, TERP, THG, TYL, WMTStocks that traded to 52 week lows: BTU, CHWY, CLVS, EIGI, EZPW, FDX, FLDM, FTCH, FVRR, HCC, INVA, IRBT, KLXE, LVGO, LYFT, MYOV, NESR, PRQR, SNDL, SRPT, SSTI, TEUM, TPB, URGN, WMGI, WORK, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: CLCT, CWCO, LOOP, MGEE, OTTR, UEIC, WSBFThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CRNX, ELOX, FULC, KALV, MANUETFs that traded to 52 week highs: ITB, PALL, PFF, TAN, XLU11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.516% Bid-to-cover: 2.60 Indirect bid: 47.1% Direct bid: 20.4% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.337% Bid-to-cover: 2.56 Indirect bid: 47.0% Direct bid: 17.8%11:22MJ ETFMG Alternative Harvest ETF (-3%) falls to multi-year low as cannabis stocks continue to come under pressure (22.32 -0.67)IIPR -7.99% CTST -7.12% GTBIF -5.88% ACRGF -5.68% TRPX -5.47% CRON -5.51% TGODF -5.20% CWBHF -5.20% PYX -5.44% NTEC -5.00% CRLBF -4.70% VVCIF -4.57% GGBXF -4.24% ACB -3.77% CGC -3.83% IGC -3.57% TLRY -3.76% SPRWF -3.43% APHA -3.31% MMNFF -3.03% KERN -3.00% OGI -2.87% CURLF -2.74%The sector peaked as a sell the news response to recreational legalization in Canada played out one year ago. Since then, most cannabis stocks have failed to live up to elevated expectations created by lofty valuations. Most have struggled to turn a profit. More recently, a market rotation into value and out of growth as well as public push back regarding vaping have weighed on the sector.11:18SDC SmileDirectClub underperforming as shares fall as much as 9% to fresh post-IPO lows (16.43 -0.72)11:02LVGO Livongo Health leading software stocks lower as the froth continues to come out of growth stocks (20.00 -2.49)LVGO -11.16% PD -8.56% ROKU -6.15% LYFT -5.14% HCAT -4.97% CRWD -4.80% SCWX -4.86% TLRA -4.91% ESTC -3.65% SHOP -3.74% TTD -3.87% PS -3.75% UBER -3.64% SPOT -3.40% TWLO -3.31% TLND -3.28% ZUO -3.27% ETSY -3.12% DOCU -2.93% FVRR -3.22% OKTA -2.77% MDB -2.89% ASUR -2.67% PINS -2.56% DOMO -2.43% WIX -2.57%10:36URGN UroGen Pharma reports positive data from UGN-101 OLYMPUS Pivotal Trial in LG UTUC and UGN-102 Phase 2b OPTIMA II Trial in LG Bladder Cancer (31.80 -1.33)Results from a final analysis of the primary endpoint for pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS showed that investigational UGN-101 (mitomycin gel) for instillation demonstrated a 59 percent CR rate in patients with LG UTUC. Findings were consistent with previously presented results. The final analysis of the primary endpoint showed that in the OLYMPUS intent-to-treat population, 42 of the 71 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR. Forty-one patients entered follow-up, which is still ongoing. Durability of response was determined by Kaplan-Meier to be 89 percent at 6 months and 84 percent at 12 months after primary disease evaluation (PDE). The estimated median time-to-recurrence was 13.0 months. Thirty four of the 71 patients treated in the study were initially characterized by the treating physician as having endoscopically unresectable tumor at baseline. Twenty of 34 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR at the PDE assessment and 12-month durability was identical for this subgroup. The Company also presented interim results from the Phase 2b OPTIMA II trial of investigational UGN-102 (mitomycin gel) for intravesical instillation for patients with intermediate risk LG NMIBC, defined as those with one or two of the following criteria: multifocal disease, large tumors and rapid rates of recurrence. The single-arm, open label study trial recently completed enrollment of 62 patients at clinical sites across the U.S. and Israel. Patients are treated with six weekly instillations of UGN-102 and undergo assessment of CR (the primary endpoint) four to six weeks following the last instillation. In an interim cohort of 32 patients, 63 percent (20/32) achieved a CR. CR at PDE was 63% (20/32). In the interim data from OPTIMA II, the most common adverse events observed were dysuria, pollakiuria, fatigue, hematuria and urinary tract infection. The majority of these treatment-emergent adverse events were characterized as mild or moderate and transient.10:33SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence below expectations in AugustEconomic Data Summary:July FHFA Housing Price Index 0.4% (June was 0.2%)July S&P Case Schiller Home Price Index 2.0% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%; June was revised to 2.2% from 2.1% August Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs Briefing.com consensus of 134.0; July was 135.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -0.1%) August New Home Sales due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 659K; July was 635K)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be at 13:00 ET$40 bln in 2 year Treasury notes -- Tuesday$41 bln in 5 year Treasury notes -- Wednesday$32 bln in 7 year Treasury notes -- ThursdayOther International Events of Interest:China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.10:33TALKX Market Briefing: Disappointing data and tough talk from president curbs early buying interestAn early rally effort has lost some steam on the back of two headline catalysts:A weaker than expected Consumer Confidence report for September, which was compressed by rising angst over tariffs and trade tension and which included the softest reading for the Expectations Index since December 2018.President Trump taking a tough line in a UN speech on China's lack of compliance with WTO standards and reiterating that he is seeking a complete trade deal with China. The president has also sounded a tough stance on Iran.The pullback has been fairly orderly and most sectors are still showing modest gains, but the good trade vibes that reportedly helped boost the market at the open have been tempered.On a related note, the Treasury market has seen a pickup in buying interest after the confidence data and amid the president's speech, which is continuing at this time. the 10-yr note yield is down four basis points to 1.67%.The S&P 500 is up 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.2%; the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.1%; and the Russell 2000 is down 0.6%.10:31OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:FL Weekly Sep27 41 calls are seeing interest with 1880 contracts trading vs. open int of 230, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~43%. Co is presenting at a Wells Fargo conference tomorrow. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 22 before the open.Puts:CTSH Weekly Sep27 60.5 puts are seeing interest with 2430 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~26%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Stocks seeing volatility selling:AZO, NIO implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.03, VIX: (14.96, +0.05, +0.3%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:03ECONX September Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs 134.0 Briefing.com consensus09:57ACOR Acorda Therapeutics announces that the European Commission has granted Marketing Authorization for Inbrija 33 mg inhalation powder, hard capsules (3.58 0.00)The Marketing Authorization approves Inbrija for use in the 28 countries of the European Union, as well as Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. The Company had previously received a positive opinion recommending Inbrija's approval by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) on July 26, 2019.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Tech leads market to higher openThe stock market begins the day on a higher note, helped by strength in the technology stocks. The S&P 500 is up 0.4%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.5%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows ten of the 11 sectors trading higher, led by information technology (+0.8%) and consumer discretionary (+0.6%). Apple (AAPL 221.65, +2.97, +1.3%) provides solid leadership in the tech sector. The energy sector (-0.4%) is the lone holdout amid lower oil prices ($58.06/bbl, -$0.56, -1.0%).U.S. Treasuries have ticked higher, pushing yields slightly lower. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.66%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.69%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.56.09:37SCANX Earnings/guidance moversJBL +6.61% KMX +2.50% AZO +0.80% BGCP +0.72% RCM +0.65% WU +0.22%NIO -19.30% BB -18.64% NEOG -9.20% MANU -2.67% INFO -0.81%09:30HII Huntington Ingalls may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion (30.32 )09:28WIRES On The WiresANGI Homeservices (ANGI) announced a partnership for their brands HomeAdvisor and Handy with Nextdoor, the world's largest social network for the neighborhood. With this new partnership, homeowners on Nextdoor will now have the option to find and book one of HomeAdvisor and Handy's vetted local home service professionals when they are searching for local service recommendations. The feature will be available in all of Nextdoor's US neighborhoods.Minerva Neurosciences (NERV) and Catalent (CTLT) entered into a long-term commercial supply agreement for Roluperidone (MIN-101), an investigational compound under development by Minerva for the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Under the terms of the agreement, Catalent will manufacture and package the finished dose form of the drug at its facility in Schorndorf, Germany.Novartis AG's (NVS) Sandoz is voluntarily recalling all quantities and lots within expiry of Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules in the US to the consumer level because of confirmed contamination with N-Nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA) above levels established by the FDA in batches of Sandoz Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules. To date, Sandoz has not received any reports of adverse events related to use of the product as part of this recall.First Solar (FSLR) announced that it will supply more than 1.7 gigawatts (GW)DC of its high-performance Series 6 photovoltaic modules to utility-scale renewable energy developer Intersect Power as part of a multiyear supply agreement. Deliveries will commence in the fourth quarter of 2020 and will continue until the end of 2021.Harley-Davidson (HOG) is strengthening its efforts to build the next generation of riders. Harley-Davidson has sharpened its objectives through 2027 to better align with its expanded efforts to build committed riders. In the US, the company plans to expand to 4 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US through 2027. There were about 3 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US in 2017. This objective reflects the company's broader efforts to attract new riders and also retain riders each year. Outside the US, the company has sharpened its objective through 2027 and plans to grow international business to 50% of annual revenue.09:13WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +11.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +32.10.Wall Street is on pace to open higher as the S&P 500 futures trade 11 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.Apple (AAPL 220.73, +2.01, +1.0%) is up 1% in pre-market action after the stock was transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies. CarMax (KMX 90.30, +3.40, +3.9%) is up nicely after the company beat top and bottom-line estimates.In trade news, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without retaliatory tariffs. Soybeans are unlikely to take the market back to all-time highs, especially since being in the news repeatedly, but the development is encouraging to hear.Released earlier, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).09:02ECONX July FHFA Housing Index M/M +0.4%, Prior +0.2%09:02UROV Urovant Sciences announces 'positive' data from the Phase 3 trial of its investigational drug candidate vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder (10.10 )Highlights from the double-blind extension of the Phase 3 EMPOWUR study include:Vibegron further improved treatment benefit on key OAB symptoms (micturitions, UUI, urgency, and total incontinence) over the 40-week extension period61% of patients on vibegron achieved at least a 75% reduction in their daily urge urinary incontinence episodes from baseline at week 5241% of patients on vibegron became "dry," defined as having no urge urinary incontinence episodes at week 52Vibegron demonstrated a favorable long-term safety and tolerability profile consistent with previous clinical experienceUrovant intends to file a New Drug Application (NDA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by early 2020.09:01ECONX July S&P Case Shiller Index +2.0% yr/yr vs +2.3% Briefing.com consensus09:01ENZ Enzo Biochem receives NY State approval for its AmpiProbe HBV viral load monitoring assay for Hepatitis B virus based on the Enzo assay's performance versus an FDA-approved comparator product (3.49 )08:59NEOG Neogen misses by $0.02, misses on revs (75.00 )Reports Q1 (Aug) earnings of $0.28 per share, $0.02 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.30; revenues rose 1.8% year/year to $101.42 mln vs the $105.16 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Our first quarter did not meet the overall performance expectations that we have for ourselves. Even considering the difficult international business climate created by the continuing strong U.S. dollar and the U.S. trade issues with China and elsewhere, we must work to produce better results," said John Adent, Neogen's president and chief executive officer. "We were, however, pleased with the continued strength of our genomics business, and we are continuing to build upon our core strengths to return to our historic growth rates, while also expanding our capabilities.08:56DNR Denbury Resources comments on impact of Tropical Storm Imelda (1.30 )The co announced that due to power outages and flooding associated with Tropical Storm Imelda, certain of the Company's producing fields around the Houston area (primarily Oyster Bayou and Conroe Fields), representing approximately 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOE/d), have experienced downtime since September 19, 2019. While no significant damage has been reported at any of the fields, the Company estimates that production in these fields could remain curtailed for several more days and expects that full production should be restored by September 28, 2019. Based on the best available information, the Company currently estimates that third quarter 2019 production will be negatively impacted by 400 to 800 BOE/d due to this storm.08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +9.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +28.60.The S&P 500 futures trade ten points, or 0.3%, above fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%Major European indices trade mixed. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.1% Germany's DAX: -0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.4% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.1% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.3%08:48GTS Triple-S Management announces market update on reserves from Hurricanes Irma and Mara; remains comfortable with level of reserves as of September 23 (15.08 )Two years after Hurricanes Irma and Mara, the company and its P&C subsidiary, Triple-S Propiedad Inc., remain comfortable with the subsidiary's reserves previously established as of June 30, 2019 for hurricane-related claims.In light of Hurricane Maria's second anniversary on September 20, the company is updating the market with respect to relevant claim numbers. Specifically, Triple-S Propiedad has paid $687.8 mln in claims related to Maria, resolving 96% of the 17,746 total claims received as of September 23, 2019. Total claims previously stood at 17,736 as of June 30, 2019. Of the 10 new claims received in the third quarter of 2019, only 3 have been received during the month of September. Of the 745 claims that remain open, the company is involved in litigation in a total of 230 cases, including 48 cases filed after June 30, 2019.08:47IIVI II-VI completes acquisition of Finisar (FNSR), not providing updated guidance for its first quarter at this time (36.98 )In the quarter end earnings call in early November, the company will provide more details to Finisar's contributions to the first quarter.08:39WIRES On The WiresBioLife Solutions, Inc. (BLFS), announced a co-investment accelerator program with Casdin Capital, targeting early stage companies that are developing novel cell and gene therapy bioproduction tools. BioLife and Casdin will each invest, subject to completion of certain closing conditions, $1.5 million in privately held Sexton Biotechnologies a recent spinout of Cook Regentec, in exchange for an 18% ownership stake for each of BioLife and Casdin. BioLife and Casdin Capital also each invested $1 million in the form of convertible debt in iVexSol, a private startup company based in Boston.Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation (ADPT) announced a partnership with Illumina (ILMN) to develop in-vitro diagnostic (IVD) test kits for Adaptive's current and future portfolio of next-generation sequencing (NGS)-based immunodiagnostics.Soliton (SOLY) announced that it has surpassed 75% of the required patients to be treated in its pivotal cellulite trial.Ocular Therapeutix (OCUL) announced that it has dosed the first patients in its Phase 3 clinical trial of DEXTENZA for the treatment of symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis (AC). AC refers to inflammation of the conjunctiva of the eye caused by an allergic reaction -- generally from airborne allergens -- that affects approximately 70 million people in the United States and results in itching and burning of the eyes.Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) announced the Company aims to serve over one billion annual active consumers and achieve over RMB10 trillion in annual gross merchandise volume ("GMV") through its China consumer business by the end of fiscal 2024.Fluidigm Corporation (FLDM) announced that it has launched seven new cadmium metal labeling kits for use with mass cytometry. The newly available cadmium isotopes comprise 106Cd, 110Cd, 111Cd, 112Cd, 113Cd, 114Cd and 116Cd. Developed to meet increasing demand for larger panels to interrogate the immunome, cancer and other complex diseases, these new metal labels will enable researchers to easily expand mass cytometry panels to advance translational and clinical research.08:32HSII Heidrick & Struggles acquires 2GET; terms not disclosed (27.82 )2GET is a premier executive search firm in Brazil and one of the largest search firms in the country.08:28WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.10.The S&P 500 futures trade 13 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.In central bank news, China said it will avoid a "massive stimulus" and is not planning on cutting interest rates, according to the Associated Press. The Bank of Japan said that while it has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates.The Fed's next policy meeting will be Oct. 29-30. Many Fed officials are expected to speak Wednesday-Friday this week.08:15OSTK Overstock.com files Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock (OSTKO) as part of the execution of the company's previously announced dividend (11.19 )This filing represents an initial step in the company's registration of the OSTKO dividend, and the company is engaged in active discussions with regulatory authorities to obtain approval of the registration.08:08JBL Jabil beats by $0.01, reports revs in-line; guides Q1 EPS in-line, revs in-line (31.33 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $0.88 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.87; revenues rose 13.9% year/year to $6.57 bln vs the $6.63 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for Q1, sees EPS of $0.82-1.04, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $0.93 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees Q1 revs of $6.65-7.35 bln vs. $7.01 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As part of a two-year capital allocation framework, Jabil's Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $600 mln in Company common stock.08:08SUMRX Gapping up/down: KMX +4% after earnings, WYNN +3% and DIS +1% after upgrades; BB -11%, INFO -1% and MANU -1% after earnings, CLVS -3% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:07WIRES On The WiresT2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO), announced that the T2Resistance Panel is the first diagnostic to graduate from CARB-X's portfolio. The graduation marks an important milestone on the path toward approval for use on patients in hospitals in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere around the globe.Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TAK) announced that the New England Journal of Medicine has published results of a Phase 2, randomised, 12-week, open-label study of TAK-620 (maribavir), an investigational, orally bioavailable antiviral compound being evaluated in patients with cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection after undergoing hematopoietic cell transplant or solid organ transplant. CMV is a beta herpes virus that, in patients with compromised immunity, including organ or stem cell transplant recipients, causes clinically challenging complications that can be fatal.Foundation Medicine, Inc. and Natera, Inc. (NTRA) announced a partnership to develop and commercialize personalized circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) monitoring assays, for use by biopharmaceutical and clinical customers who order FoundationOneCDx. The initial focus of the partnership will be to enable ctDNA monitoring in biopharmaceutical trials in 2020 to establish the clinical utility for these novel assays. Following these studies, a monitoring product will be made available to clinical customers. The agreement provides for approximately $13 million in upfront licensing fees and prepaid revenues payable to Natera, and up to approximately $32 million in minimum annual payments and payments tied to Natera's achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and commercial milestones.Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (AVDL) announced pharmacokinetic (PK) data for FT218 from four Phase 1 studies comparing 4.5g and 6g of once-nightly FT218 to 4.5g and 6g of twice-nightly sodium oxybate, evaluating the food effect of FT218, as well as determining the dose proportionality of FT218. The data will be included in an oral presentation by leading sleep expert, Dr. Michael Thorpy, Director of the Sleep-Wake Disorders Center at the Montefiore Medical Center, which is titled, "The Pharmacokinetics of once-nightly controlled-release sodium oxybate (FT218): Overview of results from four Phase 1 Studies," at the World Sleep 2019 Congress on Thursday, September 25th, in Vancouver, Canada.PJT Partners (PJT) and Nasdaq (NDAQ) announced an agreement to provide enhanced execution capabilities for general partner-sponsored secondary transactions built on world-class advisory services and industry-leading technology.08:06RCM R1 RCM announces CFO Christopher Ricaurte resignation and lowers FY 19 revs guidance (10.70 )Ricaurte's resignation is for personal reasons and is in no way related to R1's business performance, financial reporting, or controls, where the Company has built a best-in-class finance function. The Company will conduct a search process to identify a permanent CFO.Board of Directors has appointed Richard B. Evans, Jr., Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as interim Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately.The Company is raising its full year 2019 GAAP operating income guidance to $55 million to $70 million and adjusted EBITDA guidance to $165 million to $170 million.R1 expects 2019 revenue of between $1,175 million and $1,200 million vs $1.22 bln (previous guidance of $1.15-1.25 bln)08:05SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryRally PausesU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near their closing levels from yesterday. Treasury futures saw some selling after yesterday's cash close, but the weakness was not very pronounced. As a result, the market spent the overnight session in a narrow, sideways, range while equity markets in Asia and Europe also showed limited movement. Treasury futures approached their pre-market highs in recent trade with longer tenors showing some slight strength. Today's session will feature a $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.59. Yield Check: 2-yr: +1 bp to 1.68% 3-yr: +2 bps to 1.61% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.58% 10-yr: UNCH at 1.71% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.15%News: U.S. Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said that trade discussions with China's Vice Premier, Liu He, will take place during first full week of October. China reportedly granted new waivers allowing companies to purchase tariff-free soybeans from the U.S. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up. Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI decreased to 48.9 (expected 49.5) from 49.3 while flash Services PMI dipped to 52.8 from 53.3. July Leading Index ticked up to 93.7 (expected 93.6) from 93.6. South Korea's August PPI increased 0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%) but fell 0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%). The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index rose to 94.6 (expected 94.5) from 94.3. September Current Assessment increased to 98.5 (expected 97.0) from 97.4 while Business Expectations decreased to 90.8 (expected 91.8) from 91.3. U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing totaled GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders fell to -28 (expected -14) from -13. France's September Business Survey dipped to 102 from 103, as expected. Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.0% to $58.09/bbl Gold: -0.2% to $1527.80/ozt Copper: +0.2% to $2.617/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.1001 GBP/USD: +0.4% to 1.2476 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1043 USD/JPY: +0.1% to 107.66 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: July FHFA Housing Price Index (prior 0.2%) and July S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%; prior 2.1%) 10:00 ET: September Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 134.0; prior 135.1) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results08:03SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)08:03CBPO China Biologic Products' Board has formed a special committee to review and evaluate the previously announced preliminary non-binding 'going private' Sept 18 proposal (114.91 )08:02ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics receives FDA fast track designation to ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (5.93 )Aldeyra expects to initiate its adaptive Phase 3 GUARD Trial of ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (PVR) in the fourth quarter of 2019. The trial will compare recurrence rates of PVR-related retinal detachment across patients treated with ADX-2191 or standard of care following surgical repair of retinal detachment.08:02WU Western Union provides three-year financial targets, including an approx. 23% operating margin by 2022 and a low double-digit EPS CAGR through 2022, compared to 2019 adj. EPS (22.40 )Over 2020-2022, the company expects to generate more than $3 bln of operating cash flow and to return approx. $2.5-3 bln to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.The company also affirmed its full-year financial outlook for 2019, which was previously provided on August 1, 2019.08:02MDLA Medallia acquires Zingle for approximately $42 mln in cash (30.31 )"Zingle offers frictionless transactions in real-time. Customers can request products and services in-the-moment as they experience a trip, a stay or a purchase. Zingle is mobile enabled and accessible anywhere at any time. With Zingle and Medallia, our customers can transact and provide feedback across the entire customer journey, as it happens," said Leslie Stretch, President & CEO.07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 14 points, or 0.5%, above fair value in a relatively quiet pre-market session. Futures, like global stocks, haven't shown much conviction today, although some positive-sounding trade news has aided investor sentiment.Specifically, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without being subject to retaliatory tariffs, according to Bloomberg. In addition, some Chinese companies reportedly bought at least 20 cargoes on Monday.The encouraging news, coupled with an understanding that the U.S. economy remains resilient and monetary policy remains favorable, has presumably contributed to today's positive bias.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for July and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%) at 9:00 a.m. ET, followed by the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.68%, and the 10-yr yield is unchanged at 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.60. WTI crude is down 0.9%, or $0.54, to $58.10/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:CarMax (KMX 89.33, +2.43): +2.8% after beating top and bottom-line estimates.AutoZone (AZO 1148.61, +1.35): +0.1% after providing mixed results. AutoZone missed earnings estimates but beat revenue estimates.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Japan's Nikkei +0.1%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.2%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex UNCH South Korea's Kospi +0.5%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.1%.In economic data:Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6)South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)In news:Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect.China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. STOXX Europe 600 +0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 +0.3%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.2%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3)U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13)France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)In news:The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced.The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%.Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.07:51STNG Scorpio Tankers to establish 'at the market' offering program pursuant to which the Company may sell up to $100 mln of its common shares (28.08 )07:46STNG Scorpio Tankers to acquire subsidiaries of Trafigura Maritime Logistics for an aggregate value of $803 mln, announces $50 mln private placement at $29.00/share (28.08 )The acquisition of the leasehold interest in the Vessels includes a finance lease arrangement (see description below) with a financial institution under a bareboat contract arrangement. The aggregate value of the Vessels is $803 million, and after the assumption of the present value of the finance lease arrangement of approximately $668 million, the Company will issue approximately 4.7 million shares at $29.00 per share to Trafigura for an aggregate market value of approximately $135 million. The above-mentioned shares will be subject to a customary lock-up through December 31, 2019.The Company also announced today private placements with Trafigura for $35 million and Scorpio Services Holding Ltd., a related party, for $15 million for an aggregate of $50 million or 1,724,137 shares at $29.00 per share.07:31UNVR Univar Solutions prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share (21.86 )07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +0.1%, FTSE -0.1%, CAC +0.3%Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.3% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: +0.3% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.2% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.4%---FX---EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.0992 GBP/USD: +0.2% to 1.2457 USD/CHF: -0.1% to 0.989007:26S&P futures vs fair value: +14.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +43.80.07:16WIRES On The WiresRTI Surgical Holdings, Inc. (RTIX), announced the full commercial launch of the CervAlign Anterior Cervical Plate System to add to the growth of its Established Therapies spine portfolio.Moody's Corporation (MCO) announced that it has named Robert Fauber, currently President of Moody's Investors Service, to the new role of Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Moody's Corporation.Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNST) announced that the Company has dosed the first patient in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of CPI-0209.Provention Bio, Inc., (PRVB), reiterated its regulatory strategy regarding PRV-031 (teplizumab) for the prevention or delay of clinical type 1 diabetes (T1D) in individuals at-risk of developing the disease. Based on written communications from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and FDA's designation of PRV-031 as a breakthrough therapy, the Company believes that existing clinical and non-clinical data for PRV-031 will be sufficient to support a Biologics License Application (BLA) submission for PRV-031 in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the at-risk indication. The Company expects to meet with the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2019 to discuss this expedited development plan.The Ivy Brain Tumor Center at Barrow Neurological Institute, announced a new collaboration with QED Therapeutics, Inc., a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., (BBIO) to investigate the FGFR1-3 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, infigratinib, for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM). With the goal of addressing unmet medical needs for those affected by malignant brain cancer, this collaboration will focus on targeting FGFR (fibroblast growth factor receptor) genetic alterations that have been shown to spur growth in malignant tumors.07:04BB BlackBerry beats by $0.01, misses on revs; guides FY20 revs in-line (7.51 )Reports Q2 (Aug) net of breakeven, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of ($0.01); revenues rose 16.2% year/year to $244 mln vs the $267.91 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees FY20 revs of +23-25% yr/yr to $1.13-1.15 bln vs. $1.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Management ChangeWith its focus on long-term, sustainable growth, BlackBerry announces that Steve Capelli will move into the newly-created role of Chief Revenue Officer to drive revenue-generating and business development activities across the company. BlackBerry promotes Steve Rai from Deputy Chief Financial Officer to Chief Financial Officer. These changes take effect as of October 1, 2019.07:04SASR Sandy Spring Banc to acquire Revere Bank for $460.7 mln (35.33 )Under the terms of the agreement, Revere shareholders will receive 1.05 shares of Sandy Spring common stock for each share of Revere common stock. The transaction, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020, has a value of $460.7 million in the aggregate, based on Sandy Spring's closing price of $35.33 on September 23, 2019. Upon closing, Sandy Spring shareholders will own approximately 74% of the combined company and Revere shareholders will own approximately 26% of the combined company.07:01CSII Cardiovascular Systems announces FDA PMA approval of the new ViperWire Advance Coronary Guide Wire with Flex Tip (50.03 )07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +0.1%, Hang Seng +0.2%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%---FX---USD/JPY: +0.2% to 107.71 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1046 USD/INR: +0.3% to 70.9906:59SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:JAG +10.1%, FDP +9.4%, ZEAL +6%, GME +2.4%, LGF.A +2%, DIS +0.8%, MMSI +0.8%Gapping down:VSI -11.4%, NIO -8.5%, UNVR -3.3%, VER -2.7%, PDD -2.3%, PLMR -2%, BUD -1.1%, INFO -0.6%06:58WIRES On The WiresAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) and Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. announced that Alibaba Group has received a newly-issued 33% equity interest in Ant Financial following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the 2014 transaction agreements and the relevant amendments to those agreements.Dassault Systmes SE (DASTY) and Medidata Solutions, Inc. (MDSO) announced that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) will initiate an additional 45 calendar day examination for the proposed acquisition of Medidata by Dassault Systmes. The parties continue to target the fourth quarter of 2019 for the closing of the merger.Turning Point Brands, Inc. (TPB), announced that Thomas F. Helms, Jr. retires as the non-executive Chairman of the Board and director of the company after 31 years of service. There were no disagreements between Mr. Helms and TPB.New Age Beverages Corporation (NBEV) announced the approval by the Japanese Narcotics Control Division and the Japanese Ministry of Health for New Age's CBD products in Japan and the company's subsequent launch into the market effective immediately.McDermott International, Inc. (MDR) announced that it was awarded a sizeable front-end engineering design (FEED) contract by POSCO INTERNATIONAL Corporation for the Shwe Phase 3 gas field development, located offshore Myanmar. McDermott defines a sizeable contract as between USD $1 million and USD $50 million.06:58S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +39.10.06:58European MarketsFTSE...7317.99...-8.10...-0.10%. DAX...12344.17...+1.80...+0.00%.06:58Asian MarketsNikkei...22099...+19.80...+0.10%. Hang Seng...26281...+58.60...+0.20%.06:58AZO AutoZone misses by $0.84, beats on revs (1147.26 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $20.95 per share, $0.84 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $21.79; revenues rose 12.1% year/year to $3.99 bln vs the $3.93 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Domestic same store sales, or sales for stores open at least one year, increased 3.0% for the quarter. Same store sales are computed on a 16-week basis.06:56FLR Fluor announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share (20.70 )As a result of the strategic review, the company concluded that the divestitures of select businesses will simultaneously improve the financial stability of the company and allow the remaining businesses to refocus on engineering, construction and maintenance services in core markets. The company is initiating plans to sell its construction equipment rental company (AMECO) and its government business, and to monetize surplus real estate and non-core investments. Fluor anticipates these actions to generate in excess of $1 billion in aggregate proceeds. In addition, the company plans to reduce its quarterly dividend to $0.10 per share beginning with the next quarterly dividend declaration.The results of the operational review led to key leadership changes, the development of improved pursuit criteria and a new organizational structure. The company will shift to a model in which business groups have direct control over the functions that support operations. These actions are expected to improve the speed of decision making and drive greater accountability within the businesses. As a result of these and other changes, the company anticipates overhead reductions of $100 million.Consistent with the board's commitment to strong governance with focused oversight of risk, the board recently elected Thomas Leppert and David Constable as new board members. Leppert and Constable both bring significant capital project experience to the board. The board also formed a Commercial Strategies & Operational Risk committee that will be chaired by David Constable. The purpose of the committee is to provide guidance to management with respect to the company's commercial strategies and provide oversight of the company's project-related risk governance framework and risk appetite.The co also announced that Peter Fluor, the company's current lead independent director, will not stand for re-election at the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders. In connection with this announcement, Peter Fluor has also stepped down as the chairman of the organization and compensation committee.06:56KMX CarMax beats by $0.07, beats on revs; comps +3.2% (86.90 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $1.40 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.33; revenues rose 9.1% year/year to $5.2 bln vs the $5.06 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Total used vehicle unit sales increased 6.2%, including a 3.2% increase in comparable store used unit sales compared with the prior year's second quarter. The comparable store sales performance reflected strong conversion and solid growth in web traffic. Total wholesale vehicle unit sales increased 4.7% compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2019, largely driven by an increase in our appraisal buy rate, partially offset by lower appraisal traffic.06:32SWTX SpringWorks Therapeutics: European Commission grants orphan drug designation for nirogacestat for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma (27.82 )SpringWorks is currently enrolling patients in the Phase 3 DeFi trial of nirogacestat for the treatment of adult patients with progressing desmoid tumors, which are a type of soft-tissue tumors that are often treated by sarcoma specialists. Desmoid tumors are rare and often debilitating and disfiguring, and can aggressively invade surrounding healthy tissues and cause significant morbidities, including severe pain, internal bleeding, incapacitating loss of range of motion, and, in rare cases, death.It is estimated that 1,000 to 1,500 new desmoid tumor patients are diagnosed each year in the United States.06:19KMPR Kemper announces that Anastasios Omiridis has joined the company as deputy CFO and principal accounting officer reporting to Kemper CFO James McKinney (157.71 )Previously, Omiridis served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Chubb Life, a segment of Chubb (CB).06:13NIO NIO misses by RMB 1.24, beats on revs; guides Q3 revs below two analyst estimate; implements comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures, cancels conference call (2.72 )Reports Q2 (Jun) loss of RMB 3.11 per share, excluding non-recurring items, RMB 1.24 worse than the single analyst estimate of (RMB 1.87); revenues rose 3180.2% year/year to RMB 1.51 bln vs the RMB 1.21 bln two analyst estimate.Deliveries of the ES8 were 3,140 in the second quarter of 2019, compared with 3,989 vehicles delivered in the first quarter of 2019. Deliveries of the ES6 reached 413 in the second quarter of 2019."In response to the overall tempered market conditions, we are also working hard to maximize returns on our resources and have implemented comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures across the organization. These measures aim to further improve efficiency and streamline operations within our sales and service network and R&D activities. We target to reduce our global headcount to be around 7,800 by the end of the third quarter from over 9,900 in January 2019, and aim to further pursue a leaner operation through additional restructuring and spinning off some non-core businesses by year end" Balance of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investment was RMB3,455.6 million (US$503.4 million) as of June 30, 2019.Co issues downside guidance for Q3, sees Q3 revs of RMB 1.59-1.66 bln vs. RMB 4.3 bln two analyst estimate; sees deliveries between 4,200 and 4,400 units, representing an increase of approximately 18.2% to 23.8% from the second quarter of 2019The co also announced that it will not hold its previously scheduled second quarter 2019 earnings conference call at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time today, Tuesday, September 24, 2019 (8:00 p.m. Beijing Time on September 24, 2019).06:13WIRES On The WiresCabot (CBT) announced the grand opening of its newest fumed silica manufacturing facility, located in Wuhai, Inner Mongolia, China. The state-of-the-art manufacturing site adds approximately 8,000 metric tons of annual fumed silica capacity to Cabot's global network and will serve the rapidly growing fumed silica market in China. With the opening of this facility, Cabot builds on its leadership position and becomes the largest provider of fumed silica in the Chinese market.NI (NATI) announced the S.E.A. C-V2X Open Loop Test System, leveraging 5G wireless cellular technology to provide high bandwidth and low latency communication for Vehicle-to-Vehicle and Vehicle-to-Infrastructure communications.06:11VER VEREIT upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $779 mln (9.73 )06:04INFO IHS Markit beats by $0.04, misses on revs; reaffirms FY19 EPS guidance, lowers FY19 revs below consensus (66.92 )Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.67 per share, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.63; revenues rose 11.1% year/year to $1.11 bln vs the $1.12 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co lowers guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $2.52-2.57 vs. $2.57 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $4.40-4.42 bln vs. $4.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus, and down from prior guidance of $4.43-4.50 bln.06:01TOT Total S.A. Board of Directors decides to accelerate dividend growth with a guidance of increasing the dividend by 5 to 6% per year (53.67 )Co reviewed the outlook for the Group through 2025. Total is demonstrating its ability to maintain a sustainable pre-dividend breakeven below 30 $/b and a solid financial position with a gearing objective below 20%. The Group also reaffirms its strong discipline on investment and cost.Delivering on its strategy for sustainable and profitable growth in oil and gas activities as well as investing in growing energy markets, notably LNG and low-carbon electricity, provide stronger visibility on the future of the Group.06:01BUD Anheuser-Busch InBev prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share (96.34 )The Company has also partially exercised an offer size adjustment option, issuing an additional 189,354,000 shares for a total of 1,451,704,000 shares to cover market demand. The initial public offering is also subject to an over-allotment option of up to 217,755,000 additional shares at the same offer price. Subject to customary closing conditions, the shares are expected to begin trading on 30 September 2019 on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited under the stock code 1876.06:00ZEAL Zealand Pharma announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes (25.52 )The primary result demonstrated that the median time to blood glucose recovery was 10 minutes for dasiglucagon, which was superior to placebo (median: 30 min; p<0.001). The median time to recovery for GlucaGen was 10 minutes. Overall, no safety concerns were raised for dasiglucagon within the trial. Nausea and vomiting were reported with dasiglucagon in both age groups (6-11 years; nausea: 25% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 92% and vomiting: 67%). For GlucaGen (6-11 years; nausea: 50% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 17% and vomiting: 0%).06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets trade modestly higher overnightThe global equity markets outside of the US are off to a modestly higher start to the day, while the US has seen a sharp rebound that has gotten the S&P Futures back above the 3000 mark. It's unclear what the driving force is but there was a small positive in trade tensions after China's central government announced it would allow companies to purchase soybeans from the US tariff free. Spoos are trading about nine points higher to 3006 with a high of 3012.25 and a low of 3007.75.In Asia, both China and Japan closed up marginally. The small concession made by the Chinese government surrounding soybean purchases may have helped buoy the Shanghai. Japanese traders returned to their trading desks following a holiday weekend only to witness a lackluster day with the Nikkei closing up 0.1%. The yen was slightly lower against the dollar, lending mild support to equities.In Europe, the major bourses are mixed. The overall net changes are small and markets have been in a relatively tight trading range. After dismal PMI readings on Monday, Germany saw a relief with a slightly better than expected business confidence survey. The September IFO came in at 94.6, a tick higher than the expectation of 94.5 and up from 94.3 in August.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: +13.010 yr Note: 1.72%USD/JPY: 107.77 +0.23EUR/USD: 1.0998 +0.0005Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX +0.2% CAC +0.3%Asia: Hang Seng +0.2% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +0.1%Gold (1528.20 -3.30) Silver (18.67 -0.05) Crude (58.05 -0.59)17:23RILY B. Riley Financial files for $250 mln mixed securities shelf offering (25.10 +0.16)17:07HWC Hancock Whitney approved an increase and extension of its previously announced common stock buyback program (38.58 +0.16)The original authorization, approved in May 2018 for up to 5% of shares outstanding, or approximately 4.3 million shares, was set to expire December 31, 2019. Today's action increases the authorization to 5.5 million shares (which equates to approximately $212 million based on today's closing price) with a new expiration date of December 31, 2020.17:06VSI Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group (7.22 0.00)As previously disclosed on September 9, 2019, the co received an acquisition proposal to acquire the Company from a third party (the "Bidder") during the "go-shop" period contemplated by the terms of the previously announced merger agreement by and among the Company, Franchise Group and Valor Acquisition. On September 23, 2019, in light of the failure of the Bidder to obtain committed financing, the co determined to cease negotiations with the Bidder as of such date. Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has changed its recommendation in favor of the Company's pending merger with Franchise Group and each expressly reaffirms its recommendation in favor of the pending merger with Franchise Group.17:03UNVR Univar Solutions announces sale of 11,594,268 shares of common stock by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (21.86 -0.14)Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities propose initially to offer the shares of common stock to the public at a fixed price. After the offering, the public offering price or any other term of the offering may be changed. CD&R will receive all of the net proceeds from this offering representing the conclusion of a 9-year investment in Univar Solutions.17:02NKTR Nektar Therapeutics announces acceptance of abstract for presentation at the 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference (19.93 -0.23)New data from a cohort of patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer who were enrolled in the PIVOT-02 study will be presented at the upcoming 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference, which is being held from September 25-28 at the Espace Grand Arche de la Defense in Paris. The PIVOT-02 study is evaluating bempegaldesleukin (bempeg, NKTR-214) in combination with nivolumab in a range of advanced and/or metastatic solid tumor settings.16:56PDD Pinduoduo announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024 (33.82 -0.26)The company plans to use proceeds to enhance and expand its business operations, for research and development, to continue to invest in and develop its technology infrastructure, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.16:52BANC Banc of California entered into Memorandum of Understanding to settle litigation (14.23 -0.11)On September 16, 2019, co entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the lead plaintiff to settle class action lawsuits that were previously consolidated in the United District Court for the Central District of California. Under the terms of the MOU, the co's insurance carriers would pay $19.75 million, which would be distributed to shareholders who purchased stock between April 15, 2016 and January 20, 2017, after payment of attorney's fees and costs. The co would not be required to contribute any cash to the settlement payments. Pursuant to the settlement, the action against the company would be dismissed with prejudice. Plaintiff would also dismiss its claims against the former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Steven Sugarman. While the co does not believe the plaintiff's claims are meritorious, the Company believes that ending the costs and distraction of the litigation is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.16:39EXPR Express promotes COO Matthew Moellering to President and COO (2.74 +0.02)16:23WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 finished flat on Monday in a mixed, and tight-ranged, session. Disappointing flash manufacturing PMI readings out of the eurozone kept many buyers sidelined, but encouraging manufacturing activity in the U.S. helped abate early selling pressure. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.1%), and Russell 2000 (-0.1%) finished little changed.The session began on a lower note, largely in response to those weaker-than-expected PMI readings overseas. Most notably, Germany's flash PMI for September fell deeper into contraction territory to its lowest reading (41.4) since 2009. The good news was that the Markit's flash manufacturing PMI reading for the U.S. increased to 51.1 from 50.3, reflecting the continued resiliency of the U.S. economy.The S&P 500 was down just 0.3% at its session low and crossed into positive territory as soon as European markets closed for trading at 11:30 a.m. ET. The broader market maintained this positive disposition throughout the afternoon but faded into the close.Most S&P 500 sectors finished within 0.3% of their unchanged marks. The consumer staples sector (+0.4%) outperformed the broader market, while the health care (-0.6%) and communication services (-0.4%) sectors underperformed.Apple (AAPL 218.72, +0.99, +0.5%) and most stocks within the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+1.0%) showed relative strength throughout the day. The semiconductor space bounced back from Friday's decline following reports indicating that officials from the U.S. and China described last week's trade talks as "productive" and "constructive," respectively.In corporate news, American Express (AXP 118.25, +1.45, +1.2%) announced a 120 million share repurchase program and increased its quarterly dividend 10%. Lululemon athletica (LULU 195.18, +5.88, +3.1) rose 3% after the stock was initiated with an Overweight rating at Piper Jaffray.The U.S. Treasury market reflected some lingering growth concerns as increased demand pushed yields lower. The 2-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.67%, and the 10-yr yield declined six basis points to 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.1% to 98.62. WTI crude rose 1.0%, or $0.60, to $58.64/bbl.Investors did not receive any notable economic data on Monday. Looking ahead, investors will receive the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +12.3% YTDS&P 500 +19.3% YTDRussell 2000 +15.6% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.5% YTD16:22VER VEREIT announces public offering of 71.0 mln shares of common stock (9.73 -0.07)The company intends to use proceeds to pay amounts owed in connection with the settlement of certain litigation and for general corporate purposes.16:20MTDR Matador Resources announces receipt of six Bureau of Land Management drilling permits in western Antelope Ridge asset area (17.31 +0.28)The company had anticipated receipt of these permits late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2019. Matador is also pleased to announce that it has initiated drilling operations on these wells, which Matador will refer to as the "Rodney Robinson" wells.The 1,200 gross and net acre Rodney Robinson tract is one of the key tracts Matador acquired in the BLM New Mexico Oil and Gas Lease Sale in September 2018. Matador anticipates drilling these first six wells, all two-mile laterals, from two separate three-well pads. These wells are currently scheduled to be completed and turned to sales late in the first quarter of 2020. Pending approval and receipt of additional drilling permits from the BLM, Matador also believes it is on track to begin operations in early 2020 on its Stateline asset area, including 2,800 gross and net acres acquired as part of the BLM Acquisition, in which case Matador intends to move two of its operated drilling rigs to the Stateline asset area to initiate a multi-year drilling program there.16:20RIG Transocean relinquishes interests in Samsung Heavy drillships under construction (5.83 +0.01)Upon relinquishment of the Drillships, Transocean's indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries will not make further payments to SHI under the construction contracts. The total estimated future costs associated with the delivery and placing the Drillships into service would have been approximately $1.1 billion, which includes future payments to SHI under the construction contracts and costs related to spares, materials and supplies, and to the commissioning and mobilization of the rigs. The construction contracts are not guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. or any of its affiliates.16:19CDMO Avid Bioservices' Board voted to accelerate the expiration of the Stockholder Rights Plan (poison pill) (5.77 -0.19)The action of the Board of Directors accelerated the expiration date of the Company's current Stockholder Rights Plan to September 23, 2019. The rights plan had been originally due to expire on March 16, 2021. In taking this action, the Board reserved the right to take any future action that it determines in the exercise of its fiduciary duties to be necessary or advisable in order to protect the interests of stockholders.16:17IBP Installed Building Products acquires Northeast Spray Insulation and Minnesota Spray-Foam Insulation; terms not disclosed (59.22 -0.12)Northeast provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services, as well as thermal barrier services for residential single- and multi-family customers throughout Maine and New Hampshire. Founded in 2001, Northeast has annual revenue of approx. $3.6 mln. MSI provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services to residential customers throughout Minnesota. Founded in 2001, MSI has annual revenue of approx. $1.6 mln.16:17POWL Powell Inds CEO Brett Cope to assume role of Chairman after Thomas Powell elected to step down as Chairman (38.95 -0.26)In recognition of Mr. Powell's longstanding service and contributions, the Board designated Mr. Powell as Chairman Emeritus of the Board. Mr. Powell intends to continue actively serving as a director on the Board. The Company also announced today that, in connection with Mr. Powell's transition to Chairman Emeritus, the Board elected Brett A. Cope as its new Chairman of the Board as of September 16, 2019.16:11BGCP BGC Partners confirms it is "comfortable" with the mid-point of Q3 range of its previously stated outlook for revenues and pre-tax adjusted earnings (5.59 +0.09)Prior Q3 Guidance: adj earnings of $80-95 mln, revs $490-530 mln (vs $510 mln consensus)16:07PLMR Palomar Holdings launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders (38.01 +0.07)Selling stockholders include affiliates of of Genstar Capital and certain directors and officers of the company. The selling stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from the offering.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 24, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 13:00 ETBriefing.comSeptember 24, 2019 Tuesday 1:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 13306 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 24-Sep-19 13:00 ET12:59WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks sliding following data, Trump UN speech, impeachment rumorsTechnology and energy stocks are leading the marker lower following a decline in consumer confidence, President Trump's UN speech, and some politically-minded speculation. The S&P 500, which was up as much as 0.5% today, is now down 1.0%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.7%) and Nasdaq Composite (-1.5%) have also given up gains and trade near session lows.Early gains in tech stocks had led the market to that higher open. Some attributed this to China buying more U.S. soybeans and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin confirming trade talks in two weeks. Sentiment has been delicate, though, and quickly turned after the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August.Stocks steadily retreated as President Trump remained tough on China at the UN General Assembly, with selling interest accelerating in recent action amid reports that Democrats may announce impeachment details later today. Those outperforming technology companies are now among today's laggards with energy stocks extending losses.Mega-cap technology stocks within the S&P 500 consumer discretionary (-1.1%) and communication services (-1.1%) sectors weigh on the market, while weakness in the semiconductor stocks drag on the information technology sector (-1.0%). The energy sector (-1.7%) is today's outright laggard as oil prices ($57.60, -$1.04, -1.8%) decline amid growth concerns.In turn, investors are assuming some defensive positioning in U.S. Treasuries and stocks within the S&P 500 utilities (+0.7%) and consumer staples (+0.1%) sectors.The increased demand for Treasuries has extended the recent slide in yields. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.63%, and the 10-yr yield is down six basis points to 1.65%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.2% to 98.37.Netflix (NFLX 255.25, -10.63, -4.0%), which is now negative for the year, is down another 4% today. Pivotal Research Group cut its NFLX price target to $350 from $515, citing several reasons including higher content costs and competition.Reviewing today's economic data, which included Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July:The Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September dropped to 125.1 (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) from a downwardly revised 134.2 (from 135.1) in August.The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.The FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June.The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).12:54SPY The recent leg lower in the stock market has been attributed to increased chances of impeachment proceedings coming from Democrats (295.40 -2.81)As we pointed out in out early morning reading summary this morning, The Washington Post reported last night that President Trump ordered his administration to hold aid to Ukraine prior to phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, where Mr. Trump allegedly pressured Mr. Zelensky to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden's son.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) is considering allowing impeachment proceedings against Mr. Trump and will meet with her caucus today at 16:00 ET.Growth stocks continue to come under pressure and oil is down nearly 2%.Energy XLE -1.7%, biotech XBI -2.7% and software IGV -1.7% stocks are leading to the downside while defensive oriented utilities XLU +0.8% and consumer staples XLP +0.2% stocks outperform.Nasdaq 100 QQQ -1.3%, S&P 500 SPY -0.8%, DJIA DIA -0.6%.12:49TPC Tutor Perini enters into contract amendment involving San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Central Subway project (13.79 +0.01)The co reports that it has entered into a contract amendment involving the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency Central Subway project that provides for the Company to receive $31.2 million in resolution of previously unpaid amounts for the delays that the project experienced as a result of unexpected site conditions and owner-directed changes in project design. The Company has received payment of $29.7 million, which is the agreed $31.2 million amount less contractual retention as provided for in the Central Subway project contract. This payment will be included in the Company's third quarter 2019 operating cash flow.Neither the amendment nor the payment will have an impact on the Company's third quarter earnings, in light of the amount of estimated collections related to these delays on the Central Subway project previously recorded by the Company in its contract assets. The Company is continuing to negotiate additional unresolved amounts on the Central Subway project and currently anticipates that these could be concluded by the fourth quarter of 2019, although the Company cannot predict the outcome of the ongoing discussions.The Central Subway project is not one of the five resolved matters on which the Company reported in its Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 10, 2019. The Company continues to expect the near-term collection of the remaining $24 million from the resolution of those other five matters, though some or all of the remaining amount may be received after the end of the third quarter.12:24SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Fresh Del Monte Produce (FDP) gains following index change announcement -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersFDP (35.39 +15.69%): Reaches a 52-week high after being designated to join the S&P SmallCap 600, effective September 30; co will replace Cray (CRAY) in the index upon that company's acquisition by Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE).GOGO (6.47 +7.12%): The stock, which has pulled back in recent sessions after establishing a ten-month high last Wednesday, ticked off its lows yesterday leading into the close following favorable commentary out of William Blair.OSTK (11.89 +6.25%): Sees continued volatility after dropping by circa 25% yesterday and circa 43% over the past week. Co filed a Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock as part of the execution of co's previously announced dividend.Small Cap LosersUXIN (2.29 -17.92%): Continued weakness on above average volume following the release of co's Q2 earnings report yesterday. With today's fall, the stock moves to one-month lows.LXRX (2.9 -13.69%): Continued volatility; the stock continues to pull back following last week's +52% move higher. Biotech stocks trend generally lower.SNDL (5.95 -11.19%): The stock, which made its IPO at the beginning of August, moves to an all-time low amid widespread underperformance in the broader cannabis space. (Related: CTST, HEXO...)11:44BB BlackBerry shares decline 20% to multi-year lows after the company missed consensus on the top line and lowered its FY20 revenue outlook (6.00 -1.51)The company's second quarter total company non-GAAP revenue increased 22% yr/yr to $261 mln, arriving short of consensus estimates. GAAP revenue increased 16% yr/yr to $244 mln. The company now estimates that its FY20 total company non-GAAP revenue growth will land within a range of 23-25%. While this guidance is in-line with consensus, it represents a reduction at the mid-point from the company's outlook as issued during its first quarter report in June, when it expected total company non-GAAP revenue to grow between 23-27%.Today's move pulls the stock's year-to-date performance back into negative territory and brings the stock to levels not touched since 2015.11:41SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (71) outpacing new lows (27) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ACGL, ACRE, AEE, AEP, ALL, ATAX, ATO, AUDC, AXS, BLD, BZH, CACI, CDE, CELG, CIM, CIO, CMS, CNA, CPT, D, DLTR, DTE, DUK, ED, EIX, ENTG, ES, ETR, EVRG, FE, FND, FR, GPI, HALL, HELE, ICHR, IDA, JBL, JCI, KBH, KKR, KLAC, KSU, LEN, LHX, LNT, MAA, MDT, MDU, MHO, MPW, MTH, NEE, NFE, NTRA, NWE, OGE, OGS, OHI, PEG, PG, PHM, RE, RNR, SEDG, SO, SUI, TERP, THG, TYL, WMTStocks that traded to 52 week lows: BTU, CHWY, CLVS, EIGI, EZPW, FDX, FLDM, FTCH, FVRR, HCC, INVA, IRBT, KLXE, LVGO, LYFT, MYOV, NESR, PRQR, SNDL, SRPT, SSTI, TEUM, TPB, URGN, WMGI, WORK, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: CLCT, CWCO, LOOP, MGEE, OTTR, UEIC, WSBFThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: CRNX, ELOX, FULC, KALV, MANUETFs that traded to 52 week highs: ITB, PALL, PFF, TAN, XLU11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$40 bln 2-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.516% Bid-to-cover: 2.60 Indirect bid: 47.1% Direct bid: 20.4% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.337% Bid-to-cover: 2.56 Indirect bid: 47.0% Direct bid: 17.8%11:22MJ ETFMG Alternative Harvest ETF (-3%) falls to multi-year low as cannabis stocks continue to come under pressure (22.32 -0.67)IIPR -7.99% CTST -7.12% GTBIF -5.88% ACRGF -5.68% TRPX -5.47% CRON -5.51% TGODF -5.20% CWBHF -5.20% PYX -5.44% NTEC -5.00% CRLBF -4.70% VVCIF -4.57% GGBXF -4.24% ACB -3.77% CGC -3.83% IGC -3.57% TLRY -3.76% SPRWF -3.43% APHA -3.31% MMNFF -3.03% KERN -3.00% OGI -2.87% CURLF -2.74%The sector peaked as a sell the news response to recreational legalization in Canada played out one year ago. Since then, most cannabis stocks have failed to live up to elevated expectations created by lofty valuations. Most have struggled to turn a profit. More recently, a market rotation into value and out of growth as well as public push back regarding vaping have weighed on the sector.11:18SDC SmileDirectClub underperforming as shares fall as much as 9% to fresh post-IPO lows (16.43 -0.72)11:02LVGO Livongo Health leading software stocks lower as the froth continues to come out of growth stocks (20.00 -2.49)LVGO -11.16% PD -8.56% ROKU -6.15% LYFT -5.14% HCAT -4.97% CRWD -4.80% SCWX -4.86% TLRA -4.91% ESTC -3.65% SHOP -3.74% TTD -3.87% PS -3.75% UBER -3.64% SPOT -3.40% TWLO -3.31% TLND -3.28% ZUO -3.27% ETSY -3.12% DOCU -2.93% FVRR -3.22% OKTA -2.77% MDB -2.89% ASUR -2.67% PINS -2.56% DOMO -2.43% WIX -2.57%10:36URGN UroGen Pharma reports positive data from UGN-101 OLYMPUS Pivotal Trial in LG UTUC and UGN-102 Phase 2b OPTIMA II Trial in LG Bladder Cancer (31.80 -1.33)Results from a final analysis of the primary endpoint for pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS showed that investigational UGN-101 (mitomycin gel) for instillation demonstrated a 59 percent CR rate in patients with LG UTUC. Findings were consistent with previously presented results. The final analysis of the primary endpoint showed that in the OLYMPUS intent-to-treat population, 42 of the 71 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR. Forty-one patients entered follow-up, which is still ongoing. Durability of response was determined by Kaplan-Meier to be 89 percent at 6 months and 84 percent at 12 months after primary disease evaluation (PDE). The estimated median time-to-recurrence was 13.0 months. Thirty four of the 71 patients treated in the study were initially characterized by the treating physician as having endoscopically unresectable tumor at baseline. Twenty of 34 patients (59 percent) achieved a CR at the PDE assessment and 12-month durability was identical for this subgroup. The Company also presented interim results from the Phase 2b OPTIMA II trial of investigational UGN-102 (mitomycin gel) for intravesical instillation for patients with intermediate risk LG NMIBC, defined as those with one or two of the following criteria: multifocal disease, large tumors and rapid rates of recurrence. The single-arm, open label study trial recently completed enrollment of 62 patients at clinical sites across the U.S. and Israel. Patients are treated with six weekly instillations of UGN-102 and undergo assessment of CR (the primary endpoint) four to six weeks following the last instillation. In an interim cohort of 32 patients, 63 percent (20/32) achieved a CR. CR at PDE was 63% (20/32). In the interim data from OPTIMA II, the most common adverse events observed were dysuria, pollakiuria, fatigue, hematuria and urinary tract infection. The majority of these treatment-emergent adverse events were characterized as mild or moderate and transient.10:33SUMRX Economic Summary: Consumer Confidence below expectations in AugustEconomic Data Summary:July FHFA Housing Price Index 0.4% (June was 0.2%)July S&P Case Schiller Home Price Index 2.0% vs Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%; June was revised to 2.2% from 2.1% August Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs Briefing.com consensus of 134.0; July was 135.1The key takeaway from the report is that it reflects burgeoning anxiety among consumers about the impact of tariffs and trade tension. That hasn't translated into a retrenchment in consumer spending yet. If confidence continues to wane, though, the market will start to assume it is going to show up in weaker levels of discretionary spending activity, which would be bad for growth prospects.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was -0.1%) August New Home Sales due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 659K; July was 635K)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:The Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be at 13:00 ET$40 bln in 2 year Treasury notes -- Tuesday$41 bln in 5 year Treasury notes -- Wednesday$32 bln in 7 year Treasury notes -- ThursdayOther International Events of Interest:China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.10:33TALKX Market Briefing: Disappointing data and tough talk from president curbs early buying interestAn early rally effort has lost some steam on the back of two headline catalysts:A weaker than expected Consumer Confidence report for September, which was compressed by rising angst over tariffs and trade tension and which included the softest reading for the Expectations Index since December 2018.President Trump taking a tough line in a UN speech on China's lack of compliance with WTO standards and reiterating that he is seeking a complete trade deal with China. The president has also sounded a tough stance on Iran.The pullback has been fairly orderly and most sectors are still showing modest gains, but the good trade vibes that reportedly helped boost the market at the open have been tempered.On a related note, the Treasury market has seen a pickup in buying interest after the confidence data and amid the president's speech, which is continuing at this time. the 10-yr note yield is down four basis points to 1.67%.The S&P 500 is up 0.2%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.2%; the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.1%; and the Russell 2000 is down 0.6%.10:31OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:FL Weekly Sep27 41 calls are seeing interest with 1880 contracts trading vs. open int of 230, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~43%. Co is presenting at a Wells Fargo conference tomorrow. Co is confirmed to report earnings November 22 before the open.Puts:CTSH Weekly Sep27 60.5 puts are seeing interest with 2430 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~26%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Stocks seeing volatility selling:AZO, NIO implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.03, VIX: (14.96, +0.05, +0.3%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:03ECONX September Consumer Confidence 125.1 vs 134.0 Briefing.com consensus09:57ACOR Acorda Therapeutics announces that the European Commission has granted Marketing Authorization for Inbrija 33 mg inhalation powder, hard capsules (3.58 0.00)The Marketing Authorization approves Inbrija for use in the 28 countries of the European Union, as well as Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. The Company had previously received a positive opinion recommending Inbrija's approval by the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) on July 26, 2019.09:42WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Tech leads market to higher openThe stock market begins the day on a higher note, helped by strength in the technology stocks. The S&P 500 is up 0.4%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.5%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows ten of the 11 sectors trading higher, led by information technology (+0.8%) and consumer discretionary (+0.6%). Apple (AAPL 221.65, +2.97, +1.3%) provides solid leadership in the tech sector. The energy sector (-0.4%) is the lone holdout amid lower oil prices ($58.06/bbl, -$0.56, -1.0%).U.S. Treasuries have ticked higher, pushing yields slightly lower. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.66%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.69%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.56.09:37SCANX Earnings/guidance moversJBL +6.61% KMX +2.50% AZO +0.80% BGCP +0.72% RCM +0.65% WU +0.22%NIO -19.30% BB -18.64% NEOG -9.20% MANU -2.67% INFO -0.81%09:30HII Huntington Ingalls may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion (30.32 )09:28WIRES On The WiresANGI Homeservices (ANGI) announced a partnership for their brands HomeAdvisor and Handy with Nextdoor, the world's largest social network for the neighborhood. With this new partnership, homeowners on Nextdoor will now have the option to find and book one of HomeAdvisor and Handy's vetted local home service professionals when they are searching for local service recommendations. The feature will be available in all of Nextdoor's US neighborhoods.Minerva Neurosciences (NERV) and Catalent (CTLT) entered into a long-term commercial supply agreement for Roluperidone (MIN-101), an investigational compound under development by Minerva for the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Under the terms of the agreement, Catalent will manufacture and package the finished dose form of the drug at its facility in Schorndorf, Germany.Novartis AG's (NVS) Sandoz is voluntarily recalling all quantities and lots within expiry of Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules in the US to the consumer level because of confirmed contamination with N-Nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA) above levels established by the FDA in batches of Sandoz Ranitidine Hydrochloride Capsules. To date, Sandoz has not received any reports of adverse events related to use of the product as part of this recall.First Solar (FSLR) announced that it will supply more than 1.7 gigawatts (GW)DC of its high-performance Series 6 photovoltaic modules to utility-scale renewable energy developer Intersect Power as part of a multiyear supply agreement. Deliveries will commence in the fourth quarter of 2020 and will continue until the end of 2021.Harley-Davidson (HOG) is strengthening its efforts to build the next generation of riders. Harley-Davidson has sharpened its objectives through 2027 to better align with its expanded efforts to build committed riders. In the US, the company plans to expand to 4 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US through 2027. There were about 3 million total Harley-Davidson riders in the US in 2017. This objective reflects the company's broader efforts to attract new riders and also retain riders each year. Outside the US, the company has sharpened its objective through 2027 and plans to grow international business to 50% of annual revenue.09:13WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +11.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +32.10.Wall Street is on pace to open higher as the S&P 500 futures trade 11 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.Apple (AAPL 220.73, +2.01, +1.0%) is up 1% in pre-market action after the stock was transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies. CarMax (KMX 90.30, +3.40, +3.9%) is up nicely after the company beat top and bottom-line estimates.In trade news, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without retaliatory tariffs. Soybeans are unlikely to take the market back to all-time highs, especially since being in the news repeatedly, but the development is encouraging to hear.Released earlier, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July increased 0.4% following an unrevised 0.2% increase in June. The S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July increased 2.0% (Briefing.com consensus of 2.3%) following a revised 2.2% increase in June (from 2.1%).09:02ECONX July FHFA Housing Index M/M +0.4%, Prior +0.2%09:02UROV Urovant Sciences announces 'positive' data from the Phase 3 trial of its investigational drug candidate vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder (10.10 )Highlights from the double-blind extension of the Phase 3 EMPOWUR study include:Vibegron further improved treatment benefit on key OAB symptoms (micturitions, UUI, urgency, and total incontinence) over the 40-week extension period.61% of patients on vibegron achieved at least a 75% reduction in their daily urge urinary incontinence episodes from baseline at week 52.41% of patients on vibegron became "dry," defined as having no urge urinary incontinence episodes at week 52.Vibegron demonstrated a favorable long-term safety and tolerability profile consistent with previous clinical experience.Urovant intends to file a New Drug Application (NDA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by early 2020.09:01ECONX July S&P Case Shiller Index +2.0% yr/yr vs +2.3% Briefing.com consensus09:01ENZ Enzo Biochem receives NY State approval for its AmpiProbe HBV viral load monitoring assay for Hepatitis B virus based on the Enzo assay's performance versus an FDA-approved comparator product (3.49 )08:59NEOG Neogen misses by $0.02, misses on revs (75.00 )Reports Q1 (Aug) earnings of $0.28 per share, $0.02 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.30; revenues rose 1.8% year/year to $101.42 mln vs the $105.16 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus."Our first quarter did not meet the overall performance expectations that we have for ourselves. Even considering the difficult international business climate created by the continuing strong U.S. dollar and the U.S. trade issues with China and elsewhere, we must work to produce better results," said John Adent, Neogen's president and chief executive officer. "We were, however, pleased with the continued strength of our genomics business, and we are continuing to build upon our core strengths to return to our historic growth rates, while also expanding our capabilities.08:56DNR Denbury Resources comments on impact of Tropical Storm Imelda (1.30 )The co announced that due to power outages and flooding associated with Tropical Storm Imelda, certain of the Company's producing fields around the Houston area (primarily Oyster Bayou and Conroe Fields), representing approximately 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOE/d), have experienced downtime since September 19, 2019. While no significant damage has been reported at any of the fields, the Company estimates that production in these fields could remain curtailed for several more days and expects that full production should be restored by September 28, 2019. Based on the best available information, the Company currently estimates that third quarter 2019 production will be negatively impacted by 400 to 800 BOE/d due to this storm.08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +9.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +28.60.The S&P 500 futures trade ten points, or 0.3%, above fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%Major European indices trade mixed. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.1% Germany's DAX: -0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.4% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.1% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.3%08:48GTS Triple-S Management announces market update on reserves from Hurricanes Irma and Mara; remains comfortable with level of reserves as of September 23 (15.08 )Two years after Hurricanes Irma and Mara, the company and its P&C subsidiary, Triple-S Propiedad Inc., remain comfortable with the subsidiary's reserves previously established as of June 30, 2019 for hurricane-related claims.In light of Hurricane Maria's second anniversary on September 20, the company is updating the market with respect to relevant claim numbers. Specifically, Triple-S Propiedad has paid $687.8 mln in claims related to Maria, resolving 96% of the 17,746 total claims received as of September 23, 2019. Total claims previously stood at 17,736 as of June 30, 2019. Of the 10 new claims received in the third quarter of 2019, only 3 have been received during the month of September. Of the 745 claims that remain open, the company is involved in litigation in a total of 230 cases, including 48 cases filed after June 30, 2019.08:47IIVI II-VI completes acquisition of Finisar (FNSR), not providing updated guidance for its first quarter at this time (36.98 )In the quarter end earnings call in early November, the company will provide more details to Finisar's contributions to the first quarter.08:39WIRES On The WiresBioLife Solutions, Inc. (BLFS), announced a co-investment accelerator program with Casdin Capital, targeting early stage companies that are developing novel cell and gene therapy bioproduction tools. BioLife and Casdin will each invest, subject to completion of certain closing conditions, $1.5 million in privately held Sexton Biotechnologies a recent spinout of Cook Regentec, in exchange for an 18% ownership stake for each of BioLife and Casdin. BioLife and Casdin Capital also each invested $1 million in the form of convertible debt in iVexSol, a private startup company based in Boston.Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation (ADPT) announced a partnership with Illumina (ILMN) to develop in-vitro diagnostic (IVD) test kits for Adaptive's current and future portfolio of next-generation sequencing (NGS)-based immunodiagnostics.Soliton (SOLY) announced that it has surpassed 75% of the required patients to be treated in its pivotal cellulite trial.Ocular Therapeutix (OCUL) announced that it has dosed the first patients in its Phase 3 clinical trial of DEXTENZA for the treatment of symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis (AC). AC refers to inflammation of the conjunctiva of the eye caused by an allergic reaction -- generally from airborne allergens -- that affects approximately 70 million people in the United States and results in itching and burning of the eyes.Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) announced the Company aims to serve over one billion annual active consumers and achieve over RMB10 trillion in annual gross merchandise volume ("GMV") through its China consumer business by the end of fiscal 2024.Fluidigm Corporation (FLDM) announced that it has launched seven new cadmium metal labeling kits for use with mass cytometry. The newly available cadmium isotopes comprise 106Cd, 110Cd, 111Cd, 112Cd, 113Cd, 114Cd and 116Cd. Developed to meet increasing demand for larger panels to interrogate the immunome, cancer and other complex diseases, these new metal labels will enable researchers to easily expand mass cytometry panels to advance translational and clinical research.08:32HSII Heidrick & Struggles acquires 2GET; terms not disclosed (27.82 )2GET is a premier executive search firm in Brazil and one of the largest search firms in the country.08:28WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.10.The S&P 500 futures trade 13 points, or 0.4%, above fair value.In central bank news, China said it will avoid a "massive stimulus" and is not planning on cutting interest rates, according to the Associated Press. The Bank of Japan said that while it has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates.The Fed's next policy meeting will be Oct. 29-30. Many Fed officials are expected to speak Wednesday-Friday this week.08:15OSTK Overstock.com files Form S-3 for registration of its Series A-1 Digital Preferred stock (OSTKO) as part of the execution of the company's previously announced dividend (11.19 )This filing represents an initial step in the company's registration of the OSTKO dividend, and the company is engaged in active discussions with regulatory authorities to obtain approval of the registration.08:08JBL Jabil beats by $0.01, reports revs in-line; guides Q1 EPS in-line, revs in-line (31.33 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $0.88 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.87; revenues rose 13.9% year/year to $6.57 bln vs the $6.63 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for Q1, sees EPS of $0.82-1.04, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $0.93 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees Q1 revs of $6.65-7.35 bln vs. $7.01 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.As part of a two-year capital allocation framework, Jabil's Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $600 mln in Company common stock.08:08SUMRX Gapping up/down: KMX +4% after earnings, WYNN +3% and DIS +1% after upgrades; BB -11%, INFO -1% and MANU -1% after earnings, CLVS -3% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:07WIRES On The WiresT2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO), announced that the T2Resistance Panel is the first diagnostic to graduate from CARB-X's portfolio. The graduation marks an important milestone on the path toward approval for use on patients in hospitals in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere around the globe.Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TAK) announced that the New England Journal of Medicine has published results of a Phase 2, randomised, 12-week, open-label study of TAK-620 (maribavir), an investigational, orally bioavailable antiviral compound being evaluated in patients with cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection after undergoing hematopoietic cell transplant or solid organ transplant. CMV is a beta herpes virus that, in patients with compromised immunity, including organ or stem cell transplant recipients, causes clinically challenging complications that can be fatal.Foundation Medicine, Inc. and Natera, Inc. (NTRA) announced a partnership to develop and commercialize personalized circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) monitoring assays, for use by biopharmaceutical and clinical customers who order FoundationOneCDx. The initial focus of the partnership will be to enable ctDNA monitoring in biopharmaceutical trials in 2020 to establish the clinical utility for these novel assays. Following these studies, a monitoring product will be made available to clinical customers. The agreement provides for approximately $13 million in upfront licensing fees and prepaid revenues payable to Natera, and up to approximately $32 million in minimum annual payments and payments tied to Natera's achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and commercial milestones.Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (AVDL) announced pharmacokinetic (PK) data for FT218 from four Phase 1 studies comparing 4.5g and 6g of once-nightly FT218 to 4.5g and 6g of twice-nightly sodium oxybate, evaluating the food effect of FT218, as well as determining the dose proportionality of FT218. The data will be included in an oral presentation by leading sleep expert, Dr. Michael Thorpy, Director of the Sleep-Wake Disorders Center at the Montefiore Medical Center, which is titled, "The Pharmacokinetics of once-nightly controlled-release sodium oxybate (FT218): Overview of results from four Phase 1 Studies," at the World Sleep 2019 Congress on Thursday, September 25th, in Vancouver, Canada.PJT Partners (PJT) and Nasdaq (NDAQ) announced an agreement to provide enhanced execution capabilities for general partner-sponsored secondary transactions built on world-class advisory services and industry-leading technology.08:06RCM R1 RCM announces CFO Christopher Ricaurte resignation and lowers FY 19 revs guidance (10.70 )Ricaurte's resignation is for personal reasons and is in no way related to R1's business performance, financial reporting, or controls, where the Company has built a best-in-class finance function. The Company will conduct a search process to identify a permanent CFO.Board of Directors has appointed Richard B. Evans, Jr., Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as interim Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately.The Company is raising its full year 2019 GAAP operating income guidance to $55 million to $70 million and adjusted EBITDA guidance to $165 million to $170 million.R1 expects 2019 revenue of between $1,175 million and $1,200 million vs $1.22 bln (previous guidance of $1.15-1.25 bln)08:05SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:NIO -18.4%, BB -10.8%, INFO -1.4%, MANU -1%Other news:VSI -10.7% (Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group)UNVR -4.2% (prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share)PDD -2.6% (announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024)VER -2% (upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock)PLMR -2% (launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders)BUD -1.6% (prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share) FLR -0.7% (announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share)Analyst comments:CLVS -2.9% (downgraded to Mkt Perform from Outperform at SVB Leerink)VIAB -0.5% (initiated with Underperform at Wells Fargo)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryRally PausesU.S. Treasuries are on track to begin the Tuesday session near their closing levels from yesterday. Treasury futures saw some selling after yesterday's cash close, but the weakness was not very pronounced. As a result, the market spent the overnight session in a narrow, sideways, range while equity markets in Asia and Europe also showed limited movement. Treasury futures approached their pre-market highs in recent trade with longer tenors showing some slight strength. Today's session will feature a $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.59. Yield Check: 2-yr: +1 bp to 1.68% 3-yr: +2 bps to 1.61% 5-yr: UNCH at 1.58% 10-yr: UNCH at 1.71% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.15%News: U.S. Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said that trade discussions with China's Vice Premier, Liu He, will take place during first full week of October. China reportedly granted new waivers allowing companies to purchase tariff-free soybeans from the U.S. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up. Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI decreased to 48.9 (expected 49.5) from 49.3 while flash Services PMI dipped to 52.8 from 53.3. July Leading Index ticked up to 93.7 (expected 93.6) from 93.6. South Korea's August PPI increased 0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%) but fell 0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%). The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index rose to 94.6 (expected 94.5) from 94.3. September Current Assessment increased to 98.5 (expected 97.0) from 97.4 while Business Expectations decreased to 90.8 (expected 91.8) from 91.3. U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing totaled GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders fell to -28 (expected -14) from -13. France's September Business Survey dipped to 102 from 103, as expected. Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.0% to $58.09/bbl Gold: -0.2% to $1527.80/ozt Copper: +0.2% to $2.617/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.1001 GBP/USD: +0.4% to 1.2476 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1043 USD/JPY: +0.1% to 107.66 Data out Today: 9:00 ET: July FHFA Housing Price Index (prior 0.2%) and July S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%; prior 2.1%) 10:00 ET: September Consumer Confidence (Briefing.com consensus 134.0; prior 135.1) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $40 bln 2-yr Treasury note auction results08:03SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:KMX +4.2%Other news:JAG +10.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)FDP +9.4% (to join S&P SmallCap 600, effective prior to the open on Monday, September 30)ZEAL +6.3% (announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes) GME +1% (Director Teffner disclosed the purchase of ~21K shares)Analyst comments:LGF.A +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo)WYNN +3.4% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Goldman)MRTX +2.8% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)SNAP +2.6% (upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim)RL +1.9% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities)ZS +1.4% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Berenberg)DIS +0.9% (initiated with Outperform at Wells Fargo; tgt $173)AAPL +0.9% (transferred with a Buy from a Hold at Jefferies)MMSI +0.8% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $40)08:03CBPO China Biologic Products' Board has formed a special committee to review and evaluate the previously announced preliminary non-binding 'going private' Sept 18 proposal (114.91 )08:02ALDX Aldeyra Therapeutics receives FDA fast track designation to ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (5.93 )Aldeyra expects to initiate its adaptive Phase 3 GUARD Trial of ADX-2191 for the prevention of proliferative vitreoretinopathy (PVR) in the fourth quarter of 2019. The trial will compare recurrence rates of PVR-related retinal detachment across patients treated with ADX-2191 or standard of care following surgical repair of retinal detachment.08:02WU Western Union provides three-year financial targets, including an approx. 23% operating margin by 2022 and a low double-digit EPS CAGR through 2022, compared to 2019 adj. EPS (22.40 )Over 2020-2022, the company expects to generate more than $3 bln of operating cash flow and to return approx. $2.5-3 bln to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.The company also affirmed its full-year financial outlook for 2019, which was previously provided on August 1, 2019.08:02MDLA Medallia acquires Zingle for approximately $42 mln in cash (30.31 )"Zingle offers frictionless transactions in real-time. Customers can request products and services in-the-moment as they experience a trip, a stay or a purchase. Zingle is mobile enabled and accessible anywhere at any time. With Zingle and Medallia, our customers can transact and provide feedback across the entire customer journey, as it happens," said Leslie Stretch, President & CEO.07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +38.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 14 points, or 0.5%, above fair value in a relatively quiet pre-market session. Futures, like global stocks, haven't shown much conviction today, although some positive-sounding trade news has aided investor sentiment.Specifically, China granted waivers to several companies to buy soybeans from the U.S. without being subject to retaliatory tariffs, according to Bloomberg. In addition, some Chinese companies reportedly bought at least 20 cargoes on Monday.The encouraging news, coupled with an understanding that the U.S. economy remains resilient and monetary policy remains favorable, has presumably contributed to today's positive bias.On the data front, investors will receive the FHFA Housing Price Index for July and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July (Briefing.com consensus 2.3%) at 9:00 a.m. ET, followed by the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 134.0) at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries are little changed. The 2-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.68%, and the 10-yr yield is unchanged at 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.60. WTI crude is down 0.9%, or $0.54, to $58.10/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:CarMax (KMX 89.33, +2.43): +2.8% after beating top and bottom-line estimates.AutoZone (AZO 1148.61, +1.35): +0.1% after providing mixed results. AutoZone missed earnings estimates but beat revenue estimates.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Japan's Nikkei +0.1%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.2%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex UNCH South Korea's Kospi +0.5%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.1%.In economic data:Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6)South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)In news:Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect.China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. STOXX Europe 600 +0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 +0.3%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.2%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3)U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13)France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)In news:The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced.The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%.Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.07:51STNG Scorpio Tankers to establish 'at the market' offering program pursuant to which the Company may sell up to $100 mln of its common shares (28.08 )07:46STNG Scorpio Tankers to acquire subsidiaries of Trafigura Maritime Logistics for an aggregate value of $803 mln, announces $50 mln private placement at $29.00/share (28.08 )The acquisition of the leasehold interest in the Vessels includes a finance lease arrangement (see description below) with a financial institution under a bareboat contract arrangement. The aggregate value of the Vessels is $803 million, and after the assumption of the present value of the finance lease arrangement of approximately $668 million, the Company will issue approximately 4.7 million shares at $29.00 per share to Trafigura for an aggregate market value of approximately $135 million. The above-mentioned shares will be subject to a customary lock-up through December 31, 2019.The Company also announced today private placements with Trafigura for $35 million and Scorpio Services Holding Ltd., a related party, for $15 million for an aggregate of $50 million or 1,724,137 shares at $29.00 per share.07:31UNVR Univar Solutions prices 11,594,268 common stock offering by selling stockholders at $21.20/share (21.86 )07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +0.1%, FTSE -0.1%, CAC +0.3%Major European indices trade with modest gains while the U.K.'s FTSE (-0.1%) underperforms. The British Supreme Court ruled that Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, prorogued the parliament illegally. Several British politicians have called for the prime minister's resignation after the court's decision was announced. The Bank of Spain lowered Spain's 2019 GDP growth forecast to 2.0% from 2.4%. Germany's ifo Business Climate Survey for September was slightly better than expected but the Business Expectations component decreased to its lowest level since mid-2009.In economic data: Germany's September ifo Business Climate Index 94.6 (expected 94.5; last 94.3). September Current Assessment 98.5 (expected 97.0; last 97.4) and September Business Expectations 90.8 (expected 91.8; last 91.3) U.K.'s August Public Sector Net Borrowing GBP5.77 bln (expected GBP6.60 bln; last -GBP1.47 bln). September CBI Industrial Trends Orders -28 (expected -14; last -13) France's September Business Survey 102, as expected (last 103)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.3% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: +0.3% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.2% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.4%---FX---EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.0992 GBP/USD: +0.2% to 1.2457 USD/CHF: -0.1% to 0.989007:26S&P futures vs fair value: +14.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +43.80.07:16WIRES On The WiresRTI Surgical Holdings, Inc. (RTIX), announced the full commercial launch of the CervAlign Anterior Cervical Plate System to add to the growth of its Established Therapies spine portfolio.Moody's Corporation (MCO) announced that it has named Robert Fauber, currently President of Moody's Investors Service, to the new role of Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Moody's Corporation.Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNST) announced that the Company has dosed the first patient in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of CPI-0209.Provention Bio, Inc., (PRVB), reiterated its regulatory strategy regarding PRV-031 (teplizumab) for the prevention or delay of clinical type 1 diabetes (T1D) in individuals at-risk of developing the disease. Based on written communications from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and FDA's designation of PRV-031 as a breakthrough therapy, the Company believes that existing clinical and non-clinical data for PRV-031 will be sufficient to support a Biologics License Application (BLA) submission for PRV-031 in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the at-risk indication. The Company expects to meet with the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2019 to discuss this expedited development plan.The Ivy Brain Tumor Center at Barrow Neurological Institute, announced a new collaboration with QED Therapeutics, Inc., a subsidiary of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc., (BBIO) to investigate the FGFR1-3 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, infigratinib, for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM). With the goal of addressing unmet medical needs for those affected by malignant brain cancer, this collaboration will focus on targeting FGFR (fibroblast growth factor receptor) genetic alterations that have been shown to spur growth in malignant tumors.07:04BB BlackBerry beats by $0.01, misses on revs; guides FY20 revs in-line (7.51 )Reports Q2 (Aug) net of breakeven, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of ($0.01); revenues rose 16.2% year/year to $244 mln vs the $267.91 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees FY20 revs of +23-25% yr/yr to $1.13-1.15 bln vs. $1.13 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Management ChangeWith its focus on long-term, sustainable growth, BlackBerry announces that Steve Capelli will move into the newly-created role of Chief Revenue Officer to drive revenue-generating and business development activities across the company. BlackBerry promotes Steve Rai from Deputy Chief Financial Officer to Chief Financial Officer. These changes take effect as of October 1, 2019.07:04SASR Sandy Spring Banc to acquire Revere Bank for $460.7 mln (35.33 )Under the terms of the agreement, Revere shareholders will receive 1.05 shares of Sandy Spring common stock for each share of Revere common stock. The transaction, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020, has a value of $460.7 million in the aggregate, based on Sandy Spring's closing price of $35.33 on September 23, 2019. Upon closing, Sandy Spring shareholders will own approximately 74% of the combined company and Revere shareholders will own approximately 26% of the combined company.07:01CSII Cardiovascular Systems announces FDA PMA approval of the new ViperWire Advance Coronary Guide Wire with Flex Tip (50.03 )07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +0.1%, Hang Seng +0.2%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a generally flat note. Bank of Japan Governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, said that while the bank has no current plans to step up stimulus measures, it would target short and medium-term rates if it chose to lower rates. The BoJ will meet at the end of October, one month after the sales tax increase goes into effect. China's National Development and Reform Commission vice chairman, Ning Jizhe, said that China's growth stabilization efforts will be stepped up and that construction of investment projects will speed up.In economic data: Japan's flash September Manufacturing PMI 48.9 (expected 49.5; last 49.3) and flash Services PMI 52.8 (last 53.3). July Leading Index 93.7 (expected 93.6; last 93.6) South Korea's August PPI +0.2% m/m (expected -0.1%; last 0.0%); -0.6% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.1% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.2% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: UNCH South Korea's Kospi: +0.5% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.1%---FX---USD/JPY: +0.2% to 107.71 USD/CNH: -0.1% to 7.1046 USD/INR: +0.3% to 70.9906:59SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:JAG +10.1%, FDP +9.4%, ZEAL +6%, GME +2.4%, LGF.A +2%, DIS +0.8%, MMSI +0.8%Gapping down:VSI -11.4%, NIO -8.5%, UNVR -3.3%, VER -2.7%, PDD -2.3%, PLMR -2%, BUD -1.1%, INFO -0.6%06:58WIRES On The WiresAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) and Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. announced that Alibaba Group has received a newly-issued 33% equity interest in Ant Financial following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the 2014 transaction agreements and the relevant amendments to those agreements.Dassault Systmes SE (DASTY) and Medidata Solutions, Inc. (MDSO) announced that the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) will initiate an additional 45 calendar day examination for the proposed acquisition of Medidata by Dassault Systmes. The parties continue to target the fourth quarter of 2019 for the closing of the merger.Turning Point Brands, Inc. (TPB), announced that Thomas F. Helms, Jr. retires as the non-executive Chairman of the Board and director of the company after 31 years of service. There were no disagreements between Mr. Helms and TPB.New Age Beverages Corporation (NBEV) announced the approval by the Japanese Narcotics Control Division and the Japanese Ministry of Health for New Age's CBD products in Japan and the company's subsequent launch into the market effective immediately.McDermott International, Inc. (MDR) announced that it was awarded a sizeable front-end engineering design (FEED) contract by POSCO INTERNATIONAL Corporation for the Shwe Phase 3 gas field development, located offshore Myanmar. McDermott defines a sizeable contract as between USD $1 million and USD $50 million.06:58S&P futures vs fair value: +13.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +39.10.06:58European MarketsFTSE...7317.99...-8.10...-0.10%. DAX...12344.17...+1.80...+0.00%.06:58Asian MarketsNikkei...22099...+19.80...+0.10%. Hang Seng...26281...+58.60...+0.20%.06:58AZO AutoZone misses by $0.84, beats on revs (1147.26 )Reports Q4 (Aug) earnings of $20.95 per share, $0.84 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $21.79; revenues rose 12.1% year/year to $3.99 bln vs the $3.93 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Domestic same store sales, or sales for stores open at least one year, increased 3.0% for the quarter. Same store sales are computed on a 16-week basis.06:56FLR Fluor announces strategic review results -- will sell government and equipment businesses, cuts quarterly dividend to $0.10/share from $0/21/share (20.70 )As a result of the strategic review, the company concluded that the divestitures of select businesses will simultaneously improve the financial stability of the company and allow the remaining businesses to refocus on engineering, construction and maintenance services in core markets. The company is initiating plans to sell its construction equipment rental company (AMECO) and its government business, and to monetize surplus real estate and non-core investments. Fluor anticipates these actions to generate in excess of $1 billion in aggregate proceeds. In addition, the company plans to reduce its quarterly dividend to $0.10 per share beginning with the next quarterly dividend declaration.The results of the operational review led to key leadership changes, the development of improved pursuit criteria and a new organizational structure. The company will shift to a model in which business groups have direct control over the functions that support operations. These actions are expected to improve the speed of decision making and drive greater accountability within the businesses. As a result of these and other changes, the company anticipates overhead reductions of $100 million.Consistent with the board's commitment to strong governance with focused oversight of risk, the board recently elected Thomas Leppert and David Constable as new board members. Leppert and Constable both bring significant capital project experience to the board. The board also formed a Commercial Strategies & Operational Risk committee that will be chaired by David Constable. The purpose of the committee is to provide guidance to management with respect to the company's commercial strategies and provide oversight of the company's project-related risk governance framework and risk appetite.The co also announced that Peter Fluor, the company's current lead independent director, will not stand for re-election at the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders. In connection with this announcement, Peter Fluor has also stepped down as the chairman of the organization and compensation committee.06:56KMX CarMax beats by $0.07, beats on revs; comps +3.2% (86.90 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $1.40 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.33; revenues rose 9.1% year/year to $5.2 bln vs the $5.06 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Total used vehicle unit sales increased 6.2%, including a 3.2% increase in comparable store used unit sales compared with the prior year's second quarter. The comparable store sales performance reflected strong conversion and solid growth in web traffic. Total wholesale vehicle unit sales increased 4.7% compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2019, largely driven by an increase in our appraisal buy rate, partially offset by lower appraisal traffic.06:32SWTX SpringWorks Therapeutics: European Commission grants orphan drug designation for nirogacestat for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma (27.82 )SpringWorks is currently enrolling patients in the Phase 3 DeFi trial of nirogacestat for the treatment of adult patients with progressing desmoid tumors, which are a type of soft-tissue tumors that are often treated by sarcoma specialists. Desmoid tumors are rare and often debilitating and disfiguring, and can aggressively invade surrounding healthy tissues and cause significant morbidities, including severe pain, internal bleeding, incapacitating loss of range of motion, and, in rare cases, death.It is estimated that 1,000 to 1,500 new desmoid tumor patients are diagnosed each year in the United States.06:19KMPR Kemper announces that Anastasios Omiridis has joined the company as deputy CFO and principal accounting officer reporting to Kemper CFO James McKinney (157.71 )Previously, Omiridis served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Chubb Life, a segment of Chubb (CB).06:13NIO NIO misses by RMB 1.24, beats on revs; guides Q3 revs below two analyst estimate; implements comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures, cancels conference call (2.72 )Reports Q2 (Jun) loss of RMB 3.11 per share, excluding non-recurring items, RMB 1.24 worse than the single analyst estimate of (RMB 1.87); revenues rose 3180.2% year/year to RMB 1.51 bln vs the RMB 1.21 bln two analyst estimate.Deliveries of the ES8 were 3,140 in the second quarter of 2019, compared with 3,989 vehicles delivered in the first quarter of 2019. Deliveries of the ES6 reached 413 in the second quarter of 2019."In response to the overall tempered market conditions, we are also working hard to maximize returns on our resources and have implemented comprehensive efficiency and cost control measures across the organization. These measures aim to further improve efficiency and streamline operations within our sales and service network and R&D activities. We target to reduce our global headcount to be around 7,800 by the end of the third quarter from over 9,900 in January 2019, and aim to further pursue a leaner operation through additional restructuring and spinning off some non-core businesses by year end" Balance of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investment was RMB3,455.6 million (US$503.4 million) as of June 30, 2019.Co issues downside guidance for Q3, sees Q3 revs of RMB 1.59-1.66 bln vs. RMB 4.3 bln two analyst estimate; sees deliveries between 4,200 and 4,400 units, representing an increase of approximately 18.2% to 23.8% from the second quarter of 2019The co also announced that it will not hold its previously scheduled second quarter 2019 earnings conference call at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time today, Tuesday, September 24, 2019 (8:00 p.m. Beijing Time on September 24, 2019).06:13WIRES On The WiresCabot (CBT) announced the grand opening of its newest fumed silica manufacturing facility, located in Wuhai, Inner Mongolia, China. The state-of-the-art manufacturing site adds approximately 8,000 metric tons of annual fumed silica capacity to Cabot's global network and will serve the rapidly growing fumed silica market in China. With the opening of this facility, Cabot builds on its leadership position and becomes the largest provider of fumed silica in the Chinese market.NI (NATI) announced the S.E.A. C-V2X Open Loop Test System, leveraging 5G wireless cellular technology to provide high bandwidth and low latency communication for Vehicle-to-Vehicle and Vehicle-to-Infrastructure communications.06:11VER VEREIT upsizes offering by 11 mln shares and prices 82 mln shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $779 mln (9.73 )06:04INFO IHS Markit beats by $0.04, misses on revs; reaffirms FY19 EPS guidance, lowers FY19 revs below consensus (66.92 )Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.67 per share, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.63; revenues rose 11.1% year/year to $1.11 bln vs the $1.12 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co lowers guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $2.52-2.57 vs. $2.57 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY19 revs of $4.40-4.42 bln vs. $4.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus, and down from prior guidance of $4.43-4.50 bln.06:01TOT Total S.A. Board of Directors decides to accelerate dividend growth with a guidance of increasing the dividend by 5 to 6% per year (53.67 )Co reviewed the outlook for the Group through 2025. Total is demonstrating its ability to maintain a sustainable pre-dividend breakeven below 30 $/b and a solid financial position with a gearing objective below 20%. The Group also reaffirms its strong discipline on investment and cost.Delivering on its strategy for sustainable and profitable growth in oil and gas activities as well as investing in growing energy markets, notably LNG and low-carbon electricity, provide stronger visibility on the future of the Group.06:01BUD Anheuser-Busch InBev prices IPO of 1.262 mln shares of a minority stake of its Asia Pacific subsidiary, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited at 27.00 HKD per share (96.34 )The Company has also partially exercised an offer size adjustment option, issuing an additional 189,354,000 shares for a total of 1,451,704,000 shares to cover market demand. The initial public offering is also subject to an over-allotment option of up to 217,755,000 additional shares at the same offer price. Subject to customary closing conditions, the shares are expected to begin trading on 30 September 2019 on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited under the stock code 1876.06:00ZEAL Zealand Pharma announces positive results in the pediatric Phase 3 trial with dasiglucagon for severe hypoglycemia in diabetes (25.52 )The primary result demonstrated that the median time to blood glucose recovery was 10 minutes for dasiglucagon, which was superior to placebo (median: 30 min; p<0.001). The median time to recovery for GlucaGen was 10 minutes. Overall, no safety concerns were raised for dasiglucagon within the trial. Nausea and vomiting were reported with dasiglucagon in both age groups (6-11 years; nausea: 25% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 92% and vomiting: 67%). For GlucaGen (6-11 years; nausea: 50% and vomiting: 25%; 12-17 years; nausea: 17% and vomiting: 0%).06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets trade modestly higher overnightThe global equity markets outside of the US are off to a modestly higher start to the day, while the US has seen a sharp rebound that has gotten the S&P Futures back above the 3000 mark. It's unclear what the driving force is but there was a small positive in trade tensions after China's central government announced it would allow companies to purchase soybeans from the US tariff free. Spoos are trading about nine points higher to 3006 with a high of 3012.25 and a low of 3007.75.In Asia, both China and Japan closed up marginally. The small concession made by the Chinese government surrounding soybean purchases may have helped buoy the Shanghai. Japanese traders returned to their trading desks following a holiday weekend only to witness a lackluster day with the Nikkei closing up 0.1%. The yen was slightly lower against the dollar, lending mild support to equities.In Europe, the major bourses are mixed. The overall net changes are small and markets have been in a relatively tight trading range. After dismal PMI readings on Monday, Germany saw a relief with a slightly better than expected business confidence survey. The September IFO came in at 94.6, a tick higher than the expectation of 94.5 and up from 94.3 in August.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: +13.010 yr Note: 1.72%USD/JPY: 107.77 +0.23EUR/USD: 1.0998 +0.0005Europe: FTSE -0.2% DAX +0.2% CAC +0.3%Asia: Hang Seng +0.2% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +0.1%Gold (1528.20 -3.30) Silver (18.67 -0.05) Crude (58.05 -0.59)17:23RILY B. Riley Financial files for $250 mln mixed securities shelf offering (25.10 +0.16)17:07HWC Hancock Whitney approved an increase and extension of its previously announced common stock buyback program (38.58 +0.16)The original authorization, approved in May 2018 for up to 5% of shares outstanding, or approximately 4.3 million shares, was set to expire December 31, 2019. Today's action increases the authorization to 5.5 million shares (which equates to approximately $212 million based on today's closing price) with a new expiration date of December 31, 2020.17:06VSI Vitamin Shoppe ended negotiations with bidder during the "go-shop" period; Board reaffirms recommendation in favor of pending merger with Franchise Group (7.22 0.00)As previously disclosed on September 9, 2019, the co received an acquisition proposal to acquire the Company from a third party (the "Bidder") during the "go-shop" period contemplated by the terms of the previously announced merger agreement by and among the Company, Franchise Group and Valor Acquisition. On September 23, 2019, in light of the failure of the Bidder to obtain committed financing, the co determined to cease negotiations with the Bidder as of such date. Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor the Special Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has changed its recommendation in favor of the Company's pending merger with Franchise Group and each expressly reaffirms its recommendation in favor of the pending merger with Franchise Group.17:03UNVR Univar Solutions announces sale of 11,594,268 shares of common stock by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (21.86 -0.14)Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities propose initially to offer the shares of common stock to the public at a fixed price. After the offering, the public offering price or any other term of the offering may be changed. CD&R will receive all of the net proceeds from this offering representing the conclusion of a 9-year investment in Univar Solutions.17:02NKTR Nektar Therapeutics announces acceptance of abstract for presentation at the 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference (19.93 -0.23)New data from a cohort of patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer who were enrolled in the PIVOT-02 study will be presented at the upcoming 5th CRI-CIMT-EATI-AACR Cancer Immunotherapy Conference, which is being held from September 25-28 at the Espace Grand Arche de la Defense in Paris. The PIVOT-02 study is evaluating bempegaldesleukin (bempeg, NKTR-214) in combination with nivolumab in a range of advanced and/or metastatic solid tumor settings.16:56PDD Pinduoduo announces offering of US$875 mln in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024 (33.82 -0.26)The company plans to use proceeds to enhance and expand its business operations, for research and development, to continue to invest in and develop its technology infrastructure, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.16:52BANC Banc of California entered into Memorandum of Understanding to settle litigation (14.23 -0.11)On September 16, 2019, co entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the lead plaintiff to settle class action lawsuits that were previously consolidated in the United District Court for the Central District of California. Under the terms of the MOU, the co's insurance carriers would pay $19.75 million, which would be distributed to shareholders who purchased stock between April 15, 2016 and January 20, 2017, after payment of attorney's fees and costs. The co would not be required to contribute any cash to the settlement payments. Pursuant to the settlement, the action against the company would be dismissed with prejudice. Plaintiff would also dismiss its claims against the former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Steven Sugarman. While the co does not believe the plaintiff's claims are meritorious, the Company believes that ending the costs and distraction of the litigation is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.16:39EXPR Express promotes COO Matthew Moellering to President and COO (2.74 +0.02)16:23WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 finished flat on Monday in a mixed, and tight-ranged, session. Disappointing flash manufacturing PMI readings out of the eurozone kept many buyers sidelined, but encouraging manufacturing activity in the U.S. helped abate early selling pressure. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.1%), and Russell 2000 (-0.1%) finished little changed.The session began on a lower note, largely in response to those weaker-than-expected PMI readings overseas. Most notably, Germany's flash PMI for September fell deeper into contraction territory to its lowest reading (41.4) since 2009. The good news was that the Markit's flash manufacturing PMI reading for the U.S. increased to 51.1 from 50.3, reflecting the continued resiliency of the U.S. economy.The S&P 500 was down just 0.3% at its session low and crossed into positive territory as soon as European markets closed for trading at 11:30 a.m. ET. The broader market maintained this positive disposition throughout the afternoon but faded into the close.Most S&P 500 sectors finished within 0.3% of their unchanged marks. The consumer staples sector (+0.4%) outperformed the broader market, while the health care (-0.6%) and communication services (-0.4%) sectors underperformed.Apple (AAPL 218.72, +0.99, +0.5%) and most stocks within the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+1.0%) showed relative strength throughout the day. The semiconductor space bounced back from Friday's decline following reports indicating that officials from the U.S. and China described last week's trade talks as "productive" and "constructive," respectively.In corporate news, American Express (AXP 118.25, +1.45, +1.2%) announced a 120 million share repurchase program and increased its quarterly dividend 10%. Lululemon athletica (LULU 195.18, +5.88, +3.1) rose 3% after the stock was initiated with an Overweight rating at Piper Jaffray.The U.S. Treasury market reflected some lingering growth concerns as increased demand pushed yields lower. The 2-yr yield declined three basis points to 1.67%, and the 10-yr yield declined six basis points to 1.71%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.1% to 98.62. WTI crude rose 1.0%, or $0.60, to $58.64/bbl.Investors did not receive any notable economic data on Monday. Looking ahead, investors will receive the Conference Board's Consumer Confidence Index for September, the FHFA Housing Price Index for July, and the S&P Case-Shiller Home Price Index for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +12.3% YTDS&P 500 +19.3% YTDRussell 2000 +15.6% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.5% YTD16:22VER VEREIT announces public offering of 71.0 mln shares of common stock (9.73 -0.07)The company intends to use proceeds to pay amounts owed in connection with the settlement of certain litigation and for general corporate purposes.16:20MTDR Matador Resources announces receipt of six Bureau of Land Management drilling permits in western Antelope Ridge asset area (17.31 +0.28)The company had anticipated receipt of these permits late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2019. Matador is also pleased to announce that it has initiated drilling operations on these wells, which Matador will refer to as the "Rodney Robinson" wells.The 1,200 gross and net acre Rodney Robinson tract is one of the key tracts Matador acquired in the BLM New Mexico Oil and Gas Lease Sale in September 2018. Matador anticipates drilling these first six wells, all two-mile laterals, from two separate three-well pads. These wells are currently scheduled to be completed and turned to sales late in the first quarter of 2020. Pending approval and receipt of additional drilling permits from the BLM, Matador also believes it is on track to begin operations in early 2020 on its Stateline asset area, including 2,800 gross and net acres acquired as part of the BLM Acquisition, in which case Matador intends to move two of its operated drilling rigs to the Stateline asset area to initiate a multi-year drilling program there.16:20RIG Transocean relinquishes interests in Samsung Heavy drillships under construction (5.83 +0.01)Upon relinquishment of the Drillships, Transocean's indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries will not make further payments to SHI under the construction contracts. The total estimated future costs associated with the delivery and placing the Drillships into service would have been approximately $1.1 billion, which includes future payments to SHI under the construction contracts and costs related to spares, materials and supplies, and to the commissioning and mobilization of the rigs. The construction contracts are not guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. or any of its affiliates.16:19CDMO Avid Bioservices' Board voted to accelerate the expiration of the Stockholder Rights Plan (poison pill) (5.77 -0.19)The action of the Board of Directors accelerated the expiration date of the Company's current Stockholder Rights Plan to September 23, 2019. The rights plan had been originally due to expire on March 16, 2021. In taking this action, the Board reserved the right to take any future action that it determines in the exercise of its fiduciary duties to be necessary or advisable in order to protect the interests of stockholders.16:17IBP Installed Building Products acquires Northeast Spray Insulation and Minnesota Spray-Foam Insulation; terms not disclosed (59.22 -0.12)Northeast provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services, as well as thermal barrier services for residential single- and multi-family customers throughout Maine and New Hampshire. Founded in 2001, Northeast has annual revenue of approx. $3.6 mln. MSI provides spray foam, fiberglass, and cellulose insulation installation services to residential customers throughout Minnesota. Founded in 2001, MSI has annual revenue of approx. $1.6 mln.16:17POWL Powell Inds CEO Brett Cope to assume role of Chairman after Thomas Powell elected to step down as Chairman (38.95 -0.26)In recognition of Mr. Powell's longstanding service and contributions, the Board designated Mr. Powell as Chairman Emeritus of the Board. Mr. Powell intends to continue actively serving as a director on the Board. The Company also announced today that, in connection with Mr. Powell's transition to Chairman Emeritus, the Board elected Brett A. Cope as its new Chairman of the Board as of September 16, 2019.16:11BGCP BGC Partners confirms it is "comfortable" with the mid-point of Q3 range of its previously stated outlook for revenues and pre-tax adjusted earnings (5.59 +0.09)Prior Q3 Guidance: adj earnings of $80-95 mln, revs $490-530 mln (vs $510 mln consensus)16:07PLMR Palomar Holdings launches secondary public offering of 5.0 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders (38.01 +0.07)Selling stockholders include affiliates of of Genstar Capital and certain directors and officers of the company. The selling stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from the offering.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 24, 2019End of Document

Nationalism over NBA fandom: Fans support 'motherland' ChinaAssociated Press InternationalOctober 12, 2019 Saturday 5:14 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS NEWSLength: 1219 wordsByline: By YANAN WANG, Associated PressDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - When Wu Xintong's favorite team, the Los Angeles Lakers, played the Brooklyn Nets in Shanghai this Thursday, she broke a viewing streak of more than 10 years and deliberately missed the game.Until recently, the 20-year-old student in northern Hebei province had followed her idol, Kobe Bryant, religiously. She meticulously recorded in a notebook the details of every Lakers performance, down to the time stamps of certain players' moves. By her own accounting, two-thirds of her closet is filled with Lakers jerseys and other purple and gold apparel, not to mention the Lakers mugs, stickers and cellphone cases she keeps in a box.But then Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey tweeted last week in support of anti-government protests in Hong Kong, and everything changed for fans like Wu. A new chant flooded Chinese sports forums: "I can live without basketball, but I can't live without my motherland."The burst of patriotic fervor - buoyed by Chinese companies swiftly suspending their NBA partnerships - came on the heels of a grand celebration marking 70 years of Communist Party rule in China. President Xi Jinping, the country's most powerful leader in decades, has rallied the populace around the promise of a Chinese Dream and national rejuvenation, a stronger domestic economy paired with global influence to rival that of the U.S. It is a vision increasingly trumpeted by ordinary Chinese people, who have found solidarity amid a protracted trade war and Hong Kong democracy movement, crises that the government has portrayed as deliberate bids to contain China's inevitable development.On China's National Day, as audiences across the country tuned in for a military parade that showed off long-range missiles and a nuclear-armed glider, black-clad demonstrators in Hong Kong were burning the national flag and defacing photographs of Xi.The government has depicted the mass pro-democracy protests, which began peacefully in June but have grown increasingly violent, as fringe riots led by foreign-influenced separatists bent on destroying the semi-autonomous Chinese city. This narrative has largely succeeded on the mainland, where internet memes deride the protesters as "trash youth" and refer to Hong Kong as China's "high-maintenance girlfriend." After NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said he supported Morey's right to free speech, angry online nationalists set their targets on the basketball league."You eat at our house and then spit in our food," said commenters on the Twitter-like Weibo platform, referring to the NBA's multibillion-dollar ties to China.The NBA controversy may have been the most high-profile, but it was far from the only debacle to involve an American corporation offending the ruling Communist Party's political sensibilities within the same span of days. Apple and jeweler Tiffany & Co. suffered immediate censure for appearing to support the Hong Kong protests, video game giant Activision Blizzard punished a high-ranked gamer for shouting Hong Kong protest slogans during a webcast, and "South Park" published a tongue-in-cheek apology for an episode about U.S. corporations succumbing to Chinese censorship.On online forums and Weibo, web users reveled in the power of the Chinese consumer. One circulated image depicted Morey as a cartoon character lying awake at night, sleepless after squandering the Chinese market."The outpouring of anger from Chinese internet users appears to be real rather than manufactured, with hardly any sign of dissent," said Jessica Chen Weiss, a Cornell University professor who studies Chinese nationalism. "But this chorus of outrage also reflects how effective the Chinese government's messaging and propaganda have been at fanning popular nationalism, depicting the Hong Kong protests as an illegitimate separatist movement and framing the ongoing trade and tech war as a national struggle against foreign aggression."The outrage coincides with a swell of patriotism from the National Holiday at the start of this month. Nationwide, flags handed out by the government festooned shop entrances and residential buildings. As homework for the weeklong holiday, elementary schoolchildren were assigned to take a photo of themselves standing beside a flag, as well as to write poems about their feelings toward the motherland.A film called "My People, My Country" depicted seven pivotal moments in the history of the People's Republic, featuring major stars as a fighter jet pilot, an atom bomb scientist, a taxi driver and others who have played roles in China's development. Many Chinese people said they couldn't stop humming the movie's theme, sung by pop idol Faye Wong and played on a loop in many public venues.Historical events covered in "My People, My Country" included the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the anniversary of the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War, and the 1997 handover, when Hong Kong was returned to China from British rule."No force can stop the progress of the Chinese people," Xi said in a televised speech on National Day.In a country where criticizing the Communist Party invites censorship and even arrest, expressions of love for the nation are a safer and more straightforward bet."Online nationalism is an outcome of patriotic education efforts: identification with the Chinese nation has become part of many people's identities, as have the stories of national humiliation at the hands of foreign imperialists and the recent rise to glory," said Florian Schneider, director of the Leiden Asia Centre in the Netherlands.Schneider added, however, that much like angry online commentary elsewhere in the world, Chinese nationalist sentiments can rapidly fade as people lose steam or other topics vie for their attention.Fans and companies' eagerness to attack and dismiss the NBA has not gone unquestioned in China. Some online commentators, including the editor-in-chief of the nationalistic Global Times, challenged the fruitfulness of completely disassociating from the NBA."Ending cooperation with the NBA does not have to become a kind of trend," said Hu Xijin, who in a separate commentary called patriotism one of China's greatest resources.J.C. Wang, a 23-year-old sports microblogger in central Henan province, said he hopes young people won't blindly harass Chinese fans and NBA players in the name of patriotism, though he also feels that Morey and the NBA should apologize."For a large number of Chinese basketball fans, NBA is already an indispensable part of life," Wang said.Then he echoed a conviction expressed by many online: "I love basketball and the NBA, but I also know why I can comfortably lie in bed at home and watch the NBA in the first place."In other words, without China's economic progress, opportunities to enjoy such leisure activities wouldn't even be available. This week, the Communist Party has proven that it can just as swiftly take these luxuries away.While the pre-season Shanghai game between the Lakers and Nets went ahead as scheduled, it was not broadcast online or aired on state television. No Chinese media outlets reported on the game."If no one else around me is watching, (NBA fandom) may just become something that never happened," Wang said.___Associated Press researchers Shanshan Wang and Yu Bing in Beijing contributed to this report.Load-Date: October 13, 2019End of Document

Chinese state television does not broadcast early NBA seasonCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 23, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 328 wordsBodyThe Chinese state television CCTV did not broadcast the inaugural games of the 74th NBA season, after the friction between the Chinese government and the American Basketball League, raised by a commentary to support the protests in Hong Kong.The Tencent Chinese technology Group, which makes online broadcasting, reduced the planned schedule and broadcast only the departure between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Clippers.The decision arises after the controversy initiated by a message broadcast on the social network Twitter, which is blocked in China by the Director-General of the Houston Rockets, Daryl Morey.Earlier this month, Morey wrote "Fight for Freedom. Hong Kong force, "echoing a maximum of the anti-governmental manifestations that have lasted five months in the semiautonomous region of China.Initially the retaliatory measures reached only the Houston Rockets, with several Chinese trading partners suspenting their business with the club and selling Rockets equipment to be withdrawn from stores.But the Chinese government turned to the whole league after NBA Commissioner Adam Silver defended Daryl Morey's "freedom of political expression."Silver also supported the right to freedom of expression of Joe Tsai, owner of the Nets Club and co-founder of the Chinese technology group Alibaba, who stated that Morey supported a "separatist movement".The NBA commissioner also said that the league's decision to apologize to supporters in China "is not inconsistent in supporting the right of someone to have their point of view."The NBA initially attempted to distance itself from the incident through an English statement in which it classified as "pitiful" the message disseminated by Morey.In a widespread comment this weekend, CCTV said that Adam Silver "will pay sooner or later," after he revealed last week that the Chinese authorities made it clear that they wanted Morey to be removed from his position.The Chinese government denied Silver's claim.Load-Date: February 24, 2020End of Document

UNITED NATIONS: THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLYStates News ServiceSeptember 27, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 4570 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the Independent Women's Forum:featuring Beverly Hallberg and Claudia RosettOn this episode of the She Thinks podcast, Claudia Rosett joins to talk about the United Nations a timely topic given the 74th session of the UN General Assembly in NYC this past week. Claudia explains how the UN came to be, analyzes whether or not its been an effective body since its establishment in 1945, and reviews what happened at their latest meeting.Claudia is a foreign policy fellow with Independent Women's Forum, and an award-winning journalist who has reported over the past 37 years from Asia, the former Soviet Union, Latin America and the Middle East. She is widely credited with groundbreaking reporting on corruption at the United Nations. She has contributed to numerous publications, including The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She makes frequent appearances on TV and radio, and has appeared before six U.S. Senate and House committees and subcommittees to testify on such topics as U.N. corruption and reform, and the Iran-North Korea strategic alliance.Beverly H.:And welcome to She Thinks, a podcast where you're allowed to think for yourself. I'm your host, Beverly Hallberg, and on this episode we are discussing the United Nations, which is timely since the 74th session of the UN General Assembly gathered this week in New York City. Joining us to give us her thoughts on how it went, is Claudia Rosett. She's also going to explain the background of the UN, and whether or not it's been an effective body since its establishment in 1945.Beverly H.:Before we bring her on though, a little bit about Claudia. Claudia is a foreign policy fellow with Independent Women's Forum, and an award winning journalist who has reported over the past 37 years from Asia, the former Soviet Union, Latin America, and the Middle East. She is widely credited with groundbreaking reporting on corruption at the UN. And she has contributed to numerous publications including the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times. She also makes frequent appearances on TV and radio, and has appeared before six U.S. Senate and house committees and subcommittees to testify on such topics as UN corruption and reform, and the Iran-North Korea Strategic Alliance. Claudia, such a pleasure to have you on today.Claudia Rosett:Pleasure to be here, thank you.Beverly H.:And I first of all, want to let everybody listening know that you are joining us from Hong Kong today. Of course, Hong Kong has made a lot of news over the protests that are going on there. First of all, what are you seeing on the ground, and what did you make of the president's speech this week in which he referred to China in Hong Kong?Claudia Rosett:President Trump did a good thing in saying that the U.S. is watching very closely, how China is dealing with Hong Kong. I'd love to hear him say much more along those lines. It was a good thing to do on a world stage.Claudia Rosett:What's going on on the ground is the confrontation between people who want free elections here, and that would be a huge part of the population, of a city of seven and a half million, and the tyranny that is the government of China and it's [inaudible 00:02:18] chief executive here. That showdown continues to go on. This is going in... This has been the 16th week. And the government has given really nothing of substance, and the protesters are not backing down.Claudia Rosett:So it's quite a confrontation that's going on. And I would actually say Hong Kong has been on the front line of the showdown of our century right now, between tyranny and freedom, playing out in a lot of graffiti and protests on the ground at the moment.Beverly H.:And when you think about how long this protest has gone on, and obviously they think the whole idea of being extradited to China is a big deal. Even though the Chinese government, and even their own leadership in Hong Kong, wants to tamp down those fears that there's any issue with that. It seems like the people really know what's at stake. If they continue to protest, do you think they have a chance of winning this battle?Claudia Rosett:It's a very hard battle to win. They're up against the government of China, which next Tuesday will celebrate 70 years in power, the ruling communist party, which has been responsible for the deaths of millions, and the repression of the world's most populous country since it took power. So will they prevail? It seems, that's very hard to see how that works. And at the same time, if they can simply stave off the encroachment on their freedoms, that will be something that buys them more time.Claudia Rosett:Now, the thing that triggered this, this threat by the chief executive, who was appointed by Beijing, her name is Carrie Lam, her proposal to pass a law that would allow extradition to China, which would have left them naked to the Chinese system of so-called justice, which isn't a system of justice. It is law as a tool of repression by the Communist Party, not as a tool of justice.Claudia Rosett:That has been finally, after months of protests, that the chief executive said she would withdraw it. But the reason that the protest flared up to such an extent is, it was one more piece, it was a big bad piece, but of this gradual, not so gradual, of this erosion of Hong Kong's freedoms, over and since China took charge of Hong Kong in 1997, since the British handed it over to China, and China promised a 50 year grace period, in which the rights and freedoms of Hong Kong would be respected by Beijing. China has been violating that. And the extradition bill, which should never been introduced, that, now being withdrawn, doesn't actually address the problems that had already produced protest over many years, especially five years ago.Claudia Rosett:So you have a fundamental problem here, and that is Hong Kong's people were promised free elections. They understand why that's important, why it's important to choose your own leaders, and they want them, and they have received nothing on that score. There has just been zero compromise or concession from the government. So when Trump stood up in front of the General Assembly and called out China for many of its violations of a civilized world order, for its hostility to the free world, and specifically pointed out that we are really watching what's going on in Hong Kong and expect China to honor its treaty promises, now that was a good use of the UN stage. That was a good moment.Beverly H.:And often we'll take a look at the United nations and whether it's talking about how much the U.S. spends in relation to other countries, or you talk about whether or not any of the resolutions they pass, since they're not non-binding, are they really effective. I think, why don't we just start with a background of the United Nations in general. You're an expert in this area. When was it created, and why was it created?Claudia Rosett:UN was created in 1945 at the end of World War II, and the high sounding, high-minded, aim was to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war. It was supposed to bring peace and prosperity and freedom and all these good things. And from the beginning it was just profoundly flawed. These are things that are hard to bring in any case, but it began by admitting to this brotherhood of countries that were supposed to promote things like freedom and individual dignity and peace, the Soviet Union's dictatorship of Joseph Stalin, as one of the victors of World War II. That was an alliance of convenience at the time, not an alliance of ideology. And that problem has multiplied ever since. The Soviet Union has collapsed.Claudia Rosett:But the UN is basically, it's not a democratic institution. It is a collective, stuffed with dictators, where the advantage goes to whoever is willing to exploit the UN system. Which fundamentally, once you're accounting to 193 member states, which is the UN, you're not accounting to anybody in the end. It's actually a quite dangerous, and rather perverse institution.Beverly H.:Well I even know the UN Human Rights Council is brought up quite often because you have countries where a leader may be running it, where there are human rights violations in their own country, yet they're supposed to be talking about the human rights of people across the world. That's one example of just the egregious nature. So, do you find that this actually helps allow or foster relationships of dictators that treat their people poorly, and foster relationships with other countries, and almost lifts them on a platform of seeming like a legitimate leader when they're not? So do you think the UN almost gives people legitimacy that should never have it to begin with?Claudia Rosett:Oh, of course, yeah. That's precisely what it does. In fact, when I began really reporting on the UN way back around 2002, one of the things that struck me was this is a clubhouse, and a very nice one, a very fancy, expensive one in Midtown Manhattan, with a great gilded chamber where they speak, is that it was a clubhouse for dictators, because they get the same privileges as free countries. They get a seat, they get votes, they get to sit on the boards of important agencies at the UN.Claudia Rosett:You know, one example would be Iran, is over and over turns up on the board of the UN's flagship agency, The UN Development Program, which Iran actually chaired that board in 2009. You get things like the biggest voting block in the General Assembly, has been headed in recent years by Venezuela, which is one of the most disastrously misruled countries on the planet right now with its socialist, horrible failure. You know, they don't have water or electricity, they're completely dysfunctional, but they're leading this group that's supposed to be involved in advancing development. They hosted a big meeting there of this voting caucus this past summer, and was praised for it by the President of the General Assembly, who praised Venezuela for its leadership. I mean that's a classic slice of what's wrong at the UN.Beverly H.:And I want to take a step back from that as well. You talked about the beautiful building that's based in New York, where everybody from across the world comes. What is the investment by the United States, especially in relation to other countries, when it comes to how much money we put into, probably just the cost of the building alone, let alone how we fund the UN itself?Claudia Rosett:Yeah, it's a multibillion dollar building. It was renovated some years ago... in recent years, at a cost of more than 2 billion. The U.S. usually picks up roughly one quarter of the tab for UN projects, because the UN doesn't have one budget, it has many. And the exact amount in that varies, sort of how much the U.S. chips in for each thing. But basically, we pay close to one quarter of the costs. And America is one vote of that 193 member General Assembly. So over and over, since the UN was founded, the U.S. not only hosts the UN, provides security for it, and provides the biggest share of the money from your tax dollars, more than 10 billion, for the last year, for which the UN gives consolidated figures, 10 billion out of a 53 billion system wide UN budget in 2017. That's an enormous amount of money in the hands of an unaccountable collective of governments packed with dictatorships.Claudia Rosett:But the other thing that the U.S. gives the UN is credibility. We legitimize this outfit that legitimizes dictators, because we host it, we keep it on our shores, we pour money into it, we treat it as if it were a very valuable institution, and the unfortunate truth is that it's an institution that is deeply entrenched, but it very often works on balance to undermine the interests of the United States, the free world, and so on.Beverly H.:And I want you to bring out some of those. So we talked about, first of all, it legitimizes dictators. So that's one problem. It costs us a lot of money. We're spending a lot more than any other country. Tell me, in your opinion, how does the UN undermine America's efforts, the idea of peace and freedom for all that we desire for everyone in this world, how does the UN specifically undermine that?Claudia Rosett:In a number of ways, they twist the definition of freedom, of human rights, and so on. You know, the Human Rights Council at the UN is a magnet for dictatorships, which sit on it and then try to redefine human rights, which is one of the reasons they're completely fixated on the only democracy in the Middle East, the country of Israel. They give a lot of these dictatorships, make sure that they get a pass. And this just permeates the UN.Claudia Rosett:The Security Council, which has 15 members, including five permanent members who get to veto resolutions. And that would be three free countries, the U.S., the UK, and France, and the victors or Victorious powers of world war II, and two that are the world's two leading, most powerful, prominent, predatory, dictatorships of our time, and of much less the post world war II era, Russia and China.Claudia Rosett:And in both cases, which inherited their seats from Russia, from the Soviet Union, which collapsed in 1991. China, the original China that belonged to the UN, was the Republic of China, the political... The China on Taiwan, that is now a democracy. They were supplanted at the UN in the early 1970s, by when President Nixon made his [inaudible 00:13:59] China, [inaudible 00:14:00] China, by the People's Republic of China, the TRC, the Communist China, that sits there today.Claudia Rosett:So you have two countries on the security council, which makes sure that they not only defend themselves and make sure nothing gets done at the UN that would sort of address the growing threat they pose to the free world, they also run interference for a lot of other countries, fellow dictatorships such as North Korea, where you see these levels of hypocrisy and abuse, basically.Claudia Rosett:China and Russia have both voted in favor of UN sanctions on North Korea over and over, but they then turn around and violate those sanctions, because the way the UN works it, is countries are responsible for enforcing their own compliance with UN dictates. So you know, China can say, "Yes, we are in favor." They do their horse trading so the U.S. will in some way reward them for voting in favor of sanctions on North Korea. This is just one example, and then they turn around and flagrantly violate them to China's benefit. And we end up with North Korea has a nuclear program, China has gotten nice things because it voted, in that case, with us, and world peace is certainly not served. We're now facing a nuclear armed North Korea.Claudia Rosett:At the same time in the General Assembly, which is the 193 member state, sort of, main assembly of the UN. A lot of these countries don't vote with the U.S. They vote along lines that basically breakout to supporting the policies of unfree states when they band together. I mean the coincidence of voting with the U.S. on important resolutions is very low and [crosstalk 00:15:58]Beverly H.:Well, let me jump in here. I have a question for you on that. So you talked about the history of the UN. It's been flawed and had issues from the start. We might be able to say that maybe there were good intentions behind creating it, even though those were not seen. So when you look at the UN, is there anything positive at all to the U.S., or to the ideas of freedom that the UN does bring, is there anything at all?Claudia Rosett:Well, I wish we could say there are also these wonderful upsides. No, I mean, there are some things they do that are useful and good. If you had a budget of $50 billion a year, you would probably manage to get some bed nets to children in Africa to help prevent malaria. You'd be able to do something. The question to ask though is, is this the best way to be doing it? In other words, the good things that it does, when it goes in on the ground and actually manages to get some blankets to refugees, and it is an incredibly cumbersome, corrupt bureaucracy, with a huge amount of simply venal financial corruption in there, because also, they're not very accountable, are there other ways that work better?Claudia Rosett:I mean, what we've seen over and over again with sort of natural disasters, tsunami relief for instance, is the UN immediately, the first thing they say is, "We need money to deal with this, more money." Even though they already have tens of billions rolling in every year from our people's tax dollars.Claudia Rosett:And the outfit that usually gets there and actually starts to really help is the United States. And similarly, the UN sort of likes to take credit for whatever peace and progress there has been since World War II. Over and over, if you look and ask, "Well how does this actually come about?" It was the United States, it was not the UN. It was the U.S. that won the Cold War, not the UN, where the Soviet Union sat on the Security Council and blocked anything it didn't like, and several groups of countries in the General Assembly to vote against the U.S. and the free world.Claudia Rosett:So the answer is, yes, it does some good things, but you look at something like UNICEF, the UN children's agency, and it has been involved in money laundering problems, in corruption cases, it has on its board dictatorships. You take the UN agency for women, UN Women, and that has on its board Iran and Saudi Arabia, which are places that were notorious for the mistreatment of women.Beverly H.:So, as you're talking about all these yeah-Claudia Rosett:[crosstalk 00:18:45] but-Beverly H.:Yeah, and that's like you were saying, it does good things-Claudia Rosett:[crosstalk 00:18:51]not enough.Beverly H.:But there would... There may be other ways to help in these areas as you were saying. So, the question that I have, with so much that we find fault in, and the ineffectiveness, and the lifting up of dictators. Is there ever, or has there ever been a real push, to try to dismantle the UN, or is it something that's so entrenched, there's not even that thought that we should get rid of it?Claudia Rosett:It's periodically discussed and then set aside as just impossible. It's sort of like trying to get rid of one of those old communist state companies, where it's so big that people just don't know how to get rid of it. And the answer with those, and I think, maybe the answer with the UN, is to simply try and pull it out, is really hard. There are so many vested interests, and it is so firmly hooked up to the money pipelines from, not only the U.S., but Japan, Germany, basically the developed nations, that that's very hard.Claudia Rosett:But what we can do, I think, is encourage any kind of competition from coalitions that are more functional. In other words, at the UN, they want to include everything. So you get North Korea, Zimbabwe, Sudan, Venezuela, Russia, China, Iran, sitting... have seats. They're included as if they were wonderful contributors to the world order.Claudia Rosett:The functional coalitions that have really done something useful, are outfits like NATO, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, which really did help hold the line against the Soviet Union during the Cold War. And more of those, anything that sort of diverts our resources, our reliance, our policy, into ways of actually addressing problems, rather than going to the UN where countries and coalitions that are in opposition to the free world will try and leverage their seats at the UN, into concessions from the free world. Anything that goes around that, or competes with it, is good. So it's not a deep clean solution, but I think that's the direction to go. The UN needs to become obsolete. Unfortunately right now, it's a real hindrance to the progress of free nations and of freedom in the world. And it's also very hard to see a way to actually get rid of it.Beverly H.:And final question for you, I think.Claudia Rosett:We can start by understanding what it is.Beverly H.:Sure, yeah, absolutely, which is why we're thankful that you're on the podcast to give us background on this, because I think there isn't a lot of quality information on the UN, and I want all our listeners to know that you have a great policy focused brief at iwf.org, on the UN. So people should good there, if you like what you're hearing today, read more. There's a lot more good information.Beverly H.:But I wanted to round out the podcast with probably the most fascinating scenes that we have seen at the UN in quite a while. And that is, we had a young girl from Sweden come to the UN, to scold the United States, to scold the President, to scold other leaders, about the issue of climate change. And one of the things I love about this country, is that people can come here and disagree and have the freedom to disagree, which I think is a wonderful thing. Of course, we can have our own critique about whether or not what she is saying is accurate, and that's reasonable for us to critique back. But I was just curious what you made of the whole issue, or the whole scene, because many people thought it was quite the spectacle.Claudia Rosett:Yeah, it was quite the spectacle. And, well one of the first things that jumps in my mind was, she sailed over on what was supposed to be an emissions free racing yacht, which sounds like a lot of fun. Wouldn't you love to do that at 16. If you actually ask, "Well, what did it take to manufacturer that racing yacht?" You get to the real emissions, okay? So the emissions free stuff, let's... That's nonsense. There's really no way to do it emissions free, you need to use energy. She could have swum, she still would have been emitting it. But that's just hypocrisy, which at the UN, we see all the time.Claudia Rosett:The deeper problem is that what she's doing, is basically lecturing the developed world on how they should conform to her vision. This is a classic piece of what's perverse about the UN. And the [inaudible 00:23:24] climate change thing is something that the UN has been pushing for years. The UN does extremely well out of it, and a lot of its so called science is highly politicized and extremely questionable. But the UN has these huge budgets, they pump out these reports that are so intricate, nobody could really understand them. So we all think, "Well, it must be science, since we don't understand it." And they kind of think like, " [inaudible 00:23:50] an expedition to inspect the snow level in ski resorts, again." Wouldn't you love to be on that particular excursion?Beverly H.:Sounds amazing. Yeah.Claudia Rosett:[crosstalk 00:24:00] Yeah, They have climate meetings to which everyone has flown in in Bali, because you couldn't, while lecturing the rest of us to Skype in and stay home, and those of us who can't afford racing yachts to cross the Atlantic when we want to go to New York, we had to travel back and forth. The UN itself, what is the heighth of hypocrisy, the head of the UN Environment Program based in Nairobi, was first... had to resign not so long ago, when the UN's own auditors discovered he'd spent almost half a million dollars jetting around in less than two years, at taxpayer expense, on flying around, some of that apparently for his own pleasure, even out at Paris and Oslo. Again, that's the UN.Claudia Rosett:On the issue of what's going on with the climate. Something that this young woman, who is lecturing us all in exactly how she'd like us to live, didn't mention, and the UN doesn't mention, is that one of the reasons where they were all sitting there in such comfort, able to fly in to New York City and enjoy all the amenities, one of the reasons for tremendous progress that has lifted hundreds of billions of people, into better standards of living and so on, is precisely the freedom, the capitalism, the things that are damned under this climate change sort of scheme that, and she applies to everything, are damned as carbon emitters. My God, they used energy in order to get there. By this measure, the most virtuous countries in the world are the ones that are poor and produce almost nothing.Claudia Rosett:Now, the problem there is, why are country's poor? Their people are capable of doing what other people are capable of doing. It's not that there's some group of people that's just born to be poor. Actually mankind generally, and womankind, have tremendous potential. The problem is, how are they ruled? And when you look at why a country is poor, almost always, the answer is misruled by dictators. Again, it's that classic problem at the UN. And here in the climate change scheme, the idea is that these sort of sainted countries are the ones where the governments have done terribly for their own people, have not allowed their own people to prosper. And they come to the UN and they're praised because they don't emit much.Claudia Rosett:And further to that, how has mankind adapted to the climate, which has always been changing? My own view is, I don't think we actually understand what's going on with the climate. It's immensely complex. But we do understand this much, or we should, I think. The way that human beings have adapted to climate, and we live in extremes all the time, from people who live above the Arctic Circle to the equator, is invention, creativity, we discovered fire, we made cars, we built buildings, we invented all sorts of ways of dealing with weather and climate. You'll notice that in, one of the then classic examples, North and South Korea, when there are bad floods, when the weather is terrible and the great floods come in, in North Korea, people starve and die, and in South Korea, just the other side of the 38th parallel, they're usually, okay.Beverly H.:Well Claudia, we so appreciate you joining us today, and also all your work in reporting on behind the scenes what goes on at the UN, giving us the history, and also pointing out so many of the egregious aspects of the UN. I look forward to reporting on Hong Kong. Do stay safe while you're there, and thank you so much for doing this even though you're on the other side of the world. So thank you so much.Claudia Rosett:Pleasure talking with you. Thank you, and everybody be well.Beverly H.:And thank you all for joining us. Again, do check out Claudia's work, specifically her policy focus brief on the UN at iwf.org. I also wanted to let you know of a great podcast that you should subscribe to, in addition to She Thinks. It's called Problematic Women, and it's hosted by Kelsey Bolar and Lauren Evans, where they both sort through the news to bring stories and interviews that are of particular interest to conservative leaning, or problematic women. That is women whose views and opinions are often excluded or mocked by those on the so called feminist left. Every Thursday, hear them talk about everything from pop culture to policy and politics, by searching for Problematic Women where ever you get your podcasts.Beverly H.:Last, if you enjoyed this episode of She Thinks, do leave us a rating or review on iTunes, it really does help, and I'd love it if you shared this episode. And do let your friends know where they can find more She Thinks episodes. From all of us here at Independent Women's Forum, thanks for listening.Load-Date: September 27, 2019End of Document

China shuts down NBA after management's support for Hong Kong protestsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 8, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 793 wordsBodyChina and the NBA have engaged in a dispute that threatens the expansion of the world's most powerful basketball league in the most important market outside the United States. At stake, a business that generates billions of dollars and whether or not it is compatible with the Asian giant's policy and free speech. Chinese public television CCTV has canceled the broadcast of NBA preseason games and coverage of the two lakers and Brooklyn Nets, Tuesday in Shanghai and Saturday in Shenzen.The conflict erupted after Houston Rockets CEO Daryl Morey tweeted Friday: "Fight for freedom, support Hong Kong." Morey himself, after the criticisms and insults he received, erased the tweet. Representatives of the US league dismarked from the commentary, in an attempt to appease the Chinese government's outrage over that message of support for Hong Kong protesters.Adam Silver, the NBA commissioner, came to the fore on Monday in Tokyo, where the Rockets and Toronto Raptors, the league champion, play two preseason games. Silver defended free speech. "I sympathize with our interests here and with our partners who are upset," said the NBA's top leader. "I don't think it's incompatible to sympathize with them and at the same time defend our principles. But if those are the consequences of adhering to our values, I still feel it's more important to adhere to them."Some American businessmen asked Silver to take letters on the matter and help pacify the situation. The commissioner said: "This is much more important than growing our business. The values of equality, respect and freedom of expression have long defined the NBA, and will continue to do so. As an American league operating globally, one of our biggest contributions is defending these values of the sport."The response of Chinese public television CCTV was stark. "We are very dissatisfied and oppose Adam Silver's claim to support Morey's right to freedom of expression," he said via a statement. "We believe that any comment that challenges national sovereignty and social stability is not within the scope of freedom of expression." Television, which had already announced that it will not broadcast rockets games, also decided to cancel those of the friendly lakers of LeBron James and the Brooklyn Nets. Chinese smartphone maker Vivo, a sponsor of those two preseason games, led several Chinese companies to suspend their business with the NBA. Yao Ming, president of the Chinese basketball federation, called Morey's comments "inappropriate" and expressed his "strong opposition." A heavy-weight opinion as the 2.29-meter former, who played in the NBA from 2002 until he retired in 2011, is a chinese basketball and sports legend. Within hours thousands of messages were directed to Morey's account, many from Twitter, banned in China, but which the Asian country uses for propaganda purposes abroad. In many of these messages "NMSL" was written, the Chinese abbreviation for "your mother is dead"."We apologize. We love China. We like to play there," Rockets star James Harden said at a news conference in Tokyo, alongside new teammate Russell Westbrook. The activist and plastic artist Badiucao responded with a drawing in which he characterizes Harden as the controversial head of the Hong Kong government, Carrie Lam, and the message: "You and the NBA do not love China at all! What you love is the moneychina. Your unfortunate apology kills the hope of a free and democratic Hong Kong and China." Silver plans to meet with Chinese government officials.Basketball is one of the most popular sports in China, the most populous country in the world, with 1.4 billion citizens. About 300 million people play basketball. The NBA has had a presence in the country since it opened its first office in Hong Kong in 1992. He now maintains relationships with various television and digital media, including a three-decade partnership with public broadcaster CCTV.The Chinese NBA, responsible for the league's business in the country, began operations in 2008. It's worth more than $4 billion, according to Forbes. Since 2014, 17 NBA teams have played 26 games in Beijing, Guangzhou, Macau, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Taipei. The NBA and Tencent, a Chinese media outlet offering a live streaming platform, announced the renewal of a deal until the 2024-2025 season worth $1.5 billion and is estimated to be about 500 million Chinese fans consume NBA content. American league franchises have posted an increase of 47 million new followers on Chinese social media platforms during the 2018-19 season, according to the league's annual report on the digital performance of teams.The Chinese entry shuts down the NBA following a manager's support for the Hong Kong protests was first published in The Third.Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

China dominates political propaganda in Instagram eraCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 5, 2019 SaturdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1129 wordsBody       (Gilles Sabrié/The New York Times) (Gilles Sabrié/)For the past week, Lu Yingxin has sung "My People, My Country." Normally, that song, which is a 1985 folk anthem, could never compete against Taylor Swift, K-pop and other modern tunees that 18-year-olds and their friends like.However, on Sunday, Lu and his roommates saw a successful Chinese film with the same name. The film describes important events in China's recent history—its first test of a nuclear bomb, the UK's return from Hong Kong and the Beijing Olympics, among others—through the eyes of ordinary people.The song is a new version of the 1985, voiced by Faye Wong, the whispering Chinese superstar. It made us cry, Lu said.Then they shed more tears as they watched Tuesday's parade in Beijing to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, a procession full of images of progress and sacrifice.It is easy to dismiss this outpouring of patriotism as evidence of the successful brainwashing done by the Communist Party, or as a result of intense surveillance and heavy-handed tactics against dissidents.The truth is more complex. Indeed, the Communist Party does not hesitate to use the power of the state to tell the people of China how to think. However, expressions of patriotism, especially of young people, also show that the propaganda machine has dominated the power of symbols and symbolism in the era of mass media and social media.For that reason, Lu can't stop singing the song he learned in a patriotism class at his elementary school."It was beautiful. But it was also part of patriotic education, so it felt like a forced thing," he said. "After watching the film and the military parade, I sang it from the bottom of my heart."(Gilles Sabrié/The New York Times) (Gilles Sabrié/)Beijing may have trouble influencing the outside world more effectively, but at home it has learned to compete for public attention against short videos, Hollywood movies and mobile games. Although it imposes strong censorship, the Communist Party has also learned to rely on the most popular artists and more experienced internet companies to help it instill a patriotic fervor in the Chinese.It's propaganda in the age of Instagram, if Instagram were allowed in China.On the social network platform WeChat, so many people rushed to put a national flag logo on their profile picture that the page collapsed. In Douyin, the Chinese version of the short video platform TikTok, both entertainment stars and normal people posted videos while making the shape of a heart with their hands on their chests. The music video for "My People, My Country" has been played 73 million times on Tencent Video, one of the three largest video sites."While some people are discarded who hide their negative views on the regime, the level of support of the state party remains very high compared to other countries," said Dali Yang, a professor of scienceUniversity of Chicago policies.There are a variety of other factors, including riots in Hong Kong. Angry protesters who have shown their dislike for the Chinese government have caused many people in China to feel both defensive and proud of their country's achievements.Moreover, broadly speaking, the Chinese people have reason to be proud of their achievements. In 40 years, it has lifted the country out of poverty and at the same time avoided the wars and unrest that have plagued much of the developing world. Modern China has its problems, but most Chinese believe it remains a dynamic and opportunity-filled country.The Communist Party has had access to that sentiment, and has successfully blurred the line between love for the country and love for the party. For the first time, the flags of the Communist Party and the People's Liberation Army appeared in the military parade along with the national flag. In fact, the party flag marched in front of the national flag.The Chinese internet has proven to be a fruitful place for the party to spread its message. For example, last week, a mobile game developed by people's daily and Tencent, the Chinese internet giant, was the most popular free app on Apple's store in China. Players compete to see who builds better cities while implementing key party policies, such as poverty reduction and low-carbon transportation.The film "My People, My Country" shows how far propaganda has come.A decade ago, "The Foundation of a Republic" premiered, the first in a trilogy of patriotic films about China's birth, to audiences that were for the most part unimpressed. It caused such displeasure that Douban, a Chinese film review site, disabled its ratings for those titles.So far, "My people, my country" has a rating of 8.1 out of 10 in Douban. He sold nearly $200 million in tickets in five days.Yan Feng, professor of Chinese literature at Fudan University in Shanghai, wrote on his account of the social network Weibo that "My People, My Country" is the best film with the theme of the revolution in Chinese history."After 70 years, our culture and propaganda departments finally knew how to combine propaganda with art," he wrote.Clarence Lu, a 24-year-old blogger who lives in Guangzhou, saw the film twice in two days. The characters were flawed humans rather than epic heroes often seen in patriotic films, he wrote in a social media post."I have to admit that our country is getting a lot better at communicating with us, in ways we like it," Lu said in an interview. "I hadn't realized that I had accepted patriotic education until after I liked it and shared the song."Clearly, China did not invent the patriotism that fills the heart, as anyone who has seen "Rescuing Private Ryan" can attest. The difference is that the Chinese government has an active role in creating projects like "My people, my country."A large part of China's success on the propaganda front still comes from silencing its critics. In the southwestern province of Sichuan, police are arrested for a 24-year-old man for misspoke about the military parade on social media last weekend, according to local police.Lu, the blogger, commented that he wrote his article because he didn't understand what had caused so many people to suddenly become so patriotic.Lesurprised that last weekend there were young people trained to take pictures with the national flag in a shopping center in Guangzhou. Some of them wore loose hip-hop clothing, black lipstick and boots with stoke. It looked like they were on their way to some nightclub, he opined. However, they chose to take pictures with the national flag."When I was younger, it was considered in poor taste to be openly patriotic and take pictures with the national flag," he said. "It's not like that anymore."*Copyright: 2019 The New York Times CompanyLoad-Date: October 6, 2019End of Document

Rockets' general manager's Hong Kong comments anger ChinaAssociated Press State & LocalOctober 7, 2019 Monday 6:15 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS NEWSLength: 1257 wordsDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey tried Sunday to defuse the rapidly growing fallout over his deleted tweet that showed support for Hong Kong anti-government protesters, saying he did not intend to offend any of the team's Chinese fans or sponsors.A short time after Morey posted that statement, the NBA said it was "regrettable" that the deleted tweet offended many in China. And all that followed several companies in China, including some of the NBA's major business partners there, lashing out over Morey's original tweet.Morey tweeted an image that read "Fight for Freedom. Stand with Hong Kong." referring to the four-month-old protests in the semi-autonomous Chinese territory. That led to Houston owner Tilman Fertitta turning to Twitter to say that Morey does not speak for the Rockets, and sparking an outcry that included the Chinese Basketball Association - whose president is Yao Ming, the former Rockets star center - saying it was suspending its relationship with the team.Other criticism came from Tencent, a major media partner of the NBA in China with a streaming deal that is worth $1.5 billion over the next five years, and Chinese state television - both of which said they would not be showing Rockets games. It wasn't immediately clear if Morey's new tweets or the NBA's statement that followed would be enough to salvage those relationships. Chinese athletic apparel maker Li-Ning released a statement saying it was upset with Morey's tweet."I did not intend my tweet to cause any offense to Rockets fans and friends of mine in China," Morey tweeted early Monday from Japan, where Houston is playing this week. "I was merely voicing one thought, based on one interpretation, of one complicated event. I have had a lot of opportunity since that tweet to hear and consider other perspectives."I have always appreciated the significant support our Chinese fans and sponsors have provided and I would hope that those who are upset will know that offending or misunderstanding them was not my intention. My tweets are my own and in no way represent the Rockets or the NBA."NBA Chief Communications Officer Mike Bass said the league recognizes that Morey's tweet "deeply offended many of our friends and fans in China, which is regrettable." Bass added that the league supports individuals "sharing their views on matters important to them.""We have great respect for the history and culture of China and hope that sports and the NBA can be used as a unifying force to bridge cultural divides and bring people together," Bass said.Earlier, Fertitta attempted to distance the team from Morey's tweet with a Twitter post of his own: "Listen.@darylmorey does NOT speak for the @HoustonRockets. Our presence in Tokyo is all about the promotion of the @NBA internationally and we are NOT a political organization."The timing of this is particularly awkward for the NBA, whose players have often been outspoken on social issues in the United States.China has teams in the U.S. playing preseason games this week, the Rockets are about to play two games in Japan and the Los Angeles Lakers - with one of the biggest global sports stars in LeBron James - and Brooklyn Nets set to play Thursday in Shanghai and Saturday in Shenzhen, China.Speaking at a practice in Tokyo on Monday, Rockets' star James Harden was contrite as he spoke standing with teammate Russell Westbrook."We apologize. You know, we love China, we love playing there. For both of us individually, we go there once or twice a year. They show us the most important love. We appreciate them as a fan base. We love everything there about them and we appreciate the support that they give us individually and as organization."Nets owner Joe Tsai is a co-founder of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, and posted an open letter on his Facebook page late Sunday night saying Morey stepped on what he described as "a third-rail issue" when it comes to China and Hong Kong."By now I hope you can begin to understand why the Daryl Morey tweet is so damaging to the relationship with our fans in China," Tsai wrote. "I don't know Daryl personally. I am sure he's a fine NBA general manager, and I will take at face value his subsequent apology that he was not as well informed as he should have been. But the hurt that this incident has caused will take a long time to repair."The statements from Morey and the NBA caught the eyes of lawmakers, including no fewer than three U.S. Senators - Ted Cruz of Texas, Rick Scott of Florida (who criticized NBA Commissioner Adam Silver for the league's statement, apparently unaware it was made by Bass, an NBA spokesman), and Brian Schatz of Hawaii."We're better than this; human rights shouldn't be for sale & the NBA shouldn't be assisting Chinese communist censorship," tweeted Cruz, who said he is a lifelong Rockets fan.Democratic presidential candidate Julian Castro, a former U.S. Housing Secretary from Texas, tweeted "China is using its economic power to silence critics - even those in the U.S."Fostering strong relationships with China has been a priority of the NBA for at least three decades.The NBA has a China office, just announced plans to add a gaming team in Shanghai to the NBA 2K League, and officials in both countries say as many as 500 million Chinese watched at least one NBA game last season. Several NBA players - including major current and former stars like Stephen Curry and Kobe Bryant - go to China annually to promote their individual brands, and the World Cup held in China this summer saw countless fans attending in NBA jerseys.The Rockets, largely because of Yao, have an enormous Chinese following. But after Morey's tweet, even the Chinese government's consulate office in Houston issued a statement saying it "expressed strong dissatisfaction" with the team."We have lodged representations and expressed strong dissatisfaction with the Houston Rockets, and urged the latter to correct the error and take immediate concrete measures to eliminate the adverse impact," the consulate general's office said in a statement Sunday.The Chinese league said Sunday on its official Twitter-like Weibo account that Morey had made "improper remarks regarding Hong Kong" to which it expressed its "strong opposition."That underscores Beijing's extreme sensitivity about foreign attitudes toward the ongoing protests and increasing violence. China accuses foreign parties in the U.S. and elsewhere of encouraging the demonstrations.The protests that started in June over a now-shelved extradition bill have since snowballed into an anti-China campaign amid anger over what many view as Beijing's interference in Hong Kong's autonomy that was granted when the former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997.Protests continued raging this weekend after the shooting of a 14-year-old boy Friday night - the second protest victim of police gunfire - stoked fears of more bloody confrontations. An 18-year-old protester was shot at close range by a riot officer last week. He was charged with rioting and assaulting police, while the younger teen was arrested.The Communist Party's official newspaper, People's Daily, said in a commentary that Morey touched China's bottom line: "Morey's position is hurtful to Chinese basketball fans and is also an affront to the Chinese people." People's Daily also noted multinational corporations who likewise tested the line on Hong Kong have "paid a heavy price."___More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA and            https://twitter.com/AP_SportsLoad-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

Rockets' general manager's Hong Kong comments anger ChinaAssociated Press InternationalOctober 7, 2019 Monday 6:15 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS NEWSLength: 1257 wordsDateline: BEIJING BodyBEIJING (AP) - Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey tried Sunday to defuse the rapidly growing fallout over his deleted tweet that showed support for Hong Kong anti-government protesters, saying he did not intend to offend any of the team's Chinese fans or sponsors.A short time after Morey posted that statement, the NBA said it was "regrettable" that the deleted tweet offended many in China. And all that followed several companies in China, including some of the NBA's major business partners there, lashing out over Morey's original tweet.Morey tweeted an image that read "Fight for Freedom. Stand with Hong Kong." referring to the four-month-old protests in the semi-autonomous Chinese territory. That led to Houston owner Tilman Fertitta turning to Twitter to say that Morey does not speak for the Rockets, and sparking an outcry that included the Chinese Basketball Association - whose president is Yao Ming, the former Rockets star center - saying it was suspending its relationship with the team.Other criticism came from Tencent, a major media partner of the NBA in China with a streaming deal that is worth $1.5 billion over the next five years, and Chinese state television - both of which said they would not be showing Rockets games. It wasn't immediately clear if Morey's new tweets or the NBA's statement that followed would be enough to salvage those relationships. Chinese athletic apparel maker Li-Ning released a statement saying it was upset with Morey's tweet."I did not intend my tweet to cause any offense to Rockets fans and friends of mine in China," Morey tweeted early Monday from Japan, where Houston is playing this week. "I was merely voicing one thought, based on one interpretation, of one complicated event. I have had a lot of opportunity since that tweet to hear and consider other perspectives."I have always appreciated the significant support our Chinese fans and sponsors have provided and I would hope that those who are upset will know that offending or misunderstanding them was not my intention. My tweets are my own and in no way represent the Rockets or the NBA."NBA Chief Communications Officer Mike Bass said the league recognizes that Morey's tweet "deeply offended many of our friends and fans in China, which is regrettable." Bass added that the league supports individuals "sharing their views on matters important to them.""We have great respect for the history and culture of China and hope that sports and the NBA can be used as a unifying force to bridge cultural divides and bring people together," Bass said.Earlier, Fertitta attempted to distance the team from Morey's tweet with a Twitter post of his own: "Listen.@darylmorey does NOT speak for the @HoustonRockets. Our presence in Tokyo is all about the promotion of the @NBA internationally and we are NOT a political organization."The timing of this is particularly awkward for the NBA, whose players have often been outspoken on social issues in the United States.China has teams in the U.S. playing preseason games this week, the Rockets are about to play two games in Japan and the Los Angeles Lakers - with one of the biggest global sports stars in LeBron James - and Brooklyn Nets set to play Thursday in Shanghai and Saturday in Shenzhen, China.Speaking at a practice in Tokyo on Monday, Rockets' star James Harden was contrite as he spoke standing with teammate Russell Westbrook."We apologize. You know, we love China, we love playing there. For both of us individually, we go there once or twice a year. They show us the most important love. We appreciate them as a fan base. We love everything there about them and we appreciate the support that they give us individually and as organization."Nets owner Joe Tsai is a co-founder of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, and posted an open letter on his Facebook page late Sunday night saying Morey stepped on what he described as "a third-rail issue" when it comes to China and Hong Kong."By now I hope you can begin to understand why the Daryl Morey tweet is so damaging to the relationship with our fans in China," Tsai wrote. "I don't know Daryl personally. I am sure he's a fine NBA general manager, and I will take at face value his subsequent apology that he was not as well informed as he should have been. But the hurt that this incident has caused will take a long time to repair."The statements from Morey and the NBA caught the eyes of lawmakers, including no fewer than three U.S. Senators - Ted Cruz of Texas, Rick Scott of Florida (who criticized NBA Commissioner Adam Silver for the league's statement, apparently unaware it was made by Bass, an NBA spokesman), and Brian Schatz of Hawaii."We're better than this; human rights shouldn't be for sale & the NBA shouldn't be assisting Chinese communist censorship," tweeted Cruz, who said he is a lifelong Rockets fan.Democratic presidential candidate Julian Castro, a former U.S. Housing Secretary from Texas, tweeted "China is using its economic power to silence critics - even those in the U.S."Fostering strong relationships with China has been a priority of the NBA for at least three decades.The NBA has a China office, just announced plans to add a gaming team in Shanghai to the NBA 2K League, and officials in both countries say as many as 500 million Chinese watched at least one NBA game last season. Several NBA players - including major current and former stars like Stephen Curry and Kobe Bryant - go to China annually to promote their individual brands, and the World Cup held in China this summer saw countless fans attending in NBA jerseys.The Rockets, largely because of Yao, have an enormous Chinese following. But after Morey's tweet, even the Chinese government's consulate office in Houston issued a statement saying it "expressed strong dissatisfaction" with the team."We have lodged representations and expressed strong dissatisfaction with the Houston Rockets, and urged the latter to correct the error and take immediate concrete measures to eliminate the adverse impact," the consulate general's office said in a statement Sunday.The Chinese league said Sunday on its official Twitter-like Weibo account that Morey had made "improper remarks regarding Hong Kong" to which it expressed its "strong opposition."That underscores Beijing's extreme sensitivity about foreign attitudes toward the ongoing protests and increasing violence. China accuses foreign parties in the U.S. and elsewhere of encouraging the demonstrations.The protests that started in June over a now-shelved extradition bill have since snowballed into an anti-China campaign amid anger over what many view as Beijing's interference in Hong Kong's autonomy that was granted when the former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997.Protests continued raging this weekend after the shooting of a 14-year-old boy Friday night - the second protest victim of police gunfire - stoked fears of more bloody confrontations. An 18-year-old protester was shot at close range by a riot officer last week. He was charged with rioting and assaulting police, while the younger teen was arrested.The Communist Party's official newspaper, People's Daily, said in a commentary that Morey touched China's bottom line: "Morey's position is hurtful to Chinese basketball fans and is also an affront to the Chinese people." People's Daily also noted multinational corporations who likewise tested the line on Hong Kong have "paid a heavy price."___More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA and            https://twitter.com/AP_SportsLoad-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

Top Chinese state media editor calls out major internet crackdownCNN.comSeptember 18, 2019 Wednesday 11:50 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: ASIALength: 393 wordsByline: By Ben Westcott, CNNDateline: Beijing BodyOne of Beijing's best known propagandists has pushed back against the government's internet crackdown ahead of the upcoming 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China on October 1.In the lead up to the major event, the Communist Party has tightened its already strong grip on the country's internet, making it more difficult to access websites restricted by the Great Firewall, the country's extensive internet surveillance and censorship system.Editor of the state-run tabloid Global Times, Hu Xijin, said in a post on Chinese social media site Weibo that the crackdown was making it difficult even for his government publication to operate."I think it's a bit over the top ... The majority of people are patriotic and love the party," he said in the post. "The country isn't fragile, I suggest we should leave a narrow opening to foreign websites."But almost as soon as he'd sent the post, Hu quickly deleted it, saying in a second post that it had "spread very fast.""I don't want to create a hotly-discussed point. Old Hu always makes suggestions," he said.The Chinese government has been preparing for months for the anniversary celebrations on October 1. Chinese President Xi Jinping will oversee a huge parade and military march through the center of Beijing on the day as well as giving a speech. At night there will be performances and fireworks.Hu's Global Times has a long history of being controversial, often pursuing a passionately nationalistic or hawkish line and written in a populist, tabloid style which is starkly different from other state media publications.Still it is highly unusual for one of the Chinese government's most passionate defenders to criticize Beijing's policy just over a week out from such a heavily politicized public event.Speaking to CNN in August, Hu said that he saw his mission in China's one-party state as an aid to help the government communicate with the people."We need to help the government and the people communicate with each other, instead of pitting them against each other," he said. "Media outlets that pit the government against the people don't have a future in China."But the controversial editor added that he enjoyed having a reputation for saying "things out loud.""You could call us radical or nationalistic, but we reflect true sentiments of Chinese society," he said.Load-Date: September 20, 2019End of Document

Chinese investors told to 'stay rational' after Xi Jinping's blockchain embrace causes stock rushCNN WireOctober 30, 2019 Wednesday 8:37 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 504 wordsByline: By Ben Westcott and Serenitie Wang, CNN BusinessDateline: HONG KONG (CNN Business) BodyHONG KONG (CNN Business) --  The Chinese government is trying to dampen demand for local tech stocks after President Xi Jinping personally endorsed blockchain technology, sending their value soaring. Stocks of almost 200 companies that invest in blockchain technology jumped around 8% on Monday, according to an index compiled by East Money Information, with some very quickly hitting their daily limit of a 10% increase. The spike came three days after Xi called for faster development of the blockchain sector, according to Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua."(Xi) stressed the importance of stepping up research on the standardization of blockchain to increase China's influence and rule-making power in the global arena," Xinhua said.According to two inquiries sent by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and seen by CNN Business, companies involved in blockchain services were asked to better explain their businesses and keep their official statements factual and simple to avoid hype.The Chinese government is also trying to manage investor enthusiasm.A commentary published by the Communist Party's official mouthpiece, the People's Daily, called for Chinese market traders to restrain themselves."Of course the future of blockchain is here but we must stay rational," the commentary published Monday said. "Blockchain innovation does not mean speculating virtual currencies ... We must also see that the blockchain is still in the early stages of development."The stocks in East Money Information's blockchain index have been paring back their gains since Monday. The index declined nearly 3% on Wednesday.For more than a year, Beijing has been pushing to increase innovation and self-reliance in the country's technology sector as it faces growing competition with the United States.On October 15, China launched its first nationwide blockchain-based service network, or BSN, which Xinhua said would provide services for the "development of smart cities and the digital economy."Blockchain is the latest technology trend to have spread to across almost every industry globally.Put simply, blockchain is a public ledger of transactions or promises stored on multiple computers. Changes can't be made to the data, making the system difficult, if not impossible, to hack. Developed in 2008, it has frequently been used in the sale of cryptocurrencies, another area in which the Chinese government is taking a growing interest.Blockchain has already been used in China for other, less democratic purposes.Following Xi's speech, the Chinese Communist Party's top decision making body, the Central Political Bureau, released a statement announcing the launch of a blockchain where cadres could publicly and permanently express their loyalty to the party.It was called "Chain of the Original Heart.""Let us record together and witness together. What are you waiting for?" the statement from the CCP said. CNN's Isaac Yee contributed to this report.TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: October 31, 2019End of Document

Chinese state media slams basketball's NBA in free speech rowStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeOctober 10, 2019 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: CULTURE; Pg. 1Length: 581 wordsByline: Julia GonzalesBodyHouston Rockets General Manager Daryl Morey tipped off the worldwide incident last week when he tweeted a since-deleted photo in support of anti-government protesters in Hong Kong.But the Chinese social media giant behind the ubiquitous app WeChat may now become a corporate casualty of the deepening row sparked by Houston Rockets general managerDaryl Morey, who expressed support for Hong Kong protests in a tweet over the weekend.Tencent halted broadcasting games involving the Rockets over the weekend and later said it would stop broadcasting the entire preseason after National Basketball Association commissioner Adam Silver voiced his support for Morey's "freedom of political expression" on Tuesday.US sports broadcaster ESPN was also criticised for its coverage of the row after using a map that appeared to endorse Beijing's claims to both self-ruled Taiwan and disputed territories in the South China Sea.The NBA has built a lucrative Chinese fanbase, thanks in part to the popularity of former Rockets centre Yao Ming.Morey showed support of the Hong Kong protests earlier this week and almost all of the NBA's Chinese partners have cut ties with the league since then.The Chinese government canceled a Brooklyn Nets event on Tuesday and state broadcaster CCTV said it would no longer air preseason games played in China due to Morey's initial tweet.Protesters handed out T-shirts and held up signs in support of Hong Kong during a basketball pre-season match between an American and a Chinese team in Washington on Wednesday night.It cited Morey's "inappropriate statement" and Silver's "inappropriate position" for the cancellation. Outside the team hotel, workers tore down massive banners advertising the game, according to a Reuters witness.Germany, Argentina draw in soccer friendlyPoor marking lead to the second goal as a ball played into the penalty area rolled to Kai Havertz who converted from close range. It was indeed a game of two halves, as Germany raced into a two-goal lead."There are no Lakers or Nets fans tonight". The Chinese government cancelled both NBA Cares events scheduled for earlier this week."A lot of us don't know what to make of it, it's something I'm reading about... but I'm not going to comment", he said."But if those are the consequences of us adhering to our values, I still feel it's very, very important to adhere to those values.""It is inevitable that people around the world - including from America and China - will have different viewpoints over different issues", NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said in a statement.Chinese online travel agency Ctrip said late on Tuesday it had stopped sales of tickets to National Basketball Association games as well as NBA-related tour packages, joining a growing list of companies severing ties with the league.The law would have allowed authorities to detain and extradite criminals who are wanted in territories such as Taiwan and mainland China, areas where Hong Kong now does not have extradition agreements.Listen, China, you don't get to tell us or our citizens what they can and cannot say.There were more than a half-dozen protests inside Capital One Arena before the Wizards won 137-98. "Does this mean Apple intended to be an accomplice to the rioters?" Rockets owner Tilman Fertitta said that Morey doesn't speak for the team and the Rockets aren't a political organization, but he also said he supported Morey."Nobody wants to drag Apple into the lingering unrest in Hong Kong".Load-Date: October 10, 2019End of Document

Trading Silence for Access: The Cost of Doing Business in ChinaUSNEWS.comOctober 11, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 U.S. News & World Report All Rights ReservedSection: CIVIC; Economy; Vol.; No.Length: 1724 wordsByline: Andrew SoergelHighlight: The West once saw trade with China as a path to a more open and democratic world. Not anymore.BodyCorporate stewardship is easy to execute when the stakes are low. It's easy when there isn't a loser, when the platitudes handed down from the C-suite are feel-good and vague, when foreign officials who control one of the most commercially significant markets on the planet aren't demanding some sort of action or apology, despite their regime's documented history of human rights abuses and trepidation for free speech. CEOs are accountable to their shareholders, their employees and their companies' bottom lines. So when companies find themselves running afoul of the Chinese government -- as a cavalcade of organizations has done in recent years, with the National Basketball Association, Apple and Activision Blizzard the latest examples -- bending the knee is often a sound business decision if the ultimate goal is gaining access to the El Dorado that is the Chinese consumer base. "It is not the job of a CEO or a company to save the world or to run political and social norms. But it is their job to respond to the changing environment for business in which both customers and employees can decide, 'OK, you don't believe in that? Goodbye. I'm not doing business with you,'" says Paul Argenti, a corporate communications expert and professor at Dartmouth College's Tuck School of Business. [READ:Trump Announces Plans to Finalize Partial Trade Agreement With China]American multinationals in recent years have increasingly said they aspire to be more than just generators of product and capital. As recently as August, the Business Roundtable nonprofit -- whose members include the heads of Apple, JPMorgan Chase and Marriott -- announced plans to redefine " the purpose of a corporation." The statement hailed a "free-market system" as "the best means of generating good jobs, a strong and sustainable economy, innovation, a healthy environment and economic opportunity for all." It's a shrewd business decision, given nearly two-thirds of global consumers say they will buy or boycott a brand because of its stance on social or political issues, according to the 2018 survey conducted by Edelman. But those open-market ideals and proclamations of global stewardship have juxtaposed a recent but apparent corporate willingness to make China happy on the relatively closed-off economy's own terms, even if that means silencing dissenting opinions or turning a blind eye to human rights violations, religious oppression or environmental concerns. "Companies basically pay lip service to this stuff. But when push comes to shove, it's business," Argenti says. "All of China is going to be against you if you start questioning their approach to how they treat people and what they do." The situations in which some of these organizations have found themselves are unenviable. In the NBA's case, the Houston Rockets' general manager tweeted a pro-Hong Kong message from his personal Twitter account earlier in the week as a group of NBA teams traveled to China for a preseason publicity tour. A week-long damage control effort ensued as China threatened to derail the entire tour. Among events that were canceled by the Chinese government in the aftermath of the tweet was a stop in Shanghai that would have benefited the Special Olympics. "The problem that we see for the NBA ... that is the nightmare for every U.S. firm operating in China right now," Richard Martin, managing director at IMA Asia, said in an interview with CNBC's " Street Signs" on Wednesday. The tweet's blowback prompted apologies from not only the Houston Rockets' general manager, but also the team's owner, star player James Harden and NBA Commissioner Adam Silver. China threatened to pull coverage of NBA games, restrict merchandise sales and scrap corporate partnerships with NBA entities, because one executive from one team tweeted support for ongoing pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. "He shouldn't have sent the tweet in the first place. It has nothing to do with free speech. He obviously can do whatever he wants. You can do whatever you want, but are you willing to pay the consequences for what you do?" Argenti says. "And, to their credit, the NBA rallied around him and didn't say, 'Oh, this is some crazy guy that we're going to throw over the ship.'" Indeed, Houston's general manager still has his job. And, after initially flailing between knee-jerk apologies to China and defense of an American citizen's right to free speech, the NBA steadied its message. Silver issued a statement this week clarifying that "the NBA will not put itself in a position of regulating what players, employees and team owners say or will not say on these issues." [READ:Noise Threatens to Derail U.S.-China Trade Summit]"I respect him a lot for standing by his employee and saying we do believe in free speech," Argenti says. "I believe that this was actually pretty well done by comparison." There were hiccups along the way -- the Houston Rockets cut off a CNN reporter on Thursday attempting to ask Harden and fellow all-star Russell Westbrook about the offending tweet and subsequent controversy. But Elizabeth Economy, a senior fellow and director for Asia Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations, noted in a blog post this week that "knowingly or not, Silver became one of the first heads of a major U.S. corporation to take on China in the latter's efforts to use its market power to coerce international actors to comply with its political positions." "By championing the right to, and value of, such diversity in viewpoints, Silver has elevated the NBA and delivered a much-needed reminder to all Americans about how to manage controversy in political discourse," Economy wrote. The NBA was arguably the highest profile organization to run afoul of China this week, though it was not alone. Apple, for example, caught flack for pulling an application called HKmap.live from its App Store. The app allowed users to share information about protests, police activity and street closures in Hong Kong, but it was ultimately delisted shortly after an article in China's state-owned People's Daily accused Apple of "mixing business with politics," encouraging the company to "think about the consequences of its unwise and reckless decision" to host the app in the first place. [MORE:China and Russia Biggest Cyber Offenders Since 2006, Report Shows]"We're seeing what happens when CEOs have to decide between protecting their company's future in a big market and being a good world citizen," says Erik Gordon, a professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business. "I read the stuff that (Apple) sent out. But they'll fight the U.S. authorities about encryption, about giving U.S. authorities access to data. With China, boom, they jump." And Activision Blizzard this week suspended professional esports player Chung Ng Wai after he professed support for Hong Kong during an interview at a Hearthstone Grandmasters tournament -- the premier competition of Activision Blizzard's Hearthstone digital card game. Chung, who is based in Hong Kong and goes by the professional handle "Blitzchung," donned goggles and a facemask and recited a "liberate Hong Kong" slogan in a show of support for pro-democracy protests. For the perceived transgression against Beijing, Activision Blizzard stripped Chung of thousands of dollars in winnings and banned him from play for 12 months, saying in a blog post that the company took "necessary actions to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future." Analysts have spoken highly of the NBA's response to Chinese pressure, and less so of Apple's and Activision Blizzard's. But the NBA's tact with China may be hard to replicate for individual brands, given its status as the premier basketball organization on the planet. For companies that have more direct competition on a global scale, the default still seems to be bending the knee -- which Gordon says doesn't bode particularly well for what now seems to be an emboldened China in its dealings with American multinational corporations. "I think 10 years ago, the American companies would have ignored China's demands. But today, they can't bow quickly enough or low enough to China's demands," Gordon says. "China can push around America's biggest and best. It's a real wake-up call about how powerful China is and about how China will use its power." China has for years exerted pressure on companies hoping to do business within its borders to conform to its ideals, and Gordon and Argenti note they've had success long before this week. American Airlines, United and Delta last year caved to Chinese demands to relist how they reference Taiwan. China has long considered Taiwan its own province despite its stated independence. "Pretending Taiwan isn't a country for China is just not acceptable, and I can't believe companies are willing to do that. And I can't believe employees and customers are not willing to call them out on it," Argenti says. What the world is witnessing now is a "huge shift" in how the Western world views China, Gordon says. Since it joined the World Trade Organization in the early 2000s, politicians and economists widely predicted that China would become a more open society as its wealth grew and it gained greater access to a more open and democratic world. Few predicted the balance of power would shift the other way, he says, as China is now successfully pressuring Western companies to kowtow to its censorship and political ideologies. "China was a sophisticated culture before Europe, before North America. This is an ancient culture that over thousands of years has accrued wisdom and savvy," Gordon says. "Is China already so powerful that, whether it's Apple or the EU or in the U.S., we're just going to have to live with China's power?" Andrew Soergel is a senior writer covering economics for U.S. News & World Report. He joined the company in 2014 as an intern in the News section, and began covering the economy, trade, and workforce and labor issues full-time in 2015. He previously wrote for the Washington and Lee University Law Alumni Magazine, and was an intern with The Roanoke Times and WPXI-TV. He is a 2019 Economics of Aging and Work Fellow of AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. Follow him on Twitter, connect with him on            LinkedIn or email him at asoergel@usnews.com.Graphic Picture, FILE PHOTO: Chinese national flags are flying near a steel factory in Wu'an, Hebei province, China, February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo, ReutersLoad-Date: October 15, 2019End of Document

CGF Members in China Align on Positive Change Agenda and Approve New China Board; Announcements Made During The Consumer Goods Forum's 2nd Annual China DayPR NewswireOctober 29, 2019 Tuesday 10:30 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 774 wordsDateline: HANGZHOU, China, Oct. 29, 2019 BodyPR Newswire The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) has today hosted its second China Day in Hangzhou, bringing together members and industry experts from across the Greater China region to explore key challenges facing the consumer goods industry and explore collaborative solutions.On the day, the CGF also announced that it plans to establish a China Board of Directors, as part of the CGF's regionalisation strategy. The new China Board will be Co-Chaired by Daniel ZHANG, Executive Chairman & CEO, Alibaba Group, and Angela LIU, Chairwoman of New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd.Daniel ZHANG said, "The launch of the new CGF China Board highlights the importance of Chinese companies in helping to tackle global challenges around plastic waste, consumer health, product data and food safety. By working together with regional experts, we can develop innovative solutions to address these issues collectively as an industry and deliver new value to consumers."Angela LIU said, "It's an honour to be part of the CGF's new China Board of Directors. I look forward to working with Daniel and the other CEOs on the Board to drive positive change in China and highlight that China is committed to being part of the solution on these key global challenges."The second annual China Day was opened by Daniel ZHANG, who also acts as Vice Co-Chair of the CGF's Board of Directors, and Emmanuel FABER, Chairman and CEO, Danone, and Co-Chair of the CGF's Board of Directors.Throughout the day, speakers updated the Chinese delegates on the actions of the CGF in China and globally, specifically on four areas: plastic waste, health and wellbeing, product data and food safety. Updates included the achievements of the GFSI China Local Group and ongoing collaborations with the Chinese government; the launch of Collaboration for Healthier Lives (CHL) in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Hangzhou and Shenyang, aiming to raise awareness and promote healthier lifestyles within local communities across the country; and the role of technology, like blockchains, to support supply chain traceability; and the creation of a data exchange platform for downstream and upstream suppliers.Earlier in the day, a number of CEOs from Chinese and multinational CGF member companies participated in a special CEO Roundtable where more detail on each of the four initiatives was discussed. The Roundtable also agreed the plan to create a CGF China Board, following the model of an existing regional Board in Latin America. The initial list of Board members will be approved in the coming months, but, as with the global Board, it will be CEO-led, parity based and include both retailers and manufacturers, food and non-food.Emmanuel Faber, Chairman and CEO, Danone, and Co-Chair of the CGF Board, said, "It has been a pleasure to take part in the second China Day. The CGF's Chinese members are a key piece in the puzzle to tackle today's global, industry challenges. They bring a unique perspective that is vital to the ongoing conversations, and we need to engage and support those companies looking to lead from the front".Peter Freedman, Managing Director, The Consumer Goods Forum, said, "China Day has been an enormous success once again, and it would not have been possible without the support of our Chinese members. And, we are delighted to have the new China Board. We need to engage companies at the local level and provide them with the key platform to address local challenges, one that also comes with the full support of a global Board and expert teams around the world".View the galleries for theChina DayandCEO Roundtableevents.About The Consumer Goods ForumThe Consumer Goods Forum ("CGF") is a global, parity-based industry network that is driven by its members to encourage the global adoption of practices and standards that serves the consumer goods industry worldwide. It brings together the CEOs and senior management of some 400 retailers, manufacturers, service providers, and other stakeholders across 70 countries, and it reflects the diversity of the industry in geography, size, product category and format. Its member companies have combined sales of EUR 3.5 trillion and directly employ nearly 10 million people, with a further 90 million related jobs estimated along the value chain. It is governed by its Board of Directors, which comprises more than 50 manufacturer and retailer CEOs. For more information, please visit: http://www.theconsumergoodsforum.com. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cgf-members-in-china-align-on-positive-change-agenda-and-approve-new-china-board-300947296.htmlSOURCE The Consumer Goods ForumCONTACT: YangYing Xu, General Manager, China, The Consumer Goods Forum, (+86) 156 1857 0303, shanghai@theconsumergoodsforum.com Lee Green, Director, Communications, The Consumer Goods Forum, l.green@theconsumergoodsforum.comLoad-Date: October 30, 2019End of Document

China: IFJ Condemns the Government Exam for Press CredentialsTargeted News ServiceSeptember 25, 2019 Wednesday 8:32 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 294 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: BRUSSELS, Belgium BodyThe International Federation of Journalists issued the following news release:The Chinese government is about to launch a compulsory loyalty exam that all journalists in the nation have to take before applying or renewing their press credentials. The International Federation of Journalists (IFJ) denounces all measures to control the work of journalists and their freedom of expression through licensing.It has been reported that the Chinese Communist Party's Central Propaganda Department will start to require journalists pass a compulsory loyalty exam on the Party and President Xi Jinping in order to earn or renew their press credentials. The exam will be conducted through Study Xi, Strong Nation, a smartphone app launched in January to disseminate the President's propaganda.The exam details were revealed on WeChat, it consists of five sections including one regarding "Xi Jinping Thoughts" and another dealing with "Marxist Journalism." Journalists have to score at least 80 out of 120 points in order to pass and can only retake the exam once. A pilot test involving 10,000 journalistsfrom 14 state-run media will commence in Beijing in October.The IFJ is concerned about the implications of this policy on press freedom. The IFJ states, "the existing system in China that requires journalists to obtain a press card by registering with the government is problematic. The authorities can already freely restrict press freedom by revoking or refusing to renew a journalists press card.Now they are imposing further restrictions to the application and renewal of these press credentials. The IFJ condemns the serious suppression of press freedom in China and rejects the further regulation of licensing."Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6868847 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: September 25, 2019End of Document

Chinese Shares Get Boost to Close Week Higher; Lisheng Pharmaceutical Ticks UpMT Newswires Live Briefs PROOctober 25, 2019 Friday 4:34 AM ESTCopyright 2019 MT Newswires All Rights ReservedLength: 298 wordsBody Chinese stocks were pushed up Friday afternoon to close higher on a report that China will boost its purchases of US farm products in exchange for the lifting of additional tariffs on $156 billion of Chinese goods that are set to be imposed in December.The Shanghai Composite Index was 0.5% on the positive zone at the close with 2,954.93 points, while the Shenzhen Component Index made a 1.1% rise with 9,660.44 points.Reuters reported the Chinese government will make the additional purchases of US agricultural products as a bargaining chip to convince the US to remove the December tariffs on Chinese exports that include cell phones, laptop computers and toys. The Chinese government will make the request when Chinese Vice Premier Liu He gets into the call with US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer Friday.During the call, Beijing will also try to ask the US to remove the punitive duties that took effect Sept. 1, which cover $125 billion of Chinese goods, according to sources cited by the news agency.In China, the index for the traditional Chinese medicine material market rose 0.2% Friday to 1,226.61 points. The Kangmei Chinese medicinal material price index, which covers over 500 materials like herbs and minerals across six primary markets globally, monitors the overall price trend in the sector in China.In company news, Tianjin Lisheng Pharmaceutical (SHE:002393) gained over 1% as the company's net profit attributable to owners of the parent company in the nine months to Sept. 30 increased to 45.9 million yuan ($6.5 million) from the 36.2 million yuan reported a year earlier. The Pharma company's total operating income also climbed to 354.2 million yuan in the first three quarters from 330.5 million yuan from a year ago.Load-Date: October 26, 2019End of Document

Group of Leading Chinese-Americans Highlight Impact of U.S.-China Tensions on American Science, Technology, Business, and Education; The Committee of 100 (C100) convenes nearly 300 leaders in science, technology, government, business, education, and civil rights to address the human impacts of geopoliticsPR NewswireSeptember 28, 2019 Saturday 4:18 PM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 915 wordsDateline: PALO ALTO, Calif., Sept. 28, 2019 BodyPR Newswire A group of leading policy makers, legal experts, educators, business leaders, scientists, and community leaders convened in Silicon Valley to tackle the impact of rising U.S. - China tensions on the Chinese American community and American society as a whole. Brought together by the Committee of 100 (C100), a non-profit American organization of prominent and extraordinary Chinese Americans, the group detailed a heightened rise in scrutiny of Chinese Americans and people of Chinese descent, especially those who work in science and technology, and the chilling effect on civil liberties, as well as American science, technology and research initiatives."With growing U.S. - China tensions and fears of Chinese espionage, we hear clearly from our members that Asian Americans, especially those who work in the STEM fields, are facing an increasingly hostile environment where our loyalty is being consistently and unfairly challenged," said H. Roger Wang, chairman, Committee of 100. "We are a nation built on immigrants, and we must not allow our fears to create an environment that erodes America's talent pool nor America's values of equal opportunity for all, freedom of inquiry, scientific integrity, and openness."C100 research from 2017 shows that the percentage of people of Chinese heritage charged under the Economic Espionage Act (EEA) tripled from 2009 to 2017, and that defendants of Asian heritage convicted of espionage received sentences over twice as severe as those of other ethnicities.At the conference, speakers detailed the negative impact of a climate of fear and suspicion on individual scientists and researchers, as well as on a wide range of industries, universities, research institutions and businesses critical to U.S. innovation and economic leadership.Gary Locke, former U.S. Ambassador to China and former U.S. Secretary of Commerce: "The U.S. - China relationship is the world's most consequential bi-lateral relationship. We must be concerned about security concerns and condemn illegal activity, but in recent years there have been many cases of wrongful prosecution. Our pride in our heritage does not mean we are any less loyal or patriotic to America." Professor Susan Shirk, Chair, 21st Century China Center at the School of Global Policy & Strategy, UC San Diego, and former U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State: "China and the U.S. wove together a dense fabric of trade, technology, and education - forming a nexus of what became globalization. To preserve America's open society and vibrant research environment, we should double down on American openness, not put limitations on scientific collaboration." Dr. David D. Ho, Renowned HIV Scientist; Scientific Director, Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center; Former Time Magazine Man of the Year: "There's a chill in the air for Chinese and Chinese-American scientists. Over 250 scientists are being investigated in over 60 institutions, many of whom are Chinese or Chinese-American. Science depends on open and free exchange. Science has no borders. Science by definition is global. The real threat is not from occasional cases of espionage; the real threat is not believing in science, and the creation of a toxic environment that drives away talented Chinese and Chinese-American scientists." Thomas F. Rosenbaum, President, California Institute of Technology: "The strength of the United States as a scientific, technological and economic power has depended crucially on immigration. Recent demonstrated examples of violations of scientific ethics, coupled with fears for U.S. economic competitiveness and national security, may well lead to governmental restrictions that broadly and severely restrict the flow of people and ideas." Dr. John L. Hennessy, Chairman, Alphabet Inc.; President Emeritus, Stanford University: "Immigrants come to this country to make America a better country. There are a number of important American companies with foreign born founders. If you cut that off, you cut off an important part of our nation's economic vitality."As an output of the conference, C100 will generate recommendations to share with congressional leaders, the scientific and educational communities, law-enforcement, businesses, and civic organizations and communities.Conference Chair Charlie Woo noted, "It is our hope to come together and find balanced solutions that protect national security, uphold the civil liberties of all Americans, and continue to foster the welcoming environment for the development of science, technology and research that America has always been known for."About Committee of 100Committee of 100 (C100) is a non-profit U.S. leadership organization of prominent and extraordinary Chinese Americans in business, government, academia, and the arts. Founded by world-renowned architect I.M. Pei and internationally acclaimed cellist Yo-Yo Ma, among others, it is an institution of U.S. citizens of Chinese heritage. For 30 years, C100 has served as a preeminent organization committed to the dual missions of promoting the full participation of Chinese Americans in all aspects of American life and constructive relations between the United States and Greater China.MEDIA CONTACT:Christina Lumedia@committee100.org212-371-6565 View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/group-of-leading-chinese-americans-highlight-impact-of-us-china-tensions-on-american-science-technology-business-and-education-300927301.htmlSOURCE Committee of 100Load-Date: September 29, 2019End of Document

Lies and Deceit: China and the Effects of CensorshipThe Tripod: Trinity CollegeSeptember 10, 2019 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: OPINIONS; Pg. 1Length: 546 wordsByline: Sam Taishoff '22BodySam Taishoff '22Contributing WriterAs America gets ready to enter its 2020 presidential election, it is important to remember that we are not the only country in the world. There are events happening across the globe that we miss, either because the media thinks nobody cares, or because the events do not fit the agenda being pushed by the media. For example, the Amazon Rainforest is on fire and the Paris Protests are still in full swing. Lack of media coverage is one thing, but a much scarier thing is a total twisting of facts and truth.As it stands, the people of China are being fed lie after lie about what is happening at the border of their own country. There have been five deaths, over 2,100 people injured, and approximately 750 recorded arrests, but the Chinese media reports none of that to their citizens. They are constantly twisting the facts - in some cases, blatantly altering them.When the protests first started in June, the Chinese media reported that the citizens of Hong Kong were actually showing their support for the extradition. However, as the protest continued in this digital age, the people of China began to realize what the protests were really about. The Chinese media continued to attempt to suppress the truth, both by not reporting on it and by saying that these protests were wrong, but the people could still see the reality.As a result, the Chinese government did what the Chinese government does the most, they shut down and censored any mention of the protests on their social media site, Weibo. In addition, the googling of the phrases "Hong Kong" and "Extradition Bill" resulted in Chinese propaganda with no actual reporting on the bill or the protests. On both Weibo and WeChat, the phrase "let's go Hong Kong" was banned for hate speech.The Global Times, a state-controlled newspaper, reported that the movements were "not only anti-democracy but also anti-human rights." In addition, it praised the beanbag-gun-wielding policeman who shot unarmed and non-violent people. Even following the peaceful airport sit-ins on August tenth, the state-controlled media, People's Daily, wrote an article about the need to make Hong Kong safe again by ending the "violent riots."This is not the first time the Chinese government has responded to an event with censorship and propaganda. The main event that comes to everyone's mind is the Tiananmen Square Massacre of 1989, but there are many other small incidents of the silencing of people across China. Even on Twitch, a popular video game streaming website, when it is a Chinese stream or a Chinese event, the words "Tiananmen Square," "1989," and "Hong Kong" are all shadow-banned, and typing them will result in your own account being banned from that stream.With all this censorship, I remain proud to live in the only country in the world where my freedom of speech is protected by the First Amendment. However, we must also be careful not to submit to the propaganda that is being constantly shoved down our throats. We must be advocates of the truth and always say what we know is true. To quote George Orwell, "In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act." And to the people of Hong Kong, I stand with you as I stand with the freedoms of all peoples.Load-Date: January 22, 2020End of Document

Huawei exec: Chinese tech giant wants to be 'transparent'Associated Press Financial WireOctober 19, 2019 Saturday 00:38 GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 838 wordsByline: By ERIC TUCKER, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - A top executive of Chinese tech giant Huawei said Friday that the company is prepared to be "open and transparent" as it looks to persuade the U.S. government that it can be trusted and that national security concerns about its technology are unfounded."The first thing we need to do is we need to demystify this company," Paul Scanlan, chief technology officer of Huawei's carrier business group, said in an interview with The Associated Press."We are a Chinese company, we are based in China, the majority of the people are ethnically Chinese, so there's nothing to say we're not a Chinese company," he said. But, he added, "That doesn't mean we have ties to the Chinese government. It doesn't mean we take money from the Chinese government in the form of investments. Those things are not true."Scanlan spoke as grievances between China and the U.S. remain unresolved despite the recent announcement of a temporary truce in the countries' trade war. U.S. sanctions tied to national security concerns threaten to disrupt the company's smartphone and network equipment business, with Washington pressuring allies to ban Huawei, the world's biggest supplier of telecom gear, from new 5G networks.Huawei, seeking to reduce reliance on U.S. and other foreign suppliers, has developed its own line of chips to power some of its phones. The company has also been removing U.S. components from its smartphones and network gear and has created its own phone operating system to replace Google's Android if necessary.Though the company wants to participate in the "global supply chain" and would prefer to continue collaborating with Google, it is also prepared to continue developing its own products that could compete more directly with other companies."If push comes to shove and you're put in a corner, we're a commercial company - and therefore commercial companies will take commercial decisions," Scanlan said, later adding, "It's a welcome, perhaps, change to the world to have some alternative competition."He said Huawei is eager to "demystify" itself to skeptical U.S. authorities and is prepared to invite American officials to review its software themselves to address any concerns. The company has done the same for the United Kingdom, where new software is inspected at a facility and reports are prepared for the government and telecommunications operators, he said."If this is what is required, give us examples of what you think would be the rule book, and we'll play by the rule book," he added, referring to the U.S. "But today the challenge is, what's the rule book?"He added: "You fear what you don't know. The first thing Huawei needs to do and what we're trying to do this year, very specifically, is be more open and more transparent - ask any question you'd like, every executive will answer it honestly and openly. If you'd like to come to our facilities to have a look at what we do and how Huawei does, you're more than welcome. Anybody."The Trump administration has accused Huawei of being a security risk, imposing curbs in May on the company's access to U.S. technology and components, including Google's music, maps and other smartphone services. Washington has delayed enforcement and suggested it might allow sales of some U.S. technology.In a statement Friday, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross noted that the department had concluded in May that "Huawei was engaged in activities that are a threat to U.S. national security and our foreign policy interests."Through placing Huawei and over 100 of its non-U.S. affiliates on the Department's Entity List, Commerce has prevented American technology from being used by international 'bad actors' against us or our allies across the world," Ross said. "Moreover, through our actions, we have made clear that lying, cheating, and stealing are not suitable corporate growth strategies."The Justice Department has also charged the company with fraud and conspiring to steal trade secrets, among other accusations.Huawei has denied accusations that it facilitates Chinese spying or installs "backdoors" in its equipment for eavesdropping. Scanlan called those concerns "scaremongering."Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei has said the company is willing to license 5G technology to American developers as a way to increase the company's presence in 5G and generate license fees and demand for its products. So far, though, Scanlan said he hasn't heard of anyone taking the company up on that suggestion."We've not had any serious discussions with anybody. It's a preliminary idea that Mr. Ren has and has put out in the market," Scanlan said.The interview took place two days after Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. reported a double-digit gain in sales . Scanlan suggested the scrutiny over the last year may have had an unintended benefit of giving Huawei extra name recognition, with people previously unfamiliar with the company checking it out and saying, "That's not a bad product."____Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAPLoad-Date: October 19, 2019End of Document

China seeks to focus its talks with U.S. to overcome stalemateCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 12, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1013 wordsBodyBeijing, Sep.12 (Dow Jones) -- China is seeking to confine the scope of its negotiations with the United States to only trade issues, putting the most thorny national security issues on another track in its bid to overcome the deadlock talks with the American Union.The Chinese authorities hope that such a strategy will help both sides to resolve some immediate problems and provide a way out of the cul-de-sac they are in, according to people familiar with the plan.The change comes now that President Trump postponed the imposition of tariffs on some Chinese imports on Wednesday.China-U.S. trade talks have stalled since they collapsed last May, and have been further complicated by non-trade issues, including U.S. arms sales to Taiwan and Chinese accusations Of U.S. involvement in Hong Kong's continuing protests.In preparation for the new round of talks scheduled to take place in Washington early next month, Chinese negotiators are making plans to increase purchases of U.S. agricultural products, give their companies greater access to the Chinese market and strengthen ip protections, these people said.Beijing hopes to adopt this two-way tactic before planned talks between its trade team, led by Deputy Prime Minister Liu He, and the US delegation, led by trade representative Robert Lighthizer, said these People. While Liu would continue to lead the talks on trade issues, an independent team would be assigned to address the other geopolitical issues, they said.According to another person familiar with the issue, top-level China trade officials plan to go to Washington next week to pave the way for the next high-level meeting.In Washington, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Thursday that he was cautiously optimistic that both sides could make significant progress.Adding that the main concerns of the United States remain intellectual property rights and forced joint ventures, as well as currency problems. The riots in Hong Kong are not being discussed as part of the trade talks, Mnuchin said, but he did not refer to whether negotiators would talk about Huawei Technologies. It also dismissed speculation that the administration would accept a diluted trade agreement. before the 2020 presidential election.The president "is prepared to maintain tariffs," Mnuchin said. "And he's prepared to increase them if we need to increase them."Mnuchin said China's agricultural purchases would be a centerpiece of any deal. Trump, in a brief morning tweet, echoed those comments: "China is expected to buy large quantities of our agricultural products!"Beijing's attempt to separate trade from broader concerns of geopolitical competition will likely be difficult for the Trump administration to accept it, which has linked trade negotiations to other issues, including Huawei, than Washington has been blacklisted as exports.The United States sees the Chinese company as a security threat due to theglobal shift towards next-generation wireless networks. Huawei is a world leader in 5G network equipment, which according to U.S. officials could allow it to spy on behalf of the Chinese government, allegations rejected by Beijing.Xi Jinping, the Chinese president, sees the loosening of the Chinese company's outlaw as a precondition for reaching a trade agreement. Chinese authorities expect President Trump to fulfill his word to cancel the U.S. ban on the purchase of Huawei products that are not linked to national security.Washington and Beijing will probably also disagree on what is classified as a trade issue as opposed to a national security issue. In previous rounds of discussions, Chinese officials had sought to consider data transfers and cloud computing as national security issues, while the United States loited Beijing to address problems in trade and investment negotiations.China's tactical change came now that President Trump extended what he called "a gesture of goodwill," delaying the increase in tariffs to approximately $250 billion in Chinese imports that would take effect on October 1. President Trump said he postponed the increase back to October 15 at the request of the Chinese side, so as not to spoil the Communist government's 70th anniversary celebration on October 1.The delay gives Chinese trade negotiators a small opportunity to persuade the United States to accept its new framework, although expectations of even modest progress at the October meeting remain limited.Ahead of next month's talks, Beijing has been seeking to lighten the mood by making more purchases of American agricultural products, which could include pork and soybeans, to show its sincerity in meeting a demand for which Trump has lobbied throughout the trade dispute. Beijing suspended purchases in August, but Chinese companies began asking about U.S. agricultural prices again, China's Commerce Ministry said Thursday.Beijing has made it clear that its longer-term goal is to persuade the United States to eliminate all punitive tariffs it began imposing last year, which has hurt Chinese exports and increased the slowdown in the economy china.Trade talks crumbled in May, when the United States accused Beijing of backtracking on promises to enact deeper changes in its economic system. Chinese officials denied such charges and said any agreement between the two countries must be "balanced" -- meaning the United States would also have to make compromises.While formal negotiations have resumed since then, there has been little tangible progress so far. Instead, US-China relations deteriorated further when each side imposed more tariffs on the US side, and the two sides differed on geopolitical issues, including Hong Kong and Taiwan.China feels time is on its side as Trump seeks to reach a trade deal as part of his re-election bidnext year. Still, officials in Beijing are eager to reach an agreement, however close, with the United States to reduce tensions and ease some of the pressures on its economy.Translated by Luis Felipe CedilloEdited by Michelle del CampoCopyright © 2019 Dow Jones &Company;, Inc. All Rights ReservedLoad-Date: September 13, 2019End of Document

ROMNEY URGES TSP BOARD TO REVERSE DECISION TO STEER FEDERAL RETIREMENT SAVINGS TO CHINAStates News ServiceOctober 22, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 544 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Utah Senator Mitt Romney:U.S. Senator Mitt Romney (R-UT) today joined a bipartisan group of his colleagues, led by Senators Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), in urging Michael Kennedy, the Chairman of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board (FRTIB), to reverse a short sighted-decision to shift the Thrift Savings Plan's (TSP) International (I) Fund Index to the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Investable Market Index (ACWI ex-US IMI) ahead of the Board's October 28, 2019 meeting. Also signing the letter were Senators Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Josh Hawley (R-MO), and Rick Scott (R-FL).The decision to shift the TSP's I Funds Index will expose nearly $50 billion in retirement assets of federal government employees, including members of the U.S. Armed Forces, to severe and undisclosed material risks associated with many of the Chinese companies listed on the MSCI ACWI ex-US IMI. If implemented, the decision will effectively use these retirement savings to fund the Chinese government and Communist Party's efforts to undermine U.S. economic and national security.The full text of the letter is below.Dear Chairman Kennedy:We write in advance of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board's upcoming October 28, 2019 meeting to urge the reversal of the Board's previous decision to track the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Investable Market Index (ACWI ex-US IMI) fund for investments made in the Thrift Savings Plan (TSP)'s International Stock Fund (I Fund). As noted in previous correspondence, this decision would effectively invest the retirement savings of America's civil servants and military personnel in constituent companies of the ACWI ex-US IMI that assist in the Chinese government's military activities, espionage, and human rights abuses, as well as many other Chinese companies that lack basic financial transparency.The constituent firms of MSCI ACWI ex-US IMI include military contractors to the People's Liberation Army (PLA), like the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) and China Unicom, which supply military aircraft and telecommunications support to militarized artificial islands in the South China Sea. It also includes firms like Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology, which was recently added to the U.S. Department of Commerce's Entity List and produces surveillance equipment the Chinese government currently uses to oppress and detain approximately one million Uighur Muslims and other religious minorities, as well as ZTE Corporation, which was fined last year for violating U.S. sanctions law for business activity with Iran and North Korea and which Congress has enacted a law to prohibit the U.S. federal government from procuring.Additionally, the basic financial hazards of investment in firms listed on Chinese exchanges are well documented. A recent accounting scandal involving one of China's biggest accounting firms, Ruihua Certified Public Accountants, highlights the extent of the irregularities in the financial markets to which federal employees may soon be exposed.It is our responsibility to these public servants to ensure that the investment of their retirement savings does not undermine the American interests for which they serve.Load-Date: October 23, 2019End of Document

Murphy, Blumenthal, Scott Lead Bipartisan American Security Drone Act to Prohibit U.S. Government From Purchasing Drones From AdversariesTargeted News ServiceSeptember 19, 2019 Thursday 8:35 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 767 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodySen. Christopher Murphy, D-Connecticut, issued the following news release:Today, U.S. Senators Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Rick Scott (R-Fla.), Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), Josh Hawley (R-Mo.), and Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) introduced the American Security Drone Act of 2019, which prohibits the U.S. Government from purchasing drones manufactured in countries identified as national security threats like Iran and China."Our taxpayer dollars shouldn't be used to support Chinese-developed technologies that undercut American companies and put our national security at risk. We know that China and other adversaries have used drones to spy and collect sensitive data in the past, and I've heard directly from companies in Connecticut that are concerned about this issue. Instead of rewarding bad actors like China we should be investing in the development of a U.S.-based supply chain that creates jobs and protects our national security," said Murphy."Like it or not, drones are our future. Without Congressional action, adversaries like China and Iran will use drone technology as tiny Trojan Horses to spy on our government, our critical infrastructure - even our hospitals and homes. This bill will ensure that we don't send China and others a gold-plated, flying invitation to steal our intellectual property, undermine our domestic technology, and spy on our communities," said Blumenthal."There are nations around the world, like China, that are actively building up their militaries to compete with America. China is STEALING our technology and intellectual property, yet the U.S. Government continues to buy critical technology, like drones, with American tax dollars from Chinese companies backed by their government. For far too long, we have turned a blind eye to China and allowed their technology into some of the most critical operations of the U.S. Government. This has to stop. The American Security Drone Act protects our information and national security by prohibiting the federal government and our military from buying drones manufactured in countries that are our adversaries," said Scott."China has stolen sensitive drone technology from America's businesses and military for years, and now sells it back to us from a dominant position in the commercial drone market. Relying on drones made by our adversaries is a clear risk to our national security. This bill will ensure that all drones purchased by the U.S. government are made right here in America, or else by friendly nations that don't wish us harm," said Cotton."Every day, the Chinese government systematically directs its companies to acquire or outright steal our intellectual property and sensitive technology. The American Security Drone Act bans federal acquisition of drones from China and other adversaries to ensure that we stop enabling and rewarding these malicious actions. I look forward to working with Senator Scott to advance this critical legislation," said Hawley."American taxpayer dollars should not go to state-directed or state-owned companies used by China to undermine U.S. and foreign competition, especially in critical industries that are vital to U.S. national security. Chinese companies routinely steal and provide information to Beijing's military and intelligence apparatus, and DHS recently warned of the threat posed by Chinese-manufactured unmanned aerial systems and components. The American Security Drone Act seeks to protect U.S. national security and ensure taxpayer funds are not being used to buy drones from companies backed by the Chinese Communist Party and other foreign adversaries," said Rubio.The American Security Drone Act:- Prohibits federal departments and agencies from procuring any foreign commercial off-the-shelf drone or covered unmanned aircraft system manufactured or assembled in countries identified as national security threats, and provides a timeline to end current use of these drones.- Prohibits the use of federal funds awarded through contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements to state or local governments from being used to purchase foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones or covered unmanned aircraft systems manufactured or assembled in a country identified as a national security threat.- Requires the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report to Congress detailing the amount of foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones and covered unmanned aircraft systems procured by federal departments and agencies from countries identified as national security threats.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6861109 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: September 19, 2019End of Document

US Trade War with China Further Escalated with Huawei BanThe Current: University of Missouri - St. LouisSeptember 11, 2019 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 578 wordsByline: Stephanie DanielsBodyDalila Omerovic, Opinions EditorThe trade war with China continues, especially as the U.S. is increasingly growing its concerns over the popular Chinese technology company Huawei. The U.S. isn't the only one wary of the tech company; Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Japan and Canada worry about Huawei's influence as well. Huawei has grown to be one of China's largest technology companies and is the second-largest smartphone seller in the world. The company also produces smart devices, cloud services and includes telecommunications networks. Huawei has been under the U.S. government's suspicion for years because the company holds close ties with the Chinese Communist Party. Top U.S. intelligence chiefs have determined that Huawei poses potential national security risks to the U.S. and warned against American firms doing business with them. Huawei has managed to continue to work with and export technologies to countries who are under sanction, like North Korea and Iran, providing them both with telecommunications technology that can be used for spying. Last year, Huawei's chief financial officer Meng Wanzhou was arrested by Canadian officials and served with several indictments by the U.S. Justice Department for bank and wire fraud, conspiracy against the U.S., and stealing trade secrets, all of which allegedly related to a breach of American sanctions against Iran.In May, President Trump issued an executive order banning U.S. companies from using information and communication technology from those who are considered a threat to national security. Huawei was later placed on a trade blacklist that bans it from working with U.S. companies without the government's approval. In short, U.S. intelligence strongly believes that Huawei can help the Chinese government spy on and potentially attack the US.The government's concerns certainly have some validity. However, it is still unclear whether or not the Chinese government is using Huawei products to spy on people all over the world. Many experts seem to be divided on the issue. On one hand, many believe that while Huwai may pose risks of espionage and sabotage, there is no hard-line evidence that finds Huawei guilty of this. Instead, they believe the U.S. should focus on mitigating these risks rather than banning Huawei equipment and technologies. On the other hand, some experts find that the close relationship between Huawei and the Chinese government shows that the goal of the company is to steal intellectual property and trade secrets, and ultimately undermine the U.S. However, while these close ties may exist, Huawei remains a private enterprise that was created in the 1980s while China was undergoing economic reform, and state-owned enterprises differ greatly from privately owned enterprises. Qing Wang, professor of marketing and innovation at the University of Warwick, finds that state-owned CEOs are appointed by the government and have strong communist ties, but CEOs of privately owned enterprises either created the business themselves or inherited it through their families. As a result, their capabilities and business practices differ. Wang believes Huawei has fallen victim to scandals created by the Western world.The ongoing U.S.-China war shows no signs of slowing. In fact, it's unclear how long it will last. It's also interesting to see how far the US is willing to go when it comes to regulating relations between American companies and Huawei.Load-Date: September 12, 2019End of Document

US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theftAssociated Press State & LocalOctober 7, 2019 Monday 6:30 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: STATE AND REGIONAL; Only on APLength: 1119 wordsByline: By ERIC TUCKER, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - As the U.S. warned allies around the world that Chinese tech giant Huawei was a security threat, the FBI was making the same point quietly to a Midwestern university.In an email to the associate vice chancellor for research at the University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, an agent wanted to know if administrators believed Huawei had stolen any intellectual property from the school.Told no, the agent responded: "I assumed those would be your answers, but I had to ask."It was no random query.The FBI has been reaching out to universities across the country as the U.S. tries to stem what American authorities portray as the wholesale theft of technology and trade secrets by researchers tapped by China. The breadth and intensity of the campaign emerges in emails obtained by The Associated Press through records requests to public universities in 50 states.Agents have lectured at seminars, briefed administrators in campus meetings and distributed pamphlets with cautionary tales of trade secret theft. In the past two years, they've requested emails of two University of Washington researchers, asked Oklahoma State University if it has scientists in specific areas and asked about "possible misuse" of research funds by a University of Colorado Boulder professor, according to the emails.The emails reveal administrators routinely requesting FBI briefings. But they also show some struggling to balance legitimate national security concerns against their own eagerness to avoid stifling research or tarnishing legitimate scientists. The Justice Department says it appreciates that push-pull and wants only to help separate the relatively few researchers engaged in theft from the majority who are not.Senior FBI officials told AP they're not encouraging schools to monitor researchers by nationality but instead to take steps to protect research. They consider the briefings vital since they say universities haven't historically been as attentive to security as they should be."When we go to the universities, what we're trying to do is highlight the risk to them without discouraging them from welcoming the researchers and students from a country like China," said Assistant Attorney General John Demers, the Justice Department's top national security official.The threat, officials say, is genuine. A University of Kansas researcher was recently charged with collecting federal grant money while working full-time for a Chinese university, and a Chinese government employee was arrested in a visa fraud scheme allegedly aimed at recruiting U.S. research talent. The Justice Department launched last year an effort called the China Initiative aimed at identifying priority trade secret cases and focusing resources on them."Existentially, we look at China as our greatest threat from an intelligence perspective, and they succeeded significantly in the last decade from stealing our best and brightest technology," said top U.S. counterintelligence official William Evanina.The most consequential case this year centered not on a university but on Huawei, charged with stealing corporate trade secrets and evading sanctions. The company denies wrongdoing. Several universities including Illinois, which received the FBI email last February, have begun severing ties with Huawei.But the government's track record hasn't been perfect.Federal prosecutors in 2015 dropped charges against a Temple University professor earlier accused of sending designs for a pocket heater to China. The professor, Xiaoxing Xi, is suing the FBI. "It was totally wrong," he said, "so I can only speak from my experience that whatever they put out there is not necessarily true."Richard Wood, the then-interim provost at the University of New Mexico, conveyed ambivalence in an email to colleagues last year. He wrote that he took seriously the concerns the FBI had identified to him in briefings, but also said "there are real tensions" with the "traditional academic norms regarding the free exchange of scientific knowledge wherever appropriate.""I do not think we would be wise to create new 'policy' on terrain this complex and fraught with internal trade-offs between legitimate concerns and values without some real dialogue on the matter," Wood wrote.FBI officials say they've received consistently positive feedback from universities. The emails show administrators at schools including the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill and Nebraska requesting briefings, training or generally expressing eagerness for cooperation.Kevin Gamache, chief research security officer for the Texas A&M University system, told the AP that he values his FBI interactions and that it flows in both directions."It's a dialogue that has to be ongoing."The vice president for research and economic development at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas welcomed the assistance in a city she noted was the "birthplace of atomic testing."We have a world-class radiochemistry faculty, our College of Engineering has significant numbers of faculty and students from China, and we have several other issues of concern to me as VPR. In all of these cases, the FBI is always available to help," the administrator wrote to agents.More than two dozen universities produced records, including symposium itineraries and a 13-page FBI pamphlet titled "China: The Risk to Academia" that warns that China does "not play by the same rules of academic integrity" as American universities.Some emails show agents seeking tips or following leads."If you have concerns about any faculty or graduate researchers, students, outside vendors ... pretty much anything we previously discussed - just reminding you that I am here to help," one wrote to Iowa State officials in 2017.In May, an agent sent the University of Washington a records request for two researchers' emails, seeking references to Chinese-government talent recruitment programs.Last year, an agent asked Oklahoma State University if it had researchers in encryption research or quantum computing. The University of Colorado received an FBI request about an "internal investigation" into a professor's "possible misuse" of NIH funds. The school told the AP that it found no misconduct and the professor has resigned.Though espionage concerns aren't new, FBI officials report an uptick in targeting of universities and more U.S. government attention too. The FBI says it's seen some progress from universities, with one official saying schools are more reliably pressing researchers about outside funding sources.Demers, the Justice Department official, said espionage efforts are "as pervasive, as well-resourced, as ever today."It's a serious problem today on college campuses."Load-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theftAssociated Press InternationalOctober 7, 2019 Monday 6:30 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: WASHINGTON DATELINE; Only on APLength: 1119 wordsByline: By ERIC TUCKER, Associated PressDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON (AP) - As the U.S. warned allies around the world that Chinese tech giant Huawei was a security threat, the FBI was making the same point quietly to a Midwestern university.In an email to the associate vice chancellor for research at the University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign, an agent wanted to know if administrators believed Huawei had stolen any intellectual property from the school.Told no, the agent responded: "I assumed those would be your answers, but I had to ask."It was no random query.The FBI has been reaching out to universities across the country as the U.S. tries to stem what American authorities portray as the wholesale theft of technology and trade secrets by researchers tapped by China. The breadth and intensity of the campaign emerges in emails obtained by The Associated Press through records requests to public universities in 50 states.Agents have lectured at seminars, briefed administrators in campus meetings and distributed pamphlets with cautionary tales of trade secret theft. In the past two years, they've requested emails of two University of Washington researchers, asked Oklahoma State University if it has scientists in specific areas and asked about "possible misuse" of research funds by a University of Colorado Boulder professor, according to the emails.The emails reveal administrators routinely requesting FBI briefings. But they also show some struggling to balance legitimate national security concerns against their own eagerness to avoid stifling research or tarnishing legitimate scientists. The Justice Department says it appreciates that push-pull and wants only to help separate the relatively few researchers engaged in theft from the majority who are not.Senior FBI officials told AP they're not encouraging schools to monitor researchers by nationality but instead to take steps to protect research. They consider the briefings vital since they say universities haven't historically been as attentive to security as they should be."When we go to the universities, what we're trying to do is highlight the risk to them without discouraging them from welcoming the researchers and students from a country like China," said Assistant Attorney General John Demers, the Justice Department's top national security official.The threat, officials say, is genuine. A University of Kansas researcher was recently charged with collecting federal grant money while working full-time for a Chinese university, and a Chinese government employee was arrested in a visa fraud scheme allegedly aimed at recruiting U.S. research talent. The Justice Department launched last year an effort called the China Initiative aimed at identifying priority trade secret cases and focusing resources on them."Existentially, we look at China as our greatest threat from an intelligence perspective, and they succeeded significantly in the last decade from stealing our best and brightest technology," said top U.S. counterintelligence official William Evanina.The most consequential case this year centered not on a university but on Huawei, charged with stealing corporate trade secrets and evading sanctions. The company denies wrongdoing. Several universities including Illinois, which received the FBI email last February, have begun severing ties with Huawei.But the government's track record hasn't been perfect.Federal prosecutors in 2015 dropped charges against a Temple University professor earlier accused of sending designs for a pocket heater to China. The professor, Xiaoxing Xi, is suing the FBI. "It was totally wrong," he said, "so I can only speak from my experience that whatever they put out there is not necessarily true."Richard Wood, the then-interim provost at the University of New Mexico, conveyed ambivalence in an email to colleagues last year. He wrote that he took seriously the concerns the FBI had identified to him in briefings, but also said "there are real tensions" with the "traditional academic norms regarding the free exchange of scientific knowledge wherever appropriate.""I do not think we would be wise to create new 'policy' on terrain this complex and fraught with internal trade-offs between legitimate concerns and values without some real dialogue on the matter," Wood wrote.FBI officials say they've received consistently positive feedback from universities. The emails show administrators at schools including the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill and Nebraska requesting briefings, training or generally expressing eagerness for cooperation.Kevin Gamache, chief research security officer for the Texas A&M University system, told the AP that he values his FBI interactions and that it flows in both directions."It's a dialogue that has to be ongoing."The vice president for research and economic development at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas welcomed the assistance in a city she noted was the "birthplace of atomic testing."We have a world-class radiochemistry faculty, our College of Engineering has significant numbers of faculty and students from China, and we have several other issues of concern to me as VPR. In all of these cases, the FBI is always available to help," the administrator wrote to agents.More than two dozen universities produced records, including symposium itineraries and a 13-page FBI pamphlet titled "China: The Risk to Academia" that warns that China does "not play by the same rules of academic integrity" as American universities.Some emails show agents seeking tips or following leads."If you have concerns about any faculty or graduate researchers, students, outside vendors ... pretty much anything we previously discussed - just reminding you that I am here to help," one wrote to Iowa State officials in 2017.In May, an agent sent the University of Washington a records request for two researchers' emails, seeking references to Chinese-government talent recruitment programs.Last year, an agent asked Oklahoma State University if it had researchers in encryption research or quantum computing. The University of Colorado received an FBI request about an "internal investigation" into a professor's "possible misuse" of NIH funds. The school told the AP that it found no misconduct and the professor has resigned.Though espionage concerns aren't new, FBI officials report an uptick in targeting of universities and more U.S. government attention too. The FBI says it's seen some progress from universities, with one official saying schools are more reliably pressing researchers about outside funding sources.Demers, the Justice Department official, said espionage efforts are "as pervasive, as well-resourced, as ever today."It's a serious problem today on college campuses."Load-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

Chinese response to NBA part of ongoing trendDaily Skiff: Texas Christian UniversityOctober 17, 2019 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 859 wordsBodyPrint ArticleThe biggest convergence of sports and politics in the last several years began with a seven-word tweet by the general manager of the Houston Rockets and ended with a fractured relationship between the NBA and China.Morey tweeted "Fight for Freedom. Stand with Hong Kong." (AP Photo/Pat Sullivan)Daryl Morey offered support for the freedom movement in Hong Kong, which is entering its fifth month of protests against legislation that would allow for its citizens to be extradited to mainland China.Morey quickly deleted his tweet, but the damage was already done. The Chinese Basketball Association, led by former Houston Rocket and Hall-of-Famer Yao Ming, followed suit by suspending its relations with the Rockets and several sponsors. "Where they have been able to bring pressure they have brought pressure and they know they can bring pressure on the NBA," said Sourabh Gupta, a senior fellow at the Institute for China America studies.The NBA responded with a statement saying that Morey's comments, "deeply offended many of our friends and fans in China, which is regrettable."This drew the ire of many in the US, including politicians from both sides of the aisle.Julián, glad to agree with you on this one. https://t.co/0V7PHY1iIW- Senator John Cornyn (@JohnCornyn) October 7, 2019The criticism stemmed from what some viewed as the NBA prioritizing their financial interests in China rather than standing up for the right to freedom of speech.The league's initial capitulation to China is not without precedent and is the latest example of China using their economic strength to try to coerce Western businesses into censoring any criticism of their government and its practices.Versace, Marriott, Gap and McDonalds have all made similar apologies after carrying out actions seen as sympathetic to Hong Kong and being threatened with the loss of business in China."On companies, including the NBA, there is a means to exercise pressure and they have been exercising pressure in Hong Kong on large multinational corporations," Gupta said of China.NBA commissioner Adam Silver released subsequent statements saying that the league was "not apologizing for Daryl exercising his freedom of expression," which only further escalated tensions.NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said that the league would have to live with the consequences of free speech as Chinese sponsors suspended or ended their relationships with the NBA last week . (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)China Central Television, one of the country's largest media groups, stopped broadcasting NBA games after the release of Silver's statement."We think any remarks that challenge national sovereignty and social stability are outside the category of freedom of speech," the company said in a statement.A Chinese streaming service Tencent, who signed a $1.5 billion deal with the NBA this summer, also suspended its game broadcasts.All 11 of the NBA's official sponsors in China suspended or terminated their relationships with the league. Among these include smartphone maker Vivo and Etrip, China's biggest online travel website.Gupta added that the response to Morey's tweet may have been particularly strong given China's feelings on the protest movement in Hong Kong.Thousands of black-clad pro-democracy protesters defied a police ban and marched in central Hong Kong on Tuesday, urging China's Communist Party to "return power to the people" as the party celebrated its 70th year of rule. (AP Photo/Gemunu Amarasinghe )"It is about the Chinese people, themselves being very upset about the situation in Hong Kong and how it's been played out," he said. "As I said it is a Hong Kong issue and a Hong Kong problem which China has been dragged into and basically been smeared."TCU senior and native of China Yan "Ace" Sun said China's sovereignty has always been a sensitive topic for its people and explains in part the anger at Morey's tweet.Sun pointed to the 1937 massacre of Chinese citizens by Japanese soldiers in his hometown of Nanjing as just one example of why China is so sensitive to foreign interference."So when the general manager mentioned about Hong Kong, the Chinese people and its government think it is disturbing the Chinese sovereignty, which is really sensitive after all the stuff that has happened," he said.In China's previous disputes with Western corporations, the country has repeatedly emphasized the need for its business partners to recognize and respect the sovereignty of their territory, including Hong Kong."The government sees the Hong Kong issue as their internal affairs," Sun said.While some predicted that the Morey incident could spell the end of the NBA's relationship with China, Gupta thinks it will result in a new normal.Both the NBA and China will look to return their relationship back to normal in the wake of recent tension. (AP Photo)"Yes the NBA wants to make money in China but the Chinese have a great love for NBA basketball and they're not going to suspend or give that up," Gupta said.In the first sign of cooling tensions, Tencent streamed two NBA games this week and took down their post announcing a ban of all NBA broadcasts.Load-Date: October 18, 2019End of Document

The Los Angeles Lakers and the Brooklyn Nets will play in China despite controversyCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 10, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 334 wordsBodyShanghai, China, Oct 10 (EFE).- The pre-season match between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Brooklyn Nets scheduled for Thursday in the Chinese city of Shanghai will finally be played, after hours of uncertainty over the NBA crisis with the Chinese government.Through The Chinese social network Weibo, similar to Twitter, the NBA confirmed that the match will be played as scheduled at 19:30 local time (11:30 GMT).All this after hours of rumours and conflicting messages over the possible cancellation of the event as yet yet a further consequence of the conflict unleashed by comments from Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey on behalf of Hong Kong protesters.On Wednesday, the Shanghai Sports Federation decided to cancel an NBA fan event to be held at the Shanghai Oriental Sports Center, which was precisely the stadium where the U.S. national team played in the first phase of the last Cup. of the world.In addition, images of murals and advertisements related to American basketball covered with paint circulate on social media in retaliation.Last Friday, Morey posted on her personal Twitter account a (already deleted) message that read: "Fight for freedom. It supports Hong Kong," referring to the four-month pro-democracy demonstrations in the city, with full opposition from Beijing.As a result, state-owned CCTV television and technology giant Tencent, a major partner of ESPN and the NBA in China with a $1.5 billion broadcast deal (about 1.366 million euros) over the next 5 years, announced that they would not broadcast Rockets games.And last Tuesday CCTV announced that it will not broadcast any of the NBA team games that are in China this week doing the preseason.The issue has also reached the White House, where on Wednesday US President Donald Trump, in his first public comments on the subject, harshly criticized coaches who are being "complacent" with China, such as the national technician Gregg Popovich of the San Antonio Spurs and Steve Kerr of the Golden State Warriors.Load-Date: October 11, 2019End of Document

As FCC Looks to Crack Down on Huawei, House Foreign Affairs Committee Passes Spanberger's Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G StrategyTargeted News ServiceOctober 31, 2019 Thursday 8:27 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 699 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Abigail Spanberger, D-Virginia, issued the following news release:* * *- According to a 2018 NATO Report, Huawei's Growing Role as a Supplier of 5G Could Be Exploited by China to Commit Espionage, Monitor Foreign Corporations and Governments, &#38; Support Chinese Military Operations* * *The U.S. House Foreign Affairs Committee today passed U.S. Representative Abigail Spanberger's bipartisan legislation to protect 5G telecommunications systems and mobile infrastructure in Central Virginia and across the United States.Earlier this week, the Federal Communications Commission announced its intention to place greater restrictions on Chinese telecommunications companies like Huawei and ZTE due to widespread security concerns. According to a 2018 North Atlantic Treaty Organization report, Huawei's growing influence as a leading supplier of 5G technology could be exploited by China to engage in espionage, monitor foreign corporations and governments, and support Chinese military operations.The Spanberger-led Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to develop an unclassified, national strategy to protect U.S. consumers and assist allies in maximizing the security of their 5G telecommunications systems. The strategy would also identify additional ways to spur research and development by U.S. companies in a way that maintains access for all Americans."In the face of mounting cybersecurity threats from China, the United States must develop a national gameplan to safeguard our telecommunications infrastructure. This strategy needs to recognize that, with the integration of Chinese 5G technology in countries around the world, the threat of foreign influence in our 5G networks--and those of our partners and allies--continues to grow," said Spanberger. "Today, I was proud to see my Secure 5G and Beyond Act pass out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and I thank my colleagues for demonstrating strong bipartisan support in defending Americans' access to the next generation of cutting-edge technology. Especially as we look to expand internet connectivity in rural and underserved areas across the country, it's imperative that we build a strategy to contain the growing prominence of Huawei, level the playing field for American tech companies, and protect the privacy of American families and businesses."Ahead of the bill's passage out of the Committee, Spanberger discussed the urgent need for a comprehensive plan to protect the competitiveness of U.S. companies and the privacy of U.S. consumers in the face of threats from Chinese telecommunications firms.Spanberger introduced the Secure 5G and Beyond Act in May 2019. Her bill is cosponsored by U.S. Representatives Susan W. Brooks (R-IN-05), Tom O'Halleran (D-AZ-01), Francis Rooney (R-FL-19), Elissa Slotkin (D-MI-08), and Elise Stefanik (R-NY-21).Currently, the Chinese government's Made in China 2025 plan calls 5G a "strategic emerging industry." Already, Chinese tech companies own 36 percent of all 5G standard-essential patents, whereas U.S.-based companies only possess 14 percent of critical 5G patents. Earlier this year, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford called the potential risks of a Chinese-built 5G network "a critical national security issue" for the United States.Specifically, the bipartisan Secure 5G and Beyond Act would require the administration to build an interagency strategy to:- Secure 5th generation and future-generation telecommunications systems and infrastructure across the United States,- Assist U.S. allies and defense partners in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure in their countries, and- Protect the competitiveness of U.S. companies, the privacy of U.S. consumers, and the integrity of international standards-setting bodies against foreign political influence.The Secure 5G and Beyond Act is companion legislation to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators John Cornyn (R-TX), Mark Warner (D-VA), and Richard Burr (R-NC).Click here (https://spanberger.house.gov/UploadedFiles/Secure_5G_and_Beyond_Act.pdf) to read the full bill text.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6910350 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: October 31, 2019End of Document

PHILIPPINES ARRESTS NEARLY 300 CHINESE SUSPECTS IN ONLINE FRAUD RACKETStates News ServiceSeptember 13, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 486 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:In one of the biggest busts in recent years, Philippine police arrested nearly 300 Chinese nationals suspected of being part of a ring that targeted people in China through an online investment scam, immigration officials in Manila said Friday.The Bureau of Immigration, in coordination with other Philippine law enforcement agencies and the Chinese Ministry of Public Security (MPS), were carrying out a raid to arrest four wanted Chinese fugitives in the Manila area on Wednesday, when they stumbled upon 273 other Chinese nationals, the bureau announced in a statement Friday.All 277 Chinese were taken into custody after the operation at the Ortigas financial district in Pasig city, Immigration Commissioner Jaime Morente said, adding the raid took place after the bureau got a tip from the Chinese Embassy."We received an official communication from Police Attache Chen Chao of the Chinese Embassy in the Philippines indicating that these [four] Chinese fugitives engaged in an investment scam that victimized more than a thousand individuals, and has an estimated cost of damages amounting to more than 100 million RMB [U.S. $14.1 million dollars]," Morente said, referring to the Chinese currency, the Renminbi.However, in the course of the raid, it "yielded the incidental arrest of 273 other Chinese nationals who were caught in the act of conducting illegal online operations," said Bobby Raquepo, head of the bureau's Fugitive Search Unit.The unit later verified with Chinese embassy officials that the 273 were undocumented workers who were also wanted in China on suspicion of involvement in economic crimes, he said."It was discovered that they are also fugitives from justice, and wanted for large-scale fraud and investment scam in their country," Raquepo said.All 277 Chinese were detained at an immigration facility and charged with violating immigration laws, officials said, adding that the suspects were to be turned over to Chinese authorities before being deported.The raid comes amid an intensified crackdown by the Philippines on undocumented migrants working mostly in online casinos that operate in the country and cater to Chinese customers.Last month, China's foreign ministry called on Manila to ban online gaming involving Chinese citizens, as Beijing sought support in cracking down on cross-border gambling. According to the Chinese government, gambling was a "dangerous tumor" on society and casinos could be used to embezzle and launder money.But Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte refused to comply with the request, saying the casino industry provided a new source of income for his country and much-needed jobs for Filipinos.Some 200,000 Chinese nationals work in the Philippines, most of them employed in the gaming industry, according to government data.Reported by BenarNews, an RFA-affiliated online news service.Load-Date: September 14, 2019End of Document

SEN. CRUZ: WE SHOULDN'T HAVE AMERICAN SPORTS LEAGUES, COMPANIES, OR HOLLYWOOD ACTING AS THE CENSORS FOR TOTALITARIAN REGIMESStates News ServiceOctober 22, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1734 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, D.C. BodyThe following information was released by Texas Senator Ted Cruz:U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Judiciary Committees, today in his first TV interview since his 'Friends and Allies Tour' of the Indo-Pacific appeared on Fox Business Network's 'Mornings with Maria.' There, he discussed his op-ed in USA Today urging American companies, including the NBA, Nike, Apple, and Google, to stop importing the Chinese Communist Party's censorship and oppression to the United States.In discussing the human rights abuses the Chinese Communist Party commits against its citizens, Sen. Cruz noted the critical role U.S. companies have in standing up for American values and not importing the values of censorship and totalitarianism:"The trade we have with China is important. One of the big arguments when we opened up that trade to begin with [in] China was we said well, if we engage in commerce with China we'll export our values, we'll bring the values of freedom and democracy to China. We need to make sure that we are not importing their values - the values of censorship and totalitarianism."He continued:"And I understand, it's a whole lot of money. I mean that led to the rather sad moment last week where you had LeBron James going out and defending the Chinese Communists. [...] Look the only thing that the NBA is understanding right now is they want to make a lot of bucks by selling a lot of sneakers. But, you know, China routinely tortures and murders its citizens. There are hundreds of thousands - nearly a million Uighurs - Muslims in China, who are imprisoned in concentration camps. You look at what they're doing to Tibet. And by the way, China won't even allow you to say the word Tibet, they're so terrified of the people in Tibet who want freedom. You know it's so bad that the movie Dr. Strange, they changed the Ancient One, which in the comic book is Tibetan, they changed him instead to Keltic because they didn't want to offend the Chinese Communist government. We shouldn't have Hollywood acting as the censors for totalitarian regimes."When asked about his visit to Hong Kong during his 'Friends and Allies Tour,' Sen. Cruz described the threat China poses to the region:"I went to Japan, I went to Taiwan, I went to India, and then I went to Hong Kong. [...] Each of those are countries we have strong alliances with, and each of them are dealing very directly with Chinese increased military aggressiveness, economic aggressiveness. Hong Kong in particular, what is happening in Hong Kong is incredible. I mean we've seen over two million people come to the streets protesting. Protesting for freedom, protesting for democracy, and it's amazing to see them holding up quotes from the American Founding Fathers. The people of Hong Kong, they've enjoyed economic prosperity when they were part of Great Britain, and when they returned to China, China entered an international treaty commitment to protect their autonomy, to protect their political rights, and right now the Chinese government is trying to stomp them under foot. I will tell you everyone else in the region is watching very carefully, what happens in [Hong Kong]."When asked how the United States can support the Hong Kong protesters, he highlighted the bipartisan Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act and urged his colleagues to vote for it this week:"Well I'm a cosponsor of the Human Rights and Democracy Act. Just a few weeks ago the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on when I serve, we unanimously passed the bill, the bipartisan bill - every Democrat, every Republican came together and passed it. I hope that the Senate takes [it] up soon ideally this week, the Human Rights Democracy Act that we pass it, and we pass into it law, because it's powerful to stand with the protesters in Hong Kong and to say the American people support you, support freedom."He also described his visit with the Hong Kong protesters, and encouraged them to remain nonviolent:"When I was in Hong Kong I got a chance to sit down with a number of the protest leaders and democracy activists and encourage them, and say look, the eyes of the world are on you. And one of the things I encouraged them also, I said follow the pattern of Gandhi, of Dr. Martin Luther King, follow the pattern of nonviolence. The Chinese government wants to turn these into violent clashes, because that's how they delegitimize you. And so use the power of the values you're fighting for to command the attention of the world, and I hope that's the path they continue to go down."Watch Sen. Cruz's full interview with Maria Bartiromo here. Read Sen. Cruz's full op-ed in USA Today here and below:Cruz to NBA: Don't pander to China's brutal Communist Party, stand up for US free speechUSA TodayOctober 22, 2019By: Sen. CruzJackie Robinson did more than take first base for the Brooklyn Dodgers on April 15, 1947. As Americans across the country tuned into their favorite pastime, Robinson took a stand for freedom. His bravery, courage and tremendous natural talent allowed him to pave the way for a cultural revolution and the integration of all Americans, regardless of color or creed.Whether it's baseball in America, cricket in India or rugby in New Zealand, sports teams are influential in forming the identity of a nation and direction of a culture.In a country where citizens are routinely censored, surveilled and oppressed, and hundreds of thousands of Uighurs are persecuted and detained, basketball is one of the last remnants of American influence in China from before its 1949 communist revolution. That's why lawmakers from both parties, Americans across the country, and people around the world were deeply concerned by the NBA's initial statement of regret in the face of Chinese government disapproval and pressure after an American citizen's exercise of free speech this month.According to the league, 800 million people in China watched NBA programming last year alone. As the most influential sports league in China, the NBA has the opportunity to stand for freedom with the poise and courage of Robinson. Instead, the NBA is choosing to pander to the brutal and oppressive Communist Party in China, putting American values aside for multibillion dollar deals.To recap, this all started with a single tweet from Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey, who signaled support for peaceful, pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong. This one tweet ("Fight for Freedom, Stand with Hong Kong") was enough to send the Chinese Communist Party into a tailspin. Out of fear of losing its five-year, $1.5 billion broadcasting contract with Tencent, a tool of the Chinese government, the NBA and its athletes backpedaled and began profusely apologizing.Morey's tweet is just one example of how far the Chinese Communist Party will go to advance its authoritarian regime and silence anyone daring to speak against Chinese oppression and for freedom. The party is increasingly relying on its military to bully its neighbors and threaten American interests. It uses economic and diplomatic coercion to blackmail poor nations, leaving our allies isolated and undermined. And despite the massive peaceful demonstrations by protesters and a commitment memorialized in law to protect Hong Kong's autonomy, the Chinese Communist Party continues to blatantly ignore the democratic will of the people - oppressing free speech and trampling basic human rights.The same week the NBA bowed to pressure from the Chinese Communist Party, I traveled to Tokyo, Taipei, New Delhi and Hong Kong, where I saw firsthand the geopolitical threat China poses to our friends and allies in the region.In Japan, I met with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and senior members of the Japanese government, and we discussed the effect of China's aggressive military expansionism and the important role of the U.S. partnership - both militarily, with the Texas-manufactured F-35 fighter craft, and economically, with our recently signed trade agreement.In Tapei, President Tsai Ing-wen, Foreign Minister Joseph Wu and I discussed how China works overtime to isolate Taiwan and undercut its autonomy. I am a proud cosponsor of the bipartisan TAIPEI Act, which underscores America's support for the people of Taiwan and commits to standing against China's efforts to undermine Taiwan. As China's threats intensify, the United States must stand unflinchingly with the people of Taiwan.In India, during my meetings with the defense minister and commerce secretary, we discussed how our military relationship and economic partnership stabilizes the region, as China seeks to use its military to bully and coerce its neighbors.And in Hong Kong, where free enterprise abounds and per capita income is five times higher than in China, up to 2 million protesters have taken to the streets to fight for their freedom. Brave men and women, boys and girls are standing up demanding that the Chinese Communist Party protect Hong Kong's autonomy, protect free speech and defend human rights.I am hopeful Congress will pass the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act and send it to President Donald Trump's desk to be signed into law. This bill specifically includes my bipartisan amendment to the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992. It will strengthen oversight over Hong Kong policy, in response to expanding moves by the Chinese Communist Party to exploit Hong Kong and circumvent the laws of the United States.For too long, China has been allowed to carry out its tyrannical actions in the dark of night. The Chinese Communist Party has used coercion and blackmail to buy silence not just from the NBA, which receives billions of dollars from the country, but also from industry empires like Apple, Google and Nike.I have long condemned U.S. companies that turn a blind eye to, and in some cases carry out, the Chinese Communist Party's censorship, oppression and human rights atrocities, and I will continue working with my colleagues to hold those companies accountable, and ensure that they are not importing Chinese oppression to the United States.The American people expect more from the companies they trust and the sports leagues they cheer. American sports leagues and companies alike should embrace the courage of Jackie Robinson's legacy. They may just find themselves paving the way for a cultural revolution worth fighting for.Load-Date: October 23, 2019End of Document

Analysis: China-Venezuela cooperation: on the Silk RoadCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 10, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1268 wordsBodyVenezuela and China have been in diplomatic and trade relations since 1974. Since then, political dialogue and financial and economic cooperation have been strengthened. The number of high-level political meetings has increased and concrete cooperation projects in oil, mining, trade, infrastructure, science, technology, as well as cultural and sporting exchanges launched.Cooperation with China is carried out through high-ranking government commissions and strategic dialogue. Over the years, the mechanism for political consultation between the chancelleries and government agencies has been consolidated, in order to coordinate positions and actions on matters of common interest, based on the guiding principles of respect and trust, mutual support and shared gain. Loans from China and landmark agreements between 1999-2019In this period, an unprecedented number of agreements have been signed between the two nations. China's lending policy to Venezuela is an unparalleled expression of economic and financial cooperation. Since 2007, Venezuela has received 52% of the financing from Chinese state banks to the region, equivalent to $67,499 million. As of 2015, the loans have been provided by Chinese financial institutions and add up to $5,191 million, which have been concentrated in oil and mining activities.This is China's largest credit contribution to a single country, without the obligation to implement drastic adjustment measures that tend to fall on the most vulnerable population. Loans are paid with oil shipments and have been directed to: infrastructure projects and social programs, housing construction, assembly industry, extraction and improvement of heavy crude oils and infrastructure for the extraction and export of Minerals.In 2001, the High Level Joint Commission was created. This cooperation mechanism allowed the subscription of a large number of projects in different areas of strategic partnership. In 2004, a Letter of Intent was signed between the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Light Industries and Trade of Venezuela and the Chinese company Lanchao Group Co. Ltd. To establish the Venezuelan joint venture company of Technology Industry (VIT), which assembles and distributes computers with Venezuelan labor.In 2007 the Venezuelan Chinese Mixed Fund was created, which allowed the financing of more than 200 projects, including the Simón Bolívar Satellite, Metro lines and railways and land. In 2008, the first artificial satellite, owned by the Venezuelan State and administered by the Ministry for Science and Technology, was launched through the Bolivarian Agency for Space Activities (ABAE).In 2010, an agreement was signed for the joint operation of the Junín 4 block in the Orinoco Oil Belt, through the establishment of a joint venture with the Venezuelan Petroleum Corporation.New agreements for agro-industrial, oil technology and a plan for the development of the gold industry were signed in 2015. In 2017, Venezuela successfully launched its third satellite from the People's Republic of China, which entered orbit on October 9 of that year.In 2018, an agreement was signed to strengthen cooperation between the National Gas Exploitation Corporation of China (CNODC) and PDVSA with the aim of exploring and exploiting gas in Venezuela, as well as acontract operating the gold sector with the Chinese company Yankuang Group.Pdvsa also signed an agreement to transfer 9.9% of Sinovensa's shares to the National Petroleum Corporation of China (CNPC) in order to inject resources to support the extraction and improvement of heavy crude from the Orinoco Oil Belt (FPO). By 2019, Pdvsa and CNPC have reached investments of more than $3 billion in order to increase the country's oil production.Sinovensa is a joint venture of Pdvsa and Chinese state-owned CNPC, which is located in the FPO. CNPC has provided the financial, technical and human resources to turn Venezuelan heavy crude into a higher quality crude called Merey, which is the most in demand by Asian refiners. This joint venture has expanded its operating areas and is the second largest foreign equity in the country.With the expansion of the José mixing plant (PMJ), located in the José Antonio Anzoátegui Industrial Complex it is expected that Sinovensa can produce 165,000 barrels per day of extra-heavy oil and then reach 230,000 barrels per day. Its intense activity has helped to slow the fall in oil production in Venezuela, affected by a lack of investment and management problems, a problem that has been aggravated by the sanctions imposed by the United States on Pdvsa.Venezuela on the Silk Road  In 2018 it was agreed to integrate Venezuela into the La Franja y la Ruta initiative, also known as The New Silk Road, China's global infrastructure investment project to correct asymmetries and disparities between nations and facilitate a process of trade and economic integration.  It is based on the principles of mutual support and shared benefits to create an open economic system that makes sustainable economic development possible.The incorporation into the Strip and the Route involves the coordination of public policies to successfully carry out the colossal investment in the construction of railways, highways, ports, airports, pipelines, pipelines, aqueducts, electricity generation and required to facilitate the free flow of people, goods and investments and enable the integral development of participating countries.Internationally this project is known by the acronym OBOR (One Belt, One Road). Since its launch in 2013, more than 150 countries and international organizations have signed cooperation agreements to promote and concrete The New Silk Road, according to the principle "contribution of all for the benefit of all". These countries account for more than 65% of the population and more than one third of world GDP. Chinese investment in Venezuela is not ideological, pragmatic and economical. China, the world's largest oil importer, is also the largest buyer in Asia of Venezuelan fuel. Hence its financing is concentrated in two major areas: infrastructure and extractive activities in the oil, gas and mining sectors.While international agencies such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Bank (WB) and Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) maintain a contemplative attitude and merely project further declines in GDP and the upsurge in hyperinflation in Venezuela, the Chinese government offers technical and financial support to developcommon interest, based on mutual effort and shared benefits.Chinese financing does not require mandatory economic reforms such as those of the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank. Beijing accepts being paid with oil, minerals and other raw materials, but requires an obligation to hire Chinese companies to execute the projects. What interests China most is regaining its abeliefs and protecting its investments as the basics for continuing and deepening its cooperative relationship with Venezuela.China has set out to be a great global economic, trade and financial power that has the United States as one of its major markets and partners, which is why it is not interested in challengeing or confronting the White House in the geopolitical and military sphere , hunting a fight for Venezuela.China claims its proper place in the governance of the new multipolar system, but asserts that its claim is not to become hegemonic. If a violent confrontation breaks out, it won't be because of China's expansion and domination. Hence his restraint in the Venezuelan conflict.Load-Date: October 11, 2019End of Document

USCIRF Urges Congress to Pass Tibetan Policy and Support Act, Welcomes Recent Measures to Protect Religious Freedom in ChinaTargeted News ServiceOctober 10, 2019 Thursday 8:40 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 571 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom issued the following news release:The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) (https://http/www.uscirf.gov) today welcomed the recent introduction of the Tibetan Policy and Support Act of 2019 (H.R.4331 (           https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/116/hr4331) / S.2539 (           https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/116/s2539) and urges Congress to swiftly pass it. If enacted, the bill would impose sanctions and a visa ban on any Chinese official who interferes in the selection of a successor to His Holiness the Dalai Lama. In addition, the bill would require the Secretary of State to seek to establish a consulate in Lhasa."Without the right to choose their leaders, religious communities in China essentially have no freedom," said USCIRF Commissioner Gary Bauer. "This bill sends a strong signal that the United States supports the role of Tibetan Buddhist religious leaders in selecting the next Dalai Lama and views any interference by the Chinese government as a religious freedom violation.""USCIRF thanks Senator Rubio and Representative McGovern, as well as the bipartisan group of members of Congress who have already cosponsored the bill, for their leadership in protecting religious freedom in Tibet," added Commissioner Tenzin Dorjee. "I also welcome the recent passage of a resolution by Tibetan representatives at the Third Special General Meeting in India on His Holiness the Dalai Lama's next reincarnation. We have watched with alarm as the Chinese government increases its stranglehold not only over Tibetan Buddhists, but also over Uighur Muslims, Christians, Falun Gong practitioners and other religious communities throughout the country."USCIRF also welcomed the U.S. Department of Commerce's decision (https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2019/10/us-department-commerce-adds-28-chinese-organizations-its-entity-list) this week to ban the export of certain technological components to 28 Chinese companies and organizations implicated in the mass interment of Uighur Muslims, as well as the U.S. Department of State's announcement (           https://www.state.gov/u-s-department-of-state-imposes-visa-restrictions-on-chinese-officials-for-repression-in-xinjiang/) of visa restrictions on Chinese officials responsible for those abuses. In September 2019, USCIRF released a report (           https://www.uscirf.gov/sites/default/files/2019%20China%20Surveillance%20State%20Update.pdf) documenting how the Chinese government uses surveillance cameras, biometric technology and artificial intelligence to monitor and harass Tibetan Buddhists and Uighur Muslims.In its 2019 Annual Report (https://www.uscirf.gov/reports-briefs/annual-report/2019-annual-report), USCIRF called upon the administration to use its authority under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (           https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Documents/glomag_pl_114-328.pdf) and International Religious Freedom Act (           https://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?path=/prelim@title22/chapter73&#38;edition=prelim) to enact targeted sanctions against Chinese officials responsible for severe religious freedom violations, especially Chen Quanguo, the current Communist Party Secretary of Xinjiang and former Secretary for Tibet until 2016.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6887501 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: October 11, 2019End of Document

AUSTRALIAN MINISTER SLAMS CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTYStates News ServiceOctober 13, 2019 SundayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 400 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: SYDNEY BodyThe following information was released by the Voice of America (VOA):By Phil MercerOne of Australia's most senior government ministers has accused the Chinese Communist Party of behaving in ways that are "inconsistent" with his country's values. Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton warned Canberra would work to counter foreign interference in Australian universities, as well as cyber espionage.Peter Dutton's comments are some of the most uncompromising language yet from an Australian government minister on the perceived threat posed by China.Tensions between Canberra and Beijing have risen in recent times because of allegations of cyber attacks by China, and that it has meddled in Australia's domestic politics. There's also been friction over the detention of a Chinese-Australian writer in Beijing, and differences over Chinese territorial claims in the South China Sea.Australia also has concerns about Chinese interference in its universities, including allegations that students who have supported democracy protests in Hong Kong have been harassed or monitored by Chinese agents on campus.Peter Dutton said Australia must be wary of China's ambitions."My issue is with the Communist Party of China and their policies to the extent that they are inconsistent with our own values, and in a democracy like ours we encourage freedom of speech, freedom of the expression of thought, and if that is being impinged, if people are operating outside of the law then whether they are from China or from any other country we are right to call that out," he said.The comments prompted a stinging response from the Chinese government.A Foreign Ministry spokesman, Geng Shuang, told a press conference that he hoped "Australia will reject the Cold War mentality and bias, and work to advance bilateral relations and mutual trust."The Chinese Embassy in Canberra said it rejected "Mr Dutton's irrational accusations ... which are shocking and baseless."Australia is a liberal, middle-ranking world power. China is its biggest trading partner by some distance, and three of the main pillars of the Australian economy, mining, tourism and education, rely heavily on demand from China.The challenge for Australia, which has a close military alliance with the United States, is to be able to criticize and challenge China while maintaining a key trade relationship that has underpinned its recent prosperity.Load-Date: October 14, 2019End of Document

The United States strikes a blow to China's AI ambitionsCNN WireOctober 10, 2019 Thursday 5:39 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 1063 wordsByline: By Sherisse Pham, CNN BusinessDateline: HONG KONG (CNN Business) BodyHONG KONG (CNN Business) --  The United States just handicapped China's lofty artificial intelligence ambitions. Washington this week targeted Chinese facial recognition startups SenseTime, Megvii and Yitu over national security concerns and foreign policy interests, aggravating the clash between the two economic superpowers over who will dominate the technologies of the future. SenseTime is the second-most valuable artificial intelligence startup in the world, with investments from tech giants SoftBank and Alibaba and a private market valuation of $7.5 billion, according to CB Insights. (The most valuable artificial intelligence startup is another Chinese company, ByteDance, which uses AI to power its popular apps, such as video platform TikTok.) Megvii and Yitu are worth $4 billion and $2.4 billion respectively, according to CB Insights. The three tech startups, along with a handful of other Chinese firms like AI-driven surveillance camera maker Hikvision and voice recognition firm iFlyTek, are now banned from buying US products or importing American technology.The US Commerce Department added them to a trade blacklist this week, saying the companies had been implicated in human rights violations against Uyghurs and other members of Muslim minority groups in Xinjiang. Twenty government and security bureaus in China's Xinjiang region were also included in the ban.Chinese authorities dismissed the human rights allegations, and threatened retaliation against US companies."The US accusations against China are groundless and senseless. They only expose the evil motives of the United States to interfere with counterterrorism efforts in Xinjiang and thwart China's development," China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Tuesday, telling reporters to "stay tuned" for retaliation. Beijing wants to turn China into a global AI leader by 2030. In 2017, it set out goals to build a domestic artificial intelligence industry worth about $150 billion in the next few years. The potential economic and social benefits for AI breakthroughs are enormous. AI-powered machines are already being used to provide customer service, manage logistics, monitor equipment on factory floors, optimize energy consumption, and analyze medical records, according to a 2017 study from consulting firm McKinsey. McKinsey estimates that the total market for AI applications will reach $127 billion by 2025. China has several advantages when it comes to the development of AI, including an army of young talent, a strong and unified government AI policy, and about 850 million mobile internet users fueling huge data sets daily. Artificial intelligence is the new frontier for many global tech leaders, with everybody from Google parent Alphabet to IBM plowing money into the burgeoning field.Chinese tech giants Baidu and Tencent have established AI research centers in the United States. Baidu, in particular, has been extremely bullish on the industry.SenseTime, Megvii and Yitu are smaller companies, but they were flourishing thanks to a glut of venture capital cash and the Chinese government's push for investments into AI. Being banned from buying tech and components from US companies could slow that momentum. Chinese AI companies rely on computer chips and graphics processing units from US companies such as Qualcomm and Nvidia. In a note this week, the Eurasia Group called the US move "especially aggressive" given the timing just ahead of trade talks and the scope of the targets. The tech firms are some of China's most prominent in the areas of facial recognition and artificial intelligence. Hikvision is a $42 billion company and the world's largest video surveillance gear maker. SenseTime and iFlyTek were named to China's National AI team in 2017. While the move is "aimed more at the Xinjiang issue and not squarely at China's AI ambitions," it does fit into a broader narrative within the US government, said Paul Triolo, who specializes in global technology policy at Eurasia Group. The "United States and China are in a long term struggle for dominating the technologies of the future, and part of that narrative is that China is using technologies such as AI in the service of government surveillance and in ways that go against Western values in terms of things like privacy," he said. Megvii tried to downplay its dependence on American suppliers, saying in a statement that its supply chain is global and "the US is just one part of it." In a recent IPO prospectus, the company said its top five suppliers are based in China.Megvii also said "there are no grounds" for the company being added to Washington's trade blacklist. "We are ... in compliance with all laws and regulations in jurisdictions where we operate. We require our clients not to weaponize our technology or solutions or use them for illegal purposes," the company said. SenseTime said in a statement that it is disappointed by the Commerce Department's decision and will work to resolve the situation."We have been actively developing our AI code of ethics to ensure our technologies are used in a responsible way," the company said, adding that it has "robust reserves and continuity plans" to minimize the impact on research and development.Yitu did not respond to requests for comment.All of these companies have likely stockpiled supplies of computer chips and are working to develop alternatives, according to Triolo. "Like Huawei, they will be able to continue to supply customers but the action could threaten there ability to design new and more advanced systems if they cannot find comparable alternatives to US supplied components," he said. And as Huawei has shown, it only takes dependence on one American firm to cripple global ambitions. Washington added the Chinese technology company to the trade blacklist in May. The company said it has since found alternative suppliers for many of the parts it used to buy from American companies, but it couldn't find a good replacement for Google services. The company was forced to launch its flagship Mate 30 phone without access to popular apps like Google Maps and YouTube, and its global smartphone sales have suffered, with some analysts predicting "a steep decline" for the third quarter, when the US trade ban was in full effect. TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Notes1:38pm HKT Thursday: Adds SenseTime statement.Load-Date: October 11, 2019End of Document

USCIRF Report Documents How China's Surveillance State Threatens Religious FreedomTargeted News ServiceSeptember 16, 2019 Monday 8:22 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 309 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom issued the following news release:The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) today released a report on the Chinese government's use of surveillance cameras, biometric technology and artificial intelligence to monitor and harass religious communities. Included in the report are how the government has installed thousands of cameras around mosques, temples, and churches in order to track who attends services; and Chinese companies have marketed facial recognition technology as has having the ability to identify and notify security forces about the presence of any Uighur Muslims or Tibetan Buddhists."We are deeply disturbed by the Chinese government's misuse of technology to create a dystopian surveillance state, one that particularly targets religious communities," said USCIRF Commissioner Gary Bauer. "We urge the U.S. government and American businesses to take steps to ensure that American technological advances are not being used by Chinese authorities to suppress religious freedom and related human rights.""China's repression of religion is not new, but its ability to harness these technologies has expanded the scale and scope of the threat to religious freedom in the country," added Commissioner Tenzin Dorjee.In its 2019 Annual Report, USCIRF recommended that the U.S. government increase export restrictions on technologies that have enhanced the Chinese government's capacity to monitor and harass religious and ethnic communities. USCIRF has welcomed the U.S. Senate's passage of the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act, which would require the Director of National Intelligence to report on the transfer or development of technology used by Chinese authorities to monitor and detain Uighur Muslims.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6856729 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: September 17, 2019End of Document

CHINA DETAINS HONG KONG-BOUND U.S. CITIZEN FEDEX PILOT | TUE, 24 SEP 2019 11:34 EDTStates News ServiceSeptember 24, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 514 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the Center for the National Interest (former the Nixon Center):China detained and released former U.S. Air Force colonel and FedEx pilot in Guangzhou last week while he was waiting for a flight to his home in Hong Kong, according to his familys lawyer in FloridaTodd A. Hohn was returning to Hong Kong after piloting FedEx delivery planes throughout Asia from a FedEx hub in the Guangzhou airport when he was arrested by Chinese authorities, The Wall Street Journal reported citing people familiar with the matter.Chinese authorities in Guangzhou detained and later released one of our pilots on bail after an item was found in his luggage prior to a commercial flight, FedEx said in a statement to The Wall Street Journal. We are working with the appropriate authorities to gain a better understanding of the facts.Chinese authorities detained a FedEx pilot, elevating pressure on the shipping company that is already caught up in the U.S.-China trade war https://t.co/175WBTrdzxThe Wall Street Journal (@WSJ) September 19, 2019Mr. Hohn was reportedly had nonmetallic pellets used in low-power replica air guns in his bag when he was detained. Chinese officials said he was transporting ammunition, and he is now facing a criminal investigation, those familiar with the issue told WSJ.Border police have been checking bags of passengers traveling to and from mainland China and Hong Kong amid tensions between the two regions.Hohns detention comes amid tight U.S.-China trade-war tensions and as FedEx faces two other investigations by the Chinese government after the country received complaints from users and added that foreign operators ought to protect the legitimate interests of Chinese companies, according to a June 2 South China Morning Post (SCMP) report citing Chinas top postal regulator.Chinese tech giant Huawei, for example, accused the U.S. shipping company which used to partner with Amazon of re-routing of its packages without authorization from Huawei.Since the U.S. government put Huawei on its so-called entity list in May this year, FedEx has repeatedly messed about with Huaweis deliveries FedEx has threatened Chinas national security and has violated Chinese law. These are not accidental business mistakes, but lawbreaking offenses, commentary from the official Xinhua News Agency read, SCMP.The investigation into FedEx can help maintain order in the Chinese delivery industry, safeguard Chinese customers legitimate rights, and help to ensure the safety and economic security of Chinas national postal service, State Post Bureau head Ma Junsheng told CCTV at the time, SCMP reported.FedEx is also being investigated by Chinese authorities after a package containing a handgun was sent to a Chinese sporting-goods firm from the United States, according to an August 18 report from SCMP.Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected]Load-Date: September 25, 2019End of Document

Official Comments: TechNet Outlines Harm of Escalating U.S.-China Trade WarTargeted News ServiceSeptember 19, 2019 Thursday 10:17 PM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 2183 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyTechNet, a network of technology CEOs and senior executives that promotes the growth of the innovation economy, issued the following news release:* * *- TechNet's Official Comments for the U.S. Trade Representative's Request for Comments Concerning Proposed Modification of Action Pursuant to Section 301: China's Acts, Policies, and Practices Related to Technology Transfer, Intellectual Property, and Innovation* * *IntroductionTechNet welcomes this opportunity to share our industry's perspective as part of the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative's (USTR) ongoing Section 301 efforts regarding China's trade practices.Our diverse membership includes 82 dynamic American companies ranging from startups to the most iconic companies on the planet and represents over three million employees and countless customers in the fields of information technology, e-commerce, the sharing and gig economies, advanced energy, cybersecurity, venture capital, and finance.China Must Be Held Accountable For Its Trade PracticesWe believe that China must be held accountable for its anti-competitive practices -- including intellectual property theft, forced technology transfer, cyberattacks, and cyber espionage.It is why, early on during the current administration, TechNet was part of an international coalition of business groups pressing the Chinese government about concerns related to its Cybersecurity Law and their failure to comply with World Trade Organization (WTO) commitments. It is also an important reason we have partnered over the past year with the Senate Intelligence Committee, the U.S. intelligence community, and the Trump Administration on efforts to bolster public-private collaboration that increases awareness within the U.S. tech sector of the commercial threats companies doing business with China face.We share the Trump Administration's goal of securing lasting and enforceable changes from the Chinese government that will protect American innovators and their ideas, allow U.S. companies a chance to compete on a more level playing field, and improve market access.Tariffs, however, are not the solution. Over the past year, they have failed to secure meaningful commitments from China to change their trade practices, but they have inflicted harm on U.S. workers, consumers, and businesses of all sizes. Increasing tariffs from 25 percent to 30 percent for tranches one, two, and three would be a mistake.From the beginning of this administration, we have advocated for policies that unite the U.S. with other like-minded allies and partners facing the same challenges related to China. For example, instead of abandoning the Trans-Pacific Partnership, we should have ratified it in order to boost U.S. economic growth and job creation while also strengthening our ties in the Asia-Pacific region.TechNet has strongly opposed this policy of sweeping tariffs from the start. Instead of placing tariffs on our allies and trading partners around the world, the U.S. should be working with them to pressure China to change its trade practices. With U.S. leadership, such a coalition would no doubt be robust, focused, and determined in achieving this shared goal. It is still not too late for that.Tariffs Hurt American Consumers, Workers, Businesses, and InnovationIncreasing tariffs from 25 percent to 30 percent for tranches one, two, and three would keep moving us in the wrong direction.Tariffs are taxes that hurt all Americans -- consumers, workers, and businesses of all sizes. They slow the growth of our economy and weaken demand for American products at home and abroad. New data shows that the tariffs have already cost American consumers and businesses $30 billion from the time the trade war began through July 2019. Additionally, Yahoo Finance reported the following on September 10:"Forecasting firm Moody's Analytics estimates that Trump's trade war with China has already reduced U.S. employment by 300,000 jobs, compared with likely employment levels absent the trade war. That's a combination of jobs eliminated by firms struggling with tariffs and other elements of the trade war, and jobs that would have been created but haven't because of reduced economic activity. The firm's chief economist, Mark Zandi, told Yahoo Finance that the job toll from the trade war will hit about 450,000 by the end of the year, if there's no change in policy. By the end of 2020, the trade war will have killed 900,000 jobs, on its current course."In light of this concerning new information, our message is two-fold: do not hurt American consumers, workers, and businesses by moving forward with these tariff increases for lists one, two, and three. But also, take stock of the negative impact this entire policy has had to date and the further economic damage another escalation that further prolongs this trade war would inflict.First Three Waves of Tariffs Have Hurt U.S. Economy In Many WaysOver the past year, the U.S.-China trade war has led to higher prices for consumers on a wide range of products they have come to rely on, significantly disrupted supply chains and threatened long-term projects such as data centers, and shifted capital away from long-term investments in R&#38;D to help us seize the next wave of innovation.Hurting American CompetitivenessSelling to more markets and customers abroad drives economic growth and job creation in the U.S. tech sector. In fact, U.S. tech exports supported an estimated 858,000 American jobs in 2017. However, the tariffs increase the costs of making our products -- often increasing the price tag. Higher prices makes them more expensive -- and harder -- to sell abroad.American companies lead the world in the mobile phone and connected device industries. When companies in this space compete, it drives down prices for U.S. consumers, including lower-income Americans who can increasingly gain access to cutting edge mobile devices. Just as important, these products have become foundational technologies and critical productivity tools for a wide range of traditional industries -- agriculture, manufacturing, health care, and other key parts of our economy.Escalating the existing tariffs gives our competitors in Korea, China, and elsewhere a leg up -- raising prices for U.S. products while making it harder for companies across all sectors of our economy to leverage these innovative technologies.Competition abroad is fierce, but we know that the U.S. tech sector can compete with anyone on a fair and level playing field. However, fair and level is not what we have when our foreign competitors do not have to deal with these tariffs and can offer customers products similar to ours at lower prices.Networking products that comprise the modern-day infrastructure connecting us have also been hit hard, including modems; routers; switches; optical and fiber-optic transceivers; network interface cards, adapters, and modules; access points, remote access points, and antennas; and beacons. At a moment when we are engaged in a global 5G race, the tariffs are hitting the networking products that are needed for 5G's infrastructure.Hurting Long-Term Data Center Projects and Investments Across the U.S.Tariffs have also been incredibly disruptive to the construction of data centers, which are some of the most significant infrastructure investments being made by tech companies across the country today. In September 2018, TechNet's official comments on the list three tariffs highlighted the specific harm caused by tariffs on servers, transmission devices, and other key computing components that make up the digital infrastructure needed to build and operate data centers.Data centers are the lifeblood of an increasingly data-driven economy and can be found in every state. One study shows that, once operational, the average data center generates $32.5 million worth of local economic activity each year. During the construction phase, each data center generates nearly $10 million in revenue for state and local governments, while employing an average of 1,688 workers.Tariffs on essential data center components, such as servers and transmission devices, threaten to stall this engine of economic growth. They disrupt supply chains, increase costs through de facto taxes, and inject uncertainty into business operations and local economies that host data centers.Data centers are complicated supply chain projects that rely on the absolute certainty of receiving key components in a timely and cost-effective way. If critical pieces continue to be held up for delivery at a later date with higher, more unpredictable costs, companies would be incentivized to make investments and create jobs in other countries where such needless uncertainty does not exist.In essence, these tariffs not only hurt the American tech sector the administration is working to protect from China's unfair trade practices; they hurt many more workers across various sectors whose operations rely on cloud computing and data management tools.Hurting Small BusinessesTariffs also have a negative impact on small businesses that use online platforms to sell to customers around the world. Tariffs increase the costs of their inventory, and retaliatory tariffs hurt their ability to sell globally. In a recent survey, more than 40 percent of small business owners reported facing rising costs as a result of the ongoing U.S.-China trade war.Tariffs on these and many other types of products do not just hurt the tech sector. Because these items are essential in our increasingly connected world, these tariffs hurt all sectors and businesses of all sizes.Hurting Farmers and Other Sectors That Rely on TechnologyIt is clear that America's farmers are among the most negatively impacted by the tariff war between the U.S. and China. The Trump Administration should understand that in addition to the crops being targeted, higher tariffs on technology products that America's farmers increasingly use to manage water, detect diseases, and make better decisions are hurting them as well. This includes robots, sensors, cameras, fuel cells, and specialized batteries, as well as cloud computing and artificial intelligence applications.In addition to farms, technology products are being put to use each day to enhance communication, efficiency, and productivity -- in offices, factories, schools, hospitals, airports, and across all state government entities. Tariffs on these items serve as impediments to purchasing the latest and greatest technologies that enable them to work more efficiently.Hurting Long-Term Innovation and R&#38;D InvestmentsOne of the most concerning ways the ongoing trade war hurts the American technology industry and our nation's long-term economic competitiveness is how it impacts private investment in research and development (R&#38;D).R&#38;D is the lifeblood of innovation. Some of TechNet's member companies spend billions of dollars each year in R&#38;D to develop new products and enhance existing ones. Overall, the U.S. is currently the global leader in R&#38;D spending, investing more than $5 in R&#38;D for every $1 spent by Chinese companies -- according to a 2018 report from PriceWaterhouseCoopers.However, these tariffs have caused companies' operating costs go up which has led to tough decisions about competing priorities. One of the consequences of this sustained trade war is having less money to invest in R&#38;D. This will only be exacerbated by a further increase in tariffs for lists one, two, and three. The future of U.S. innovation depends in part on ensuring R&#38;D investments continue to grow in developing the next great American ideas and emerging technologies.When all is said and done, the impact of tariffs on R&#38;D investments may be the most damaging consequence of all. We do not know what kinds of technological breakthroughs we will cede to our international competitors by forfeiting investments in the next wave of innovation -- the very innovations we will need to maintain our technological edge over China and other competitors. And by the time we find out, it could be too late for us to catch up. R&#38;D investments not being made today will hurt our economy, our workers, and our global leadership role for years to come.ConclusionIn conclusion, this prolonged trade war is hurting American consumers, workers, and job creators across all sectors. China must be confronted about its unfair trade practices, but increasing tariffs will further harm the long-term health of the U.S. economy.We hope that upcoming negotiations between the U.S. and China will lead to real progress. In the meantime, TechNet, our members, and our partners across the business community will continue urging both the Chinese and U.S. governments to work strenuously to resolve this situation and end the tariffs. We urge the Trump Administration not to escalate this trade war by moving ahead with its proposed increase for lists one, two, and three.Thank you for this opportunity to provide our perspective.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6862861 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: September 20, 2019End of Document

Silver: China asked for Rockets GM Daryl Morey to be firedAssociated Press State & LocalOctober 18, 2019 Friday 1:24 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS NEWSLength: 686 wordsByline: By TIM REYNOLDS, AP Basketball WriterBodyNBA Commissioner Adam Silver said Chinese officials wanted Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey to be fired for his tweet supporting anti-government protesters in Hong Kong, and the league emphatically dismissed the request.Silver also said that the league is already feeling "substantial" financial losses because of the Chinese reaction to Morey's deleted tweet."Obviously, we made clear that we were being asked to fire him by the Chinese government, by the parties we dealt with, government and business," Silver said Thursday during an appearance at the Time 100 Health Summit in New York. "We said, 'There's no chance that's happening. There's no chance we'll even discipline him.'"Silver also said he isn't sure what will happen to the NBA's relationship with China, which has been growing steadily over the last three decades."I felt we had made enormous progress in terms of building cultural exchanges with the Chinese people," Silver said. "Again, I have regret that much of that was lost. And I'm not even sure where we'll go from here."The league and LeBron James, one of its biggest stars, have been heavily criticized by some U.S. lawmakers for the perception that they caved to the Chinese regime. Morey has not been rebuked publicly by the league, and Silver has said that the league will support his freedom of expression."We wanted to make an absolute clear statement that the values of the NBA, these American values - we are an American business - travel with us wherever we go, and one of those values is free expression," Silver said. "We wanted to make sure everyone understood we were supporting free expression."The Rockets were of massive interest in China, largely because of Yao Ming - the Chinese star who spent his entire NBA career in Houston. Yao is now the president of the Chinese Basketball Association, which has suspended its ties to the Rockets because of the tweet.Morey has not commented publicly since a pair of tweets on Oct. 6 attempting to clarify his position."I understand there is a point of view from some that we shouldn't be in business at all in China, and I'd say from an intellectual standpoint, that's fair - not getting into whether the tweet or the response to it," Silver said. "But if people believe that we shouldn't be engaged in commerce in China or frankly in other places in the world ... I, at some point, look to the American government."We're in the middle of negotiating a trade agreement," Silver continued. "Many multinational corporations do trade extensively with China. And if that's ultimately how our government feels we should be dealing with China, again, we are a U.S. company."Chinese state broadcaster CCTV did not air the two NBA preseason games between the Los Angeles Lakers and Brooklyn Nets last week. Tencent, which has a $1.5 billion deal to stream NBA games in China over the next five years, has also stopped showing Rockets games but has not totally dropped all NBA content."The losses have already been substantial," Silver said. "Our games are not back on the air in China, as we speak, and we'll see what happens next."Silver was at the summit to discuss the league's deeper commitment to ensuring players and employees are taking care of their mental health, something that has been a growing topic in the NBA in recent years - particularly with the acknowledgment of top players like San Antonio's DeMar DeRozan and Cleveland's Kevin Love that they struggle with certain issues.Silver also addressed how social media can make matters more difficult for those who engage."Social media, it seems pretty clear, is raising the anxiety level and stress level among our young people," Silver said. "There's a lot of hate speech out there. There's stress to be included, there's emotional issues about being left out of groups. And then compound that with NBA players when there's in some cases millions and millions of seemingly anonymous people taking shots at them. And while the advice often is 'just don't read it,' it's awfully hard."___More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA and            https://twitter.com/AP_SportsLoad-Date: October 18, 2019End of Document

USCIRF URGES CONGRESS TO PASS TIBETAN POLICY AND SUPPORT ACT, WELCOMES RECENT MEASURES TO PROTECT RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IN CHINAStates News ServiceOctober 10, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 521 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, D.C. BodyThe following information was released by the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom:The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) today welcomed the recent introduction of the Tibetan Policy and Support Act of 2019 (H.R.4331 / S.2539) and urges Congress to swiftly pass it. If enacted, the bill would impose sanctions and a visa ban on any Chinese official who interferes in the selection of a successor to His Holiness the Dalai Lama. In addition, the bill would require the Secretary of State to seek to establish a consulate in Lhasa."Without the right to choose their leaders, religious communities in China essentially have no freedom," said USCIRF Commissioner Gary Bauer. "This bill sends a strong signal that the United States supports the role of Tibetan Buddhist religious leaders in selecting the next Dalai Lama and views any interference by the Chinese government as a religious freedom violation.""USCIRF thanks Senator Rubio and Representative McGovern, as well as the bipartisan group of members of Congress who have already cosponsored the bill, for their leadership in protecting religious freedom in Tibet," added Commissioner Tenzin Dorjee. "I also welcome the recent passage of a resolution by Tibetan representatives at the Third Special General Meeting in India on His Holiness the Dalai Lama's next reincarnation. We have watched with alarm as the Chinese government increases its stranglehold not only over Tibetan Buddhists, but also over Uighur Muslims, Christians, Falun Gong practitioners and other religious communities throughout the country."USCIRF also welcomed the U.S. Department of Commerce's decision this week to ban the export of certain technological components to 28 Chinese companies and organizations implicated in the mass interment of Uighur Muslims, as well as the U.S. Department of State's announcement of visa restrictions on Chinese officials responsible for those abuses. In September 2019, USCIRF released a report documenting how the Chinese government uses surveillance cameras, biometric technology and artificial intelligence to monitor and harass Tibetan Buddhists and Uighur Muslims.In its 2019 Annual Report, USCIRF called upon the administration to use its authority under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act and International Religious Freedom Act to enact targeted sanctions against Chinese officials responsible for severe religious freedom violations, especially Chen Quanguo, the current Communist Party Secretary of Xinjiang and former Secretary for Tibet until 2016.###The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) is an independent, bipartisan federal government entity established by the U.S. Congress to monitor, analyze and report on threats to religious freedom abroad. USCIRF makes foreign policy recommendations to the President, the Secretary of State and Congress intended to deter religious persecution and promote freedom of religion and belief. To interview a Commissioner, please contact USCIRF at Media@USCIRF.gov or Dwight Bashir at dbashir@uscirf.gov or +1-703-898-6554.Load-Date: October 11, 2019End of Document

Philippines arrests 277 Chinese accused of investment scamAssociated Press InternationalSeptember 13, 2019 Friday 8:13 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 352 wordsByline: By JIM GOMEZ, Associated PressDateline: MANILA, Philippines BodyMANILA, Philippines (AP) - Philippine immigration agents have arrested 277 Chinese in a raid against an online investment scam syndicate that defrauded hundreds of people, officials said Friday.The arrests Wednesday in the Ortigas financial district in Pasig city in the Manila metropolis came after the Chinese Embassy provided information about the fraud, which has victimized more than 1,000 Chinese, Immigration Commissioner Jaime Morente said.Morente said he initially ordered the arrest of four Chinese but authorities caught 273 other suspects "in the act of conducting illegal online operations."The Chinese government cancelled the passports of those arrested, making them illegal workers in the Philippines. They would be charged and detained in an immigration jail prior to deportation, the immigration bureau said."Their presence in the country is a risk to public security," Morente said. "These fugitives will be hunted, deported, and will be blacklisted, effectively banning them from reentering the country."China has been cracking down on crimes by its citizens in Asian countries, including in the Philippines, where tens of thousands of Chinese nationals have traveled to work in online gambling outfits, which are illegal in China.Last month, the Chinese Embassy said many Chinese have been illegally recruited to work in the gambling industry in the Philippines, often without work permits. The online gambling and gaming outfits cater to mostly Chinese clients in mainland China.The embassy said Chinese money was flowing illegally into the Philippines involving crimes such as money laundering and that many Chinese recruited to work in online gambling outfits were mistreated, with their passports seized, confinement and physical abuse.The Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation has stopped issuing licenses to offshore gambling outfits while contracts and security and legal issues are reviewed. The gambling regulator said the Philippine government has collected nearly 12 billion pesos ($235 million) in revenues from those gaming and gambling outfits from 2016 to last year alone.Load-Date: September 14, 2019End of Document

Jim Cramer: American Companies Winning in China Are IndispensableRealMoneyOctober 24, 2019 Thursday 7:01 PM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 717 wordsByline: Jim CramerHighlight: Hire a lot of people, work with the Chinese government, and play by the rules.BodyHere's a wild one. We all know that are relations with China are in rapid deterioration. Why not? Our president wants it that way. I believe our understated goal is to have the Chinese make an agreement, one they can't live up to, but one that gives our companies more chances to get out of China. As China, once again, buys nothing, you suspect that President Trump will accelerate tariffs in order to look like he hasn't been had. This was the way of the Argentinian talks, it's the way of the Washington talks. The soft-liners make their gains, think Secretary Mnuchin and Chief Economic Advisory Larry Kudlow, then the Chinese disappoint and then the hardest liner, Peter Navarro, tells the president "I told you so." The president actually doesn't mind the face off. It's kind of like The Apprentice, with the Mnuchin-Kudlow team going down the elevator while the Navarro team wins and all during the contest, the president can prove the intransigence of the talks, the futility of the talks, causing the ratings to surge and the votes to pile up all the while forcing the hands of the Hasbros  and the Restoration Hardwares  to source away from China.But the story's not all that negative. We are discovering that there are some real winners in China, American companies that have, somehow worked their way into the heart of Chinese commerce even as the gates to China seem to close more quickly every day.Who is winning in China, who is proving indispensable?Last night we had several companies that saw a tremendous improvement in Chinese business, a surge even, and it is worth noting how it has been done.Let's start with PayPal  . In a tour de force quarter, CEO Dan Schulman shocked the analyst community with how he was able to conquer the world's largest and fastest growing financial market by buying 70% of GoPay which has licenses for on-line and mobile transactions and industrial e-commerce, back in September."So first of all, obviously, it's incredibly meaningful event to be the first non-Chinese company to obtain a payments license to process domestic online payments in China," he noted. "It's a tangible example of China opening its financial market. We have been working this diligently for years. When I say diligent, I mean literally almost every single day and and have calls and have been working this. And, we worked quite closely with the PBOC, with other authorities inside of China. We worked with the administration here to enable all this to happen." The secrets to cracking China gleaned from the PayPal call? One, work closely with the regulators; two, invest quite heavily in compliance and risk management; three, be a strong collaborator with the financial system rather than disrupt it or go around it; four, be innovative but within the existing structure; and five, offer a differentiated value proposition to both Chinese merchants and consumers by working closely with existing Chinese financial institutions. Dan had to do it because China is the world's largest e-commerce market with 500 million online shoppers with $2 trillion of online sales, more than 50% of the global online retail market. That's a heck of a lot better than working with a declining eBay  business.To sum it up, you can make it but play by the rules.We saw a similar event at Tesla  last night where Tesla revealed that it built a new Gigafactory in China in 10 months, clearly with the support of the government. Source there, build there, hire and it can all come together.Lam Research  , the giant semiconductor equipment company, saw a nice expansion in China. As CFO Doug Bettinger said on last night's call: "The China region quarterly performance was higher than the historical average." They are a must buy in China to make equipment that is used for 5G.What's the key here to work in this contentious environment from these examples? Simple: hire a lot of people, work with the government, play by the rules, and be indispensable when it comes to making new, proprietary technology.I wish there were more ways. I wish it was about China buying Boeing  planes or soybeans. But those are working. Maybe they won't with this president. Or maybe they won't work at all.(Lam Research is a holding in Jim Cramer's  . Want to be alerted before Jim Cramer buys or sells LRCX?   )Load-Date: October 25, 2019End of Document

World shares mostly dip as China, US to resume trade talksAssociated Press Financial WireOctober 10, 2019 Thursday 11:56 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWS; Financial MarketsLength: 536 wordsByline: By YURI KAGEYAMA, AP Business WriterDateline: TOKYO BodyTOKYO (AP) - World stock markets were mostly lower on Thursday as investors looked ahead to the re-opening of trade talks between the U.S. and China.Markets have grown increasingly jittery in recent days over the talks as conflicting rumors swirled and rifts surfaced between the Chinese government and private American enterprises, such as the NBA and Apple Inc.Investors have drawn some encouragement from reports that Beijing is open to a partial deal. But a report by the Hong Kong newspaper South China Morning Post saying that preliminary talks for the meetings did not go well doused some of that enthusiasm.Germany's DAX fell 0.1% in midday trading to 12,086. In France, the CAC 40 picked up 0.2% to 5,510 while Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.1% to 7,158.Wall Street looked set for losses at the open, with the future contracts for the Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 both off about 0.2%.In Asia, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 0.5% to finish at 21,551.98. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was flat at 6,547.10, while South Korea's Kospi lost 0.9% to 2,028.15. India's Sensex skidded 0.7% to 37,890.59.Hong Kong's Hang Seng picked up 0.1% to 25,702.91, while the Shanghai Composite rose 0.8% to 25,702.91."Updates on U.S.-China trade keep their grip on markets as we await the commencement of trade talks going into Thursday," says Jingyi Pan, market strategist at IG in Singapore.The trade war between the U.S. and China has dragged on for 15 months, inflicting economic damage on both countries. The two sides have raised import duties on billions of dollars of each other's goods, fueling fears their dispute might tip the global economy into recession.Washington and Beijing had held off from further escalating the conflict until this week, when the U.S. blacklisted a group of Chinese technology companies over alleged human rights violations.All told, the Trump administration has imposed tariffs on more than $360 billion worth of Chinese goods and plans to tax an additional $160 billion of imports on Dec. 15. This would extend U.S. tariffs to just about everything China ships to the United States. China has counterpunched by taxing $120 billion in U.S. exports, notably soybeans and other farm goods.Further complicating matters, Chinese authorities became incensed by a tweet posted last week by Daryl Morey, the general manager of the NBA's Houston Rockets. Morey's tweet expressing support for anti-government protesters in Hong Kong has since been taken down, but Chinese officials canceled news conferences scheduled around Thursday's preseason game between the Los Angeles Lakers and Brooklyn Nets in Shanghai.Apple, meanwhile, gave in to pressure from the Chinese government to drop an app showing police movements around the protests in Hong Kong. Apple removed the smartphone app from its online store Thursday.ENERGY: Benchmark crude oil gained 9 cents to $52.68 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It fell 4 cents to $52.59 a barrel Wednesday. Brent crude oil, the international standard, rose 7 cents to $58.39 a barrel.CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped slightly to 107.42 Japanese yen from 107.46 yen. The euro rose to $1.1024 from $1.0989 on Wednesday.Load-Date: October 11, 2019End of Document

If trade war drags on, China will lose more: USCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 4, 2019 WednesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 336 wordsBodyU.S. President Donald Trump said China will grant more concessions to the United States if that Asian country intentionally delays the signing of an agreement to end the trade war between the two powers.Trump said on Tuesday that U.S. negotiations with China were advancing, but he threatened to be tougher on his calls for a pact if the Chinese government lengthens the trade war with the aim of weighing the possibility of whether or not he will succeed leave for a second term."Think about what will happen to China when it wins," Trump said via Twitter. "The deal would be a lot tougher!""We are doing very well in our negotiations with China," he said without further details, adding that he is sure that China would "love to negotiate with a new administration."Trump is preparing to compete for the second time in the U.S. presidential election, which will be held on November 3, 2020.To pressure China to change its economic practices, the United States imposed tariffs on approximately half of its imports originating from China, and began charging tariffs on additional imports on September 1, 2019, and, for program as of December 15, 2019.U.S. tariffs and China's retaliatory tariffs have reordered global supply chains and particularly affected U.S. farmers and manufacturers, as well as Chinese exporters. After 12 rounds of negotiations, the dispute has not been resolved.Meanwhile, Chinese Deputy Prime Minister Liu He said on Tuesday, ahead of Trump's announcement, that the Chinese government vehemently opposes the trade war.On September 1, President Trump's administration began collecting 15% of tariffs on Chinese imports worth more than $125 billion, including smart speakers, Bluetooth headphones, and many types of footwear.Earlier, Trump announced that the U.S. will raise tariffs on Chinese imports worth $250 billion from $25 to 30 percent from October 1. As of August 23, China anticipated that it would apply additional retaliatory tariffs on $75 billion in U.S. products.[email protected]Load-Date: September 5, 2019End of Document

GIVE CHINA A CHANCE TO IMPROVE AMERICA'S TRANSIT SYSTEMStates News ServiceOctober 31, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 874 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the Center for the National Interest (former the Nixon Center):In today's day and age, we have no shortage of things to fear. Chinese hackers bugging buses or taking control of rail cars is not one of them.Yet a provision in this year's National Defense Authorization Act would ban the use of federal mass transit funds for the purchase of any rail cars and buses that come from manufacturers owned or subsidized by the Chinese government. Proponents of the ban argue that if it's made by a Chinese company, it's hackable, and therefore poses a threat to national security. As Rep. Harley Rouda (D-CA) has said, "Mak[ing] sure we have viable rail and bus industries," and that we protect our public transportation systems "from spying and sabotage," is "in the national interest."In the last couple of months, the ban has gained support from the White House, and versions of the proposal have passed both the Senate and the House. Yet this approach would be a massive overreaction to something that is not likely to happen. If passed, then it would harm public transportation agencies in major cities across the United States.The ban targets two companies in particular: BYD and the China Railway Rolling Stock Corp. BYD is a publicly-traded company that produces electric buses for some of the nation's largest transit agenciesincluding the Los Angeles Metro. Despite being Chinese-owned, 60 percent of BYD's stocks are owned by U.S. investors. CRRC is the world's biggest railcar manufacturer. It has contracts to build railcars for cities including Boston, Philadelphia, Los Angeles and Chicago. It was awarded these contracts through competitive bidding processes, beating out other foreign rolling stock manufacturers.Since no domestic companies make train cars, the ban could eliminate hundreds of jobs at the factories that these companies have set up in the United States. It would also severely limit the options of transit agencies and could raise the price of production across the country.But more to the point: The fears of Chinese-built railcars are dramatically overblown. The threat is real but hacking into or launching a cyberattack on transit vehicles is not the onlyor even the easiestway to create a security vulnerability in our nation's transportation systems. After all, staff members are still using removable hard drives on transit agency computers and still failing to install security updates regularly.The proposal also raises questions about the value of any data a railcar or bus might have to a hacker. Setting aside the possibility of Chinese intelligence officials having a laugh about how infrequently we run our buses or how often our trains break down (or catch fire), there is simply no national security threat inherent to the Chinese government knowing whether your bus is going to be late. And if foreign officials really cared about this information, then they could find it through public data anyway. In short, the likelihood of foreign hackers gathering priceless intelligence by monitoring the daily commute of thousands of people slogging to and from work every day is minimal.As manufacturers of transit vehicles, Chinese companies already know how what they made works; they don't need to use cars or buses to spy on our transit networks. And even if we did ban these rail cars and buses, bad actors could always find a way into the systemno matter who manufactured the vehicles used.Instead of caving to the knee-jerk impulse to ban Chinese-made rail cars and buses, we should consider the risk of using foreign-made products in our American transit systems on a cost-benefit spectrum. In some situations, even the slightest risk to national security or cybersecurity is not acceptable. But in other situations, such as that foreign-made rail cars and buses, the risks to our nation's security are outweighed by the cost of complete prohibition. In the case of transit vehicles, the costs are also compounded by the fact that the financial burden of increased security is borne entirely by taxpayers.But what if a train or bus is taken over, causing some kind of derailment or another incident? Here, an answer already exists: The American National Transportation Safety Board would be on the case, with the resources to figure out what caused any crash that might occur and reveal who is to blame. If the threat is substantial enough, then spot inspections like the ones used to ensure general railcar workmanship could also catch any adulterated cars before something goes wrong.We can never guarantee 100 percent safety, no matter who supplies our railcars and buses. But forcing American transit agencies to spend more taxpayer dollars on cars built by non-Chinese manufacturers is a solution in search of a problem. The threat is limited, and a purchase ban would do nothing to mitigate what little danger remains. It's time to stop worrying and start enjoying the money we save on new trains.Ann Phelan is Associate Director of Communications at the R Street Institute. Previously, she worked as a communications manager for the Eno Center for Transportation.Nick Zaiac is a Transportation and Infrastructure Policy Fellow at the R Street InstituteLoad-Date: November 1, 2019End of Document

Pence Criticizes China's Actions Regarding Hong Kong, Slams Nike And NBAThe FrontrunnerOctober 25, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Bulletin News Network, Inc.Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWSLength: 457 wordsBodyReuters (10/24, Alper, Spetalnick) reports Vice President Pence "accused China of curtailing 'rights and liberties' in Hong Kong" in a Thursday speech on US China policy at the Wilson Center. Pence said, "Hong Kong is a living example of what can happen when China embraces liberty. And yet, for the last few years, Beijing has increased its interventions in Hong Kong and engaged in actions that curtail the rights and liberties that Hong Kong's people were guaranteed through a binding international agreement."CQ Roll Call (10/24, Bennett, 154K) says the Vice President "credited President Donald Trump with altering US-China relations 'forever,' saying the decades during which 'we rebuilt China?are over.'" The New York Times (10/24, Wong, 18.61M) reports Pence "went on to say that the Trump administration sought to engage with China on candid terms and did not want a 'decoupling' of the economies."The Washington Times (10/24, Howell, 492K) reports Pence also "waded into the fervor over the NBA's retreat in the face of Chinese anger over a pro-Hong Kong tweet by a member of the Houston Rockets' front office," and the AP (10/24, Riechmann) says he "took a swipe at Nike and the NBA," singling out "the shoe company for removing Houston Rockets merchandise from stores in China after the team's general manager angered the Chinese government with a tweet supporting protesters in Hong Kong. He said the NBA was acting like a 'wholly owned subsidiary of the authoritarian regime' for failing to stand up to the government's criticism of Rockets General Manager Daryl Morey."Senators Call For Intelligence Probe Into Chinese-Owned App TikTok.Reuters (10/24, Culliford) reports Senate Minority Leader Schumer and Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) on Wednesday asked intelligence officials to investigate whether the popular Chinese-owned app TikTok poses national security risks. In a letter to Acting DNI Macguire, the senators "raised concerns about the video-sharing platform's collection of user data and whether China censors content seen by US users." The letter "also suggested TikTok could be targeted by foreign influence campaigns." NBC Nightly News (10/24, story 7, 1:40, Holt, 5.63M) showed Schumer saying: "There are 110 million Americans who have information with TikToc, and the Chinese government could be grabbing every one of them."The Washington Examiner (10/24, Quinn, 448K) says Schumer and Cotton "aren't the only two lawmakers urging the Trump administration to take a closer look at TikTok." Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) requested this month the Treasury Department's Committee on Foreign Investment in the US "review the national security implications of TikTok's acquisition of Musical.ly and purported censorship of content."Load-Date: October 25, 2019End of Document

Apple withdraws controversial Hong Kong city transport app after China warningCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 10, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 612 wordsBodyThe American Apple on Thursday withdrew an urban transport app that allowed Hong Kongers to locate the cops on a map,after the Chinese press accused him of supporting the pro-democracy movement in the city, announced the developer of the app.The U.S. company withdrew HKmap.live at the request of Chinese authorities,while other well-known brands, such as the NBA and its Houston Rockets team, are in Beijing's crosshairs for allegedly supporting the protesters of the former British colony.Chinese state media criticized the app this week, which reports on the location of police officers thanks to the collaboration of users, claiming that it helped "agitators".The People's Daily said that by hosting the app, Apple was "mixing business and politics, and even illegal acts."On Thursday, the app was no longer available on Apple's App Store in Hong Kong."We checked with the Hong Kong Cybersecurity Office and combating technological crime that the app had been used to target the police," Apple said in a statement, posted on the HKmap.live Telegram channel, which has more than 70,000 Subscribers."It was used by criminals to harm people in areas where they knew there were no law enforcement," he added.The developers of HKmap.live denied that their app encouraged any criminal activity,and claimed that Apple's decision constituted an act of "censorship" and a "clearly political decision to diminish freedom."The versions of HKmap.live for Android were available for download on Thursday.'People are scared'The former British colony has been the scene for four months of a political crisis unprecedented since its recession to China in 1997, with near-daily demonstrations to claim greater freedoms and denounce China's growing interference in the affairs of the region, semi-autonomous.Hong Kongers complained about Apple's decision on social media."Alot of people are scared by the police use of tear gas and rubber bullets,so they use the app and circle out uncontrolled police thugs," pro-democracy lawmaker Charles Mok wrote on Facebook."Does Apple know that it has the function of protecting people's safety?" he added.Apple made this decision after this week removed the Taiwan flag emoticon from its iOS 13 operating system for Hong Kong and Macau users. However, the emoticon is still available on phones with Apple accounts established in other jurisdictions.Business news organization Quartz said its mobile app had been removed from the Chinese version of the Apple App Store following chinese government complaints.According to Quartz's the portal The Verge, the organization believes the ban was due to coverage of the protests. In addition, he said, Apple sent him a notification explaining that his mobile app "includes illegal content in China."Other international companies and brands have recently been affected by similar warnings from the Chinese government, which does not tolerate attitudes contrary to those dictated by the Communist Party on sensitive issues such as Hong Kong or Xinjiang.This week, the public broadcaster CCTV annulled the broadcast of NBA games after the leader of theTexan Team Houston Rockets, Daryl Morey, expressed support for Hong Kong protesters in a tweet. Several Chinese sponsors also slamd ties with the NBA.American jewelry company Tiffany &Co;. he had to withdraw an advertisement that Chinese consumers interpreted as covert support for Hong Kong protesters.For its part, shoe manufacturer Vans removed two entries from an online design contest featuring images of protests.The Apple entry withdrew controversial urban transportation app in Hong Kong following warning from China was first published in The Third.Load-Date: October 11, 2019End of Document

CHINA USES HIGH-TECH TO MONITOR UYGHURS IN XINJIANG, RELIGIOUS FREEDOMS GROUP SAYSStates News ServiceSeptember 16, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 603 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:High-tech surveillance systems set up in China in the name of preventing extremism and crime are also targeting religious groups and houses of worship, especially in northwestern China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (XUAR), a U.S. bipartisan commission said in a report released on Monday.Cameras now closely monitor attendance at mosques in Xinjiang, leaving many ethnic Uyghurs afraid to attend prayer services, the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) said in its Sept. 2019 report, Religious Freedom in China's High-Tech Surveillance State.As many as 967 mosques in one southern Xinjiang county alone are now held under constant watch, USCIRF said.Facial recognition systems programmed to distinguish skin tone and face shapes have also been deployed throughout the region, with Chinese police even outside Xinjiang starting to use the technology "to identify and target" Uyghurs, USCIRF said.DNA samples and other biometric data including fingerprints, voice recordings, and blood samples are also taken from Xinjiang residents ages 12 to 65, with data collected both in police stations and in the vast network of reeducation camps in which as many as two million Uyghurs are believed to have been held, USCIRF said."Authorities have sometimes employed coercion to obtain DNA samples," the religious freedoms group said.Mobile phones, too, are fitted with required software that record data on the users' movements and communications and reveal content to Chinese authorities, USCIRF said."In major urban areas, police use checkpointserected every few hundred yardsto scan phones, interrogate commuters, and conduct other security checks," with 36 categories of persons singled out for particular scrutiny.These include persons preaching Islam without permission, following banned religious teachers, or raising funds for mosques, USCIRF said.One app, called Fengcai, allows Chinese guards to check the phone content of travelers entering from countries bordering Xinjiang, with a list of items to be watched for including audio recordings of recitations from the Quran and other expressions of "mainstream and nonviolent religious practice," USCIRF said.Companies support surveillanceChinese technology companies providing support to surveillance in Xinjiang include Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology Co., CloudWalk, and SenseNets Technology Ltd., which tracks the daily movements of more than 2.5 million people in Xinjiang, according to the report.Another company, iFlytek Co., has worked with China's Ministry of Public Security to build a national voice-pattern database able "to handle minority languages," the report said.Following public criticism by Congress and human rights groups, a U.S. lab equipment company, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., has meanwhile ended its sales of DNA sequencing equipment to authorities in Xinjiang.Though much of China's structure of surveillance is now automated, the system still uses "significant manpower to collect and review data," USCIRF said, adding that more than a million officials have been assigned by Xinjiang's regional government to watch and question Uyghur residents."[But] the Chinese government's violations of religious freedom are unique because of the extent to which it has relied upon advanced digital and biometric technologies to effectively create a surveillance state," USCIRF said."In taking this sweeping approach to surveillance, the Chinese government is effectively treating religion itselfas well as religious followersas a potential security threat."Load-Date: September 17, 2019End of Document

WHO'S AFRAID OF HUAWEI? UNDERSTANDING THE 5G SECURITY CONCERNSStates News ServiceSeptember 9, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 968 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: LONDON BodyThe following information was released by Chatham House:Emily Taylor examines the controversy around the Chinese tech giant's mobile broadband equipment and the different approaches taken by Western countries.As countries move towards the fifth generation of mobile broadband, 5G, the United States has been loudly calling out Huawei as a security threat. It has employed alarmist rhetoric and threatened to limit trade and intelligence sharing with close allies that use Huawei in their 5G infrastructure.While some countries such as Australia have adopted a hard line against Huawei, others like the UK have been more circumspect, arguing that the risks of using the firm's technology can be mitigated without forgoing the benefits.So, who is right, and why have these close allies taken such different approaches?The risksLong-standing concerns relating to Huawei are plausible. There are credible allegations that it has benefitted from stolen intellectual property, and that it could not thrive without a close relationship with the Chinese state.Huawei hotly denies allegations that users are at risk of its technology being used for state espionage, and says it would resist any order to share information with the Chinese government. But there are questions over whether it could really resist China's stringent domestic legislation, which compels companies to share data with the government. And given China's track record of using cyberattacks to conduct intellectual property theft, there may be added risks of embedding a Chinese provider into critical communications infrastructure.In addition, China's rise as a global technological superpower has been boosted by the flow of financial capital through government subsidies, venture and private equity, which reveal murky boundaries between the state and private sector for domestic darlings. Meanwhile, the Belt and Road initiative has seen generous investment by China in technology infrastructure across Africa, South America and Asia.There's no such thing as a free lunch or a free network as Sri Lanka discovered when China assumed shares in a strategic port in return for debt forgiveness; or Mexico when a 1% interest loan for its 4G network came on the condition that 80% of the funding was spent with Huawei.Aside from intelligence and geopolitical concerns, the quality of Huawei's products represents a significant cyber risk, one that has received less attention than it deserves.On top of that, 5G by itself will significantly increase the threat landscape from a cybersecurity perspective. The network layer will be more intelligent and adaptable through the use of software and cloud services. The number of network antennae will increase by a factor of 20, and many will be poorly secured 'things'; there is no need for a backdoor if you have any number of 'bug doors'.Finally, the US is threatening to limit intelligence sharing with its closest allies if they adopt Huawei. So why would any country even consider using Huawei in their 5G infrastructure?Different situationsThe truth is that not every country is free to manoeuvre; 5G technology will sit on top of existing mobile infrastructure.Australia and the US can afford to take a hard line: their national infrastructure has been largely Huawei-free since 2012. However, the Chinese firm is deeply embedded in other countries' existing structures for example, in the UK, Huawei has provided telecommunications infrastructure since 2005. Even if the UK decided tomorrow to ditch Huawei, it cannot just rip up existing 4G infrastructure. To do so would cost a fortune, risk years of delay in the adoption of 5G and limit competition in 5G provisioning.As a result, the UK has adopted a pragmatic approach resulting from years of oversight and analysis of Huawei equipment, during which it has never found evidence of malicious Chinese state cyber activity through Huawei.At the heart of this process is the Huawei Cyber Security Evaluation Centre, which was founded in 2010 as a confidence-building measure. Originally criticized for 'effectively policing itself', as it was run and staffed entirely by Huawei, the governance has now been strengthened, with the National Cyber Security Centre chairing its oversight board.The board's 2019 report makes grim reading, highlighting 'serious and system defects in Huawei's software engineering and cyber security competence'. But it does not accuse the company of serving as a platform for state-sponsored surveillance.Similar evidence-based policy approaches are emerging in other countries like Norway and Italy. They offer flexibility for governments, for example by limiting access to some contract competition through legitimate and transparent means, such as security reviews during procurement. The approaches also raise security concerns (both national and cyber) to a primary issue when awarding contracts something that was not always done in the past, when price was the key driver.The UK is also stressing the need to manage risk and increase vendor diversity in the ecosystem to avoid single points of failure. A further approach that is beginning to emerge is to draw a line between network 'core' and 'periphery' components, excluding some providers from the more sensitive 'core'. The limited rollouts of 5G in the UK so far have adopted multi-provider strategies, and only one has reportedly not included Huawei kit.Managing the risks to cyber security and national security will become more complex in a 5G environment. In global supply chains, bans based on the nationality of the provider offer little assurance. For countries that have already committed to Huawei in the past, and who may not wish to be drawn into an outright trade war with China, these moderate approaches offer a potential way forward.Load-Date: September 9, 2019End of Document

Trump administration blacklists Chinese firms linked to surveillance of Uighur minorityPolitico.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 9:01 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 466 wordsByline: dpalmer@politico.com,  (Doug Palmer)Highlight: The order bans U.S. companies from exporting high-tech equipment to the Chinese firms.BodyThe Trump administration on Monday blacklisted eight Chinese companies whose products are used in the surveillance of Uighur Muslims in Western China.The order bans U.S. companies from exporting high-tech equipment to the Chinese firms.The Commerce Department also put 20 Chinese government agencies on its "entities list," including the People's Government Public Security Bureau in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, 18 subordinate municipal and county public security bureaus and one other subordinate institute."Specifically, these entities have been implicated in human rights violations and abuses in the implementation of China's campaign of repression, mass arbitrary detention, and high-technology surveillance against Uighurs, Kazakhs, and other members of Muslim minority groups in the XUAR," the Commerce Department notice said.The eight firms include Dahua Technology; Hikvision; IFLYTEK; Megvii Technology; Sense Time; Xiamen Meiya Pico Information Co. Ltd.; Yitu Technologies; and Yixin Science and Technology Co. Ltd, according to a Commerce Department notice posted on the Federal Register website.The ruling Chinese Communist Party has placed more than 1 million Uighur Muslims in internment camps, according to the United Nations.The move, which has been under consideration for months, may appease some Republicans who criticized President Donald Trump of appearing soft on the authoritarian actions of China.It also comes as the United States is preparing to host Chinese Vice Premier Liu He on Thursday and Friday for high-level trade talks aimed at unraveling tariffs the two sides have imposed on hundreds of billions of dollars of each other's goods over the past year.In comments to the media, Trump indicated Monday that he didn't want a partial deal with China but hinted that trade talks this week could result in something "very substantial.""I would much prefer a big deal and I think that's what we're shooting for," Trump said during a White House event to formally sign a Japanese trade deal. "Can something happen? I guess, maybe, but it's unlikely."Liu and other senior Chinese officials will meet with U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Thursday and Friday for what will be the 13th round of talks."They want to make a deal," Trump said of Beijing. The U.S. is set to escalate tariffs on roughly $250 billion worth of imports on Oct. 15.Trump also again denied that he told Chinese President Xi Jinping that he would stay quiet on the unrest in Hong Kong during the ongoing trade talks with Beijing."I think if anything bad happened that would be a very bad thing for the negotiations," he said, adding that he wants a "humane solution" to the unrest there.Article originally published on POLITICO MagazineLoad-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

Rep. Zeldin Urges Treasury to Launch Investigation of Chinese-Owned TikTokTargeted News ServiceOctober 25, 2019 Friday 8:33 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 955 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyRep. Lee Zeldin, R-New York, issued the following news release:Today, Congressman Lee Zeldin (R, NY-1), Ranking Member of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, urged the U.S. Department of the Treasury to investigate Chinese-owned TikTok's reported willingness and obligation to censor content and limit free speech in accordance with the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), especially considering its parent company's, ByteDance, recent acquisition of Musical.ly."As a result, an increasing number of Americans are now consuming media that has been scrubbed and sorted by the CCP," Congressman Zeldin wrote. "In addition, TikTok is amassing large amounts of data and information about American citizens that could be used for improper purposes. TikTok's user base primarily consists of young Americans, heightening the risk of malign influence. Of particular concern, allowing a company controlled by the CCP to operate a social media platform in the United States, acquire U.S. citizens' data, manipulate young Americans' media environment, and avoid transparency regarding their censorship practices creates an unacceptable risk of future electoral manipulation."A signed PDF of the letter is available here (https://zeldin.house.gov/sites/zeldin.house.gov/files/10.24.19_FINAL%20Letter%20to%20Treasury%20re%20China%20Tiktok.pdf).Full text of the letter is as follows:Dear Secretary Mnuchin,I am writing to express my deep concern about the Chinese social media platform, TikTok. Recent reports indicate TikTok's willingness and obligation to censor content and limit free speech pursuant to the political and foreign policy objectives of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). Moreover, TikTok's accumulation of American citizens' data through its acquisition of Musical.ly and its relaunch in the U.S. market suggests that the CCP may be surreptitiously and negatively influencing American civil society.The CCP has significant authority over social media sites and applications that is resulting in influence operations and political interference. Chinese companies are required by law to regulate online behavior that deviates from the political goals of the CCP, obey the CCP's censorship directives, and participate in China's espionage. These policies regulate companies like TikTok in China and, increasingly, their overseas business.Media have reported on TikTok's moderation guidelines that allow content to be deleted or have its distribution limited for a variety of reasons, including for being perceived as "sensitive" by the CCP. For example, the pro-democracy movement in Hong Kong is a top news story that generates thousands of search results on other social media platforms, but remains noticeably absent from TikTok. These reports capture a chilling reality that a foreign government--one ruled by an authoritarian communist party--can use a private company to extend its censorship regime into free societies.In addition to policy structures that require censorship and limit free speech, Chinese technology and social media companies are also under the implicit and explicit control of the Chinese government and CCP. ByteDance, the owner of TikTok, is no exception. In April 2018, ByteDance CEO, Zhang Yiming, issued a self-confession for alleged content violations by its platform, Jinri Toutiao. In a public letter, Mr. Zhang apologized for his failure to respect "socialist core values" and says his company will cooperate with, distribute, and amplify the voice of "authoritative media"--i.e. CCP propaganda. Such a public confession and vow to align with the CCP censorship apparatus raises salient concerns for how he and his leadership manage the domestic and international operation of TikTok.TikTok's rising popularity in the United States is increasing the vectors for CCP influence in American civil society. When ByteDance acquired Musical.ly, it reportedly migrated all Musical.ly's users--estimated to be around 100 million monthly active users--to TikTok accounts. TikTok has reportedly also been downloaded more than 100 million times in the United States, including some users in military service.As a result, an increasing number of Americans are now consuming media that has been scrubbed and sorted by the CCP. In addition, TikTok is amassing large amounts of data and information about American citizens that could be used for improper purposes. TikTok's user base primarily consists of young Americans, heightening the risk of malign influence. Of particular concern, allowing a company controlled by the CCP to operate a social media platform in the United States, acquire U.S. citizens' data, manipulate young Americans' media environment, and avoid transparency regarding their censorship practices creates an unacceptable risk of future electoral manipulation.Moreover, given the fundamental asymmetries in market access between the United States and China combined with the transformative role of data in powering AI algorithms and enhancing user experience, I have deep concerns that this uneven playing field will serve not only to allow Chinese platform companies to grow faster but also, by extension, further deteriorate freedom of expression and uncensored information in democratic societies.The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States has sharpened its focus on issues surrounding data in previous case reviews, and TikTok may present another such opportunity. To address the concerns outlined above, I urge that CFIUS launch a thorough national security review of TikTok's acquisition of Musical.ly.Thank you for your attention to this issue and I look forward to your response.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6903632 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: October 26, 2019End of Document

China Recycling Energy Corp Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire Xi'an Yineng Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd.GlobeNewswireSeptember 10, 2019 Tuesday 6:31 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: PRESS RELEASESLength: 1632 wordsBodyXian, China, Sept.  10, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- China Recycling Energy Corp. (NASDAQ: CREG; "CREG" or "the Company"), a leading industrial waste-to-energy solution provider in China, today announced that Shanghai TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. ("Shanghai TCH"), the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, has recently entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent (the "LOI") to acquire controlling ownership of Xi'an Yineng Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd. ("YNZH"), a firm based in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, specializing in smart energy management platform.  YNZH is a leading operator and service provider of energy storage solution on consumer side with the biggest electricity power storage station on a standalone basis and in terms of total capacity and number of customers being served. With the integration of power generation, distribution, transmission, storage and consumption in alternative energy and smart grid, YNZH utilizes big data, intelligence control, cloud computing and AI etc. in its power storage stations to achieve transformation to smart energy solution from conventional system and to pursue energy technology intelligence, power lifecycle digitalization, and smart power operating platform. Its dedication in developing an international leading holistic solution in smart energy operating system is expected to place YNZH the forefront of smart energy management industry. Highlights of its achievements span from its proprietary "Cloud-based Smart Power Management Platform", the application of big data in power storage, and unmanned power stations. Alongside its accumulation of increasing amount of data, YNZH has also become a proven operator in safety and efficiency, letting itself to integrate deeply as energy administrator with its clients and to rapidly penetrate into power storage market.Mr. Ku, Chairman of the Board of Directors of China Recycling Energy commented: "We are excited about the opportunity to acquire controlling ownership of YNZH. YNZH is a vanguard in developing and operating smart energy management platform in China with business model similar to Tesla's Powerwall business, essentially storing excess energy during non-peak times to support the grid's peak loads with saving in energy cost and attractive return to investment to consumers. They took the lead in investing, constructing and managing a number of electric energy storage projects. The tri-level alarm mechanism on its cloud platform can accurately monitor the working conditions of each battery. Its highly reliable security measures and precise remote control system allow high-efficiency operation and maintenance of 24-hour unattended stations and multiple stations managed by single person, resulting in saving in human resources, reduction of the marginal cost and enhancement of industry competitiveness. Its standardized, fast, low cost, high safety and flexible energy storage solutions are expected to attract more and more business and investment opportunities. We can rely on not only the their cutting edge energy storage technology, but also expect explorational growth from this new vertical to reap benefits in  energy solution, economy and environment."We are very pleased to enter an in-depth cooperation in strategy and capital with CREG, a US listed company," commented by Ms. Xuehong Wang, Chairman and CEO of YNZH, "CREG has a wealth of experience in the traditional recycling energy industry investment and operation. Based on our mutual belief and vision of energy storage industry, we will cooperate and supplement each other in investment, construction, operation and technology research and development of power plants to collaborate and promote the development of energy storage industry progress."In July 2019, the four ministries of China, including the National Development and Reform Commission, the National Energy Administration, Ministry of Industry and Information and Ministry of Science and Technology, jointly issued "the Implementation of 2019-2020 Action Plan of the -Promotion of Development of Energy Storage Technology and Industry Guidance'" to promote the development of the energy storage industry from the technical research and development, intelligent manufacture, demonstration of application, and power battery energy storage applications and made clear assignment of responsibilities for implementation by local governments. Local governments and power grid companies have issued relevant policies and implementation rules. Driven by national policies and local measures, the market space of energy storage are expanding. The application technology of energy storage is a key industry supported by Chinese governmentAbout Xi'an Yineng Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd.Xi'an Yineng Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd. is a leading comprehensive high-tech intelligent energy service company integrated with energy efficiency improvement and storage management in China. The energy efficiency management is to fully use internet and big data cloud computing technology, effectively adopt the combination of the mature international and domestic clean energy technologies to make the customers' energy management more efficient, more economical, more secure and more scientific.Xi'an Yineng Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd. has a research and development team consisting the domestic first-class intelligent energy experts and experienced technical engineers who have many year experience in energy efficiency reform and improvement and have strong strengths in project implementation, research and development, and innovation of technology. It has established long-term cooperative relations with BTR (a largest supplier of anode and cathode materials in the world controlled by China Bao'an Group), the National Electric Power Investment Group, TGOOD (China's largest operator of charging station) and other well-known universities and national level research institutes in China. It is an intelligent energy service provider with comprehensive project execution abilityApplication scenarios of YNZH products and services: (1) In the industrial areas, it has signed orders for energy storage projects for nearly RMB 2 billion (approximately $285 million), accounting for about 1% of the total energy storage technology applications in the industrial areas in China. After these projects are completed, they could generate RMB 300 million (approximately $42 million) of cash flow for YNZH every year; (2) In the area of new energy vehicle charging - storage technology application, YNZH has developed business with its strategic partner TGOOD to install energy storage module unit for nearly 110,000 charging stations invested and built by TGOOD as well as its platform management service, which accounts for 41% of the total charging stations built in China with an annual electricity charging for nearly 1.5 billion kilowatt-hour; (3) Reduce the problems of "solar and wind power generation systems" for new energy power generation enterprises in northwest and north China by reducing the impact of sudden changes of electricity generated by photovoltaic and wind power generation systems to the power grid through energy storage technology.About China Recycling Energy Corp.China Recycling Energy Corp. (NASDAQ: CREG or "the Company") is based in Xi'an, China and provides environmentally friendly waste-to-energy technologies to recycle industrial byproducts for steel mills, cement factories and coke plants in China. Byproducts include heat, steam, pressure, and exhaust to generate large amounts of lower-cost electricity and reduce the need for outside electrical sources. The Chinese government has adopted policies to encourage the use of recycling technologies to optimize resource allocation and reduce pollution. Currently, recycled energy represents only an estimated 1 percent of total energy consumption and this renewable energy resource is viewed as a growth market due to intensified environmental concerns and rising energy costs as the Chinese economy continues to expand. The management and engineering teams have over 20 years of experience in industrial energy recovery in China. For more information about CREG, please visit http://www.creg-cn.com.Safe Harbor StatementThis press release may contain certain "forward-looking statements" relating to the business of China Recycling Energy Corp. and its subsidiary companies. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included herein are "forward-looking statements." These forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects" or similar expressions, involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and these expectations may prove to be incorrect. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including those discussed in the Company's periodic reports that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on its website at http://www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. Other than as required under the securities laws, the Company does not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements.For more information, please contact:Ms. Adeline Gu, SecretaryChina Recycling Energy Corp.Tel: +86 29 8765 1098Email: sunny@creg-cn.comLoad-Date: September 11, 2019End of Document

SENATOR HAWLEY STATEMENT ON THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINAStates News ServiceOctober 1, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 653 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Missouri Senator Josh Hawley:Today U.S. Senator Josh Hawley (R-Mo.) issued the following statement on the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China (PRC):"Seventy years ago, the Chinese Communist Party seized power from the Chinese people. Since then, its ruthless rule has resulted in the deaths of millions of its own citizens. Concentration camps in Xinjiang and a rush toward digital authoritarianism are the latest examples of the Party's totalitarian nature, which dates back to the Great Leap Forward and the Tiananmen Square Massacre."The Party's transgressions are not limited to inflicting horrific atrocities against the Chinese people. The Party has stolen American jobs and ideas through trickery and deceit. It regularly engages in economic warfare against Missourians through currency manipulation and tariffs targeting our farmers. The Party is eager to use military force, economic sanctions, and information warfare to impose its influence on its neighbors in the Indo-Pacific and others around the world."I hope that Beijing will one day forgo its imperial agenda. Until then, the world must continue to shine a bright light on the Chinese Communist Party's misdeeds."Senator Hawley has led numerous efforts to hold Beijing accountable for its abuses at home and abroad:Introduced the China Technology Transfer Control Act of 2019 in order to stop the Chinese military's theft of sensitive American technologies.Introduced the Protect Our Universities Act of 2019, which would limit the Chinese government's ability to steal sensitive government research from American university research centers.Sent letters to the heads of University of Missouri and Webster University asking them to reconsider their universities' partnerships with Confucius Institutes, upon the FBI's testimony that the CCP uses these institutes to spread propaganda, encourage censorship, and restrict academic freedom.Introduced a resolution commemorating the victims of the Tiananmen Square massacre, condemning the Chinese Communist Party's (CCP) use of force to suppress dissent, and calling for a unified international response to the CCP's pivot toward digital authoritarianism.Sent a letter to the U.S. Secretaries of State, Treasury, and Commerce calling upon them to levy sanctions against those responsible for the Xinjiang concentration camps.Introduced the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act, which reaffirms America's intent to hold the PRC responsible if it reneges on its commitment to respect Hong Kong's autonomy.Sent a letter to Google CEO Sundar Pichai expressing concern regarding Google's role in the spread of misinformation during pro-democracy protests in Hong-Kong.Introduced a resolution commending the Taiwanese military's efforts to deter Chinese aggression, especially by adopting and implementing its Overall Defense Concept.Introduced the South China Sea and East China Sea Sanctions Act of 2019, which reaffirms America's desire for the peaceful resolution of territorial disputes in these seas, and calls for sanctions against those Chinese persons working to forcibly impose the PRC's sovereignty over the South and East China Seas.Sent a letter, co-signed by Senators Cruz, Rubio, and Blackburn, to the Secretary of State condemning Chinese officials' active facilitation of the trafficking of North Korean women and children, supporting punitive action against those officials, and encouraging the State Department to prioritize development of a multilateral initiative to combat these atrocities.Co-sponsored the Uyghur Humans Right Policy Act of 2019, which articulates concrete measures the U.S. government can take to punish Chinese officials responsible for interning Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang concentration camps, and to protect American citizens and residents from CCP threats here in the U.S. homeland.Load-Date: October 2, 2019End of Document

China calls on United States to lift new sanctionsStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeOctober 8, 2019 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: WORLD NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 640 wordsByline: Steven ClarkeBodyThe companies on the blacklist include two video surveillance companies-Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology Co. and Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co. -that by some accounts control as much as a third of the global market for video surveillance and have cameras all over the world.The possibility, nearly particular to draw a intelligent response from Beijing, targets 20 Chinese public security bureaus and eight corporations including video surveillance firmHikvision, in addition to to leaders in facial recognition abilities SenseTime Neighborhood Ltd and Megvii Technology Ltd.The Chinese video surveillance companyHikvision, the Xinjiang Government's Public Security Bureau and 19 subordinate government agencies were added to the list, according to a Commerce Department filing."Today, I am announcing: Visa restrictions on Chinese government and Communist Party officials who are believed to be responsible for, or complicit in, the detention or abuse of Uighurs, Kazakhs, or other members of Muslim minority groups in Xinjiang, China [.] Family members of such persons may also be subject to these restrictions", Pompeo said.US officials previously said the Trump administration was considering sanctions against officials linked to China's crackdown on Muslims, including Xinjiang Party Secretary Chen Quanguo, who, as a member of the powerful politburo, is in the upper echelons of China's leadership.The Chinese Embassy inWashington did not immediately comment.In April, a bipartisan neighborhood of US lawmakers urged the pass against Chinese corporations it known as "complicit in human rights abuses" and namely citedHikvision and Dahua.It notes human rights groups and the United Nations say China has rounded up and detained more than a million Uighurs and other ethnic minorities in vast detention camps, where they are forced to renounce Islam, speak only in Mandarin Chinese and learn obedience to the communist government. However, minorities allege that Beijing has been trying to suppress their culture and religion.Chelsea star Christian Pulisic considering his future in JanuaryMason Mount is an worldwide player, Callum Hudson-Odoi just signed a new contract, Bayern Munich wanted to buy him last summer. I think if the ethics are right and you deserve your place in the team, you'll get your place in the team.The ministry also said it strongly urges the U.S.to stop making irresponsible remarks on the Xinjiang issue and to stop interfering in China's internal affairs.The move comes as high-level trade talks between USA and Chinese officials are set to resume inWashington.A USHikvision spokesman said the company "strongly opposes" the decision and noted that in January it retained a human rights expert and former US ambassador to advise the company on human rights compliance.The action bars the corporations from attempting to procure parts from USA corporations without US authorities approval - a potentially crippling pass."PunishingHikvision, without reference to those engagements, will deter world corporations from communicating with the US authorities, harm Hikvision's USA businesses companions and negatively influence the USA economy", the firm added.Megvii said Tuesday there are "no grounds" for including the company in the blacklist. Megvii said it received no revenue from projects in Xinjiang in the six months through June 30. This means US companies will require approval to do any kind of business with the 28 entities.Hikvision was also included in that ban, which will preclude any U.S. federal agency from purchasing telecom or technology equipment from the firms and comes amid concern that Huawei is linked to Chinese intelligence. "Because of the this China has do extra than one million Uighur Muslims ... in internment camps and is why it throws Christian pastors in penal advanced".Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 4:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 16651 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 08-Oct-19 16:00 ET15:55TALKX Market Briefing: Tracking the headlines for a risk-off moveA really disappointing finish to the day is unfolding, largely because of how the day started, which is to say that the market is being taken down by another headline that will seemingly make it difficult for U.S. and China negotiators to reach any deal of consequence this week.The latest news item was a report that the U.S. has implemented a visa ban for Chinese officials linked to human rights abuses in Xinjiang. That news is a bookend to the peculiarly timed news last night that the Department of Commerce placed 28 Chinese government and commercial firms on its entity list for their role in fostering human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.Neither of these developments is being held out as a negotiating tactic by the Trump Administration, yet the market is reading between the headlines and seeing a diplomatic rift that could stand in the way of constructive trade dealings this week.The end result is a risk-off move driven by disappointment that the trade uncertainty is a negative for economic growth and earnings prospects.The major indices are at, or near, their worst levels of the day just ahead of the closing bell.15:54SPY Stocks retreating toward session lows in the final minutes of trade (288.97 -4.11)S&P 500 -1.4%, Nasdaq 100 -1.4%, DJIA -1.1%15:39SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Domino's Pizza (DPZ) sees volatility following third quarter earnings -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersDPZ (253.74 +4.76%): Reported Q3 earnings. Co missed consensus for EPS on in-line revs, which rose +4.4% yr/yr to $820.81 mln on global retail sales growth of +5.8%, US same store sales growth of +2.4%, and international same store sales growth of +1.7%. Authorized a new $1.0 bln common share repurchase program. Replaced its prior 3-5 year outlook with a new 2-3 year outlook, calling for +7-10% global retail sales growth over the 2-3 year span. Co noted during its earnings call that the decrease in its outlook range is connected to limits to visibility caused by evolving market conditions, including from the conditions surrounding new entrants in the quick service delivery segment. The stock has covered a wide range today, sinking as much as 6% before rallying to its highest levels since July, supported by conference call commentary. AAL (26.54 +2.73%): Sees moderate strength, after opening lower, alongside a selection of airline peers, led by Hawaiian Holdings (HA) following its upside September traffic stats and revisions to certain Q3 metrics. MSI (171.63 +2.29%): Makes gains on above average volume, outperforming the broader tech sector; Reuters, citing analyst commentary, noted that co's Avigilon unit is viewed as a potential beneficiary of yesterday's blacklisting of Hikvision and other sector players.Large Cap LosersSE (28.12 -7.94%): Sells down to four-month lows on more than 2x average volume and heavier than usual options volume. In recent events, co is responsible, notes Bloomberg, for overseeing the distribution of Activision Blizzard (ATVI) and Tencent's (TCEHY) Call of Duty: Mobile in the Southeast Asia region; the game went live at the start of the month and reportedly has now reached 100 mln downloads.WAT (210.31 -5.89%): Medical devices stocks underperform amid the lagging healthcare sector, led lower by research and diagnostics company Qiagen (QGEN) following its warning of downside Q3 sales resulting from weakness in China. The stock moved to its lowest levels in more than a month on above average volume. (Related: BSX, TMO...)TEAM (125.71 -5.42%): Underperforms on above average volume, returning portions of an +8% rally accumulated during the prior three sessions.15:25COMDX Energy settlement pricesNov Crude Oil futures fell $0.12 (-0.2%) to $52.63/barrel Nov Natural Gas settled $0.015 lower (-0.7%) at $2.288/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.0115 higher (0.7%) at $1.5809/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.0068 higher (0.4%) at $1.9101/gallon15:18COMDX Metals settlement pricesDec gold settled today's session down $1.00 (0.1%) at $1503.90/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.16 higher (0.9%) at $17.70/oz Dec copper settled $0.01 lower (0.0%) at $2.5685/lb15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Endure Volatile Session as China Remains in FocusU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a higher note after a volatile finish to the session. Treasuries started the cash session on a firmly higher note after yesterday's announcement from the White House about the blacklisting of 28 Chinese companies was viewed as a negative sign ahead of trade talks scheduled for the end of this week in Washington. On a related note, South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese delegation might return home a day earlier than originally planned. The renewed sense of caution provided an opening boost, but the market only saw limited follow-through buying. Treasuries edged to highs in mid-morning trade, but backed off those levels going into the afternoon, aided in part by a rebound in equities. The pullback deepened shortly after the completion of today's $38 bln 3-yr Treasury note auction, which was met with tepid demand. The offering drew a high yield of 1.413%, which tailed the when-issued yield by 0.4 bps while the bid-to-cover ratio (2.43x) and indirect takedown (45.8%) were below average. The market endured a volatile finish to the day. A dip to fresh lows took place after Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, indicated once again that the Federal Reserve plans to increase the size of its balance sheet, but Treasuries lurched off their lows in response to a Bloomberg report that the U.S. imposed visa bans on Chinese officials linked to detention centers in Xinjiang. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 99.18. Yield Check: 2-yr: -4 bps to 1.42% 3-yr: -5 bps to 1.37% 5-yr: -3 bps to 1.36% 10-yr: -2 bps to 1.54% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.04%News: The New York Fed accepted total bids of $37.50 bln in today's repurchase operation, below the $75 bln maximum. The New York Fed also conducted a 14-day term repurchase operation, accepting total bids of $38.85 bln, below the $45 bln limit. Newly minted IMF Managing Director, Kristalina Georgieva, said that a "synchronized policy response" may be needed if global economic growth continued decelerating. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said he expects 2.0% GDP growth in 2020. The FOMC voter added that downside risks to the economy are stronger than upside risks, observing that business investment has been on the weak side. Bloomberg reported that the White House is focusing on limiting exposure to Chinese stocks in government pension funds. A similar report made the rounds on September 27. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020. The Italian parliament voted in favor of reducing the number of senators to 200 from 315 while the number of MPs will be lowered to 400 from 630. Greece reopened EUR1.50 bln worth of 10-yr debt to very strong demand. China's September Caixin Services PMI decreased to 51.3 (expected 52.1) from 52.1. Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%) and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8. Germany's August Industrial Production increased 0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%). Italy's August Retail Sales decreased 0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%) but rose 0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%). Spain's August Industrial Production increased 1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%). Swiss September Unemployment Rate held at 2.3% (expected 2.1%). Today's Data: The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month. The index for final demand declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%). The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index decreased to 101.8 in September from 103.1 in August. $38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.413% (2.303%). Bid-to-cover: 2.43 (2.50). Indirect bid: 45.8% (46.9%). Direct bid: 16.9% (14.7%). Commodities: WTI crude: -0.3% to $52.66/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1503.90/ozt Copper: -0.3% to $2.57/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.0955 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2215 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1565 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 107.12 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior 8.1%) 10:00 ET: August Wholesale Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.4%; prior 0.2%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $24 bln 10-yr Treasury note reopening results Fed Speakers: 17:00 ET (tonight): Minneapolis Fed President (non-voter) Neel Kashkari 11:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell 11:00 ET: Kansas City Fed President (FOMC voter) Esther George15:09SUMRX Earnings out this afternoon: LEVIThis afternoon: LEVI None scheduled for tomorrow morning14:50TALKX Market Briefing: Powell speech taken in rebound strideFed Chair Powell is giving a speech at the NABE Annual Meeting in Denver today. The main topic of the speech is integrating the 'Old' and 'New' economies, yet he wrapped things up with some thoughts on the Fed's policy course.Key takeaways in that regard include:An acknowledgment that the time is upon us to increase the Fed's securities holdings to maintain an appropriate level of reserves in order to keep volatility in the wholesale funding markets in check. Mr. Powell was quick to note that the impending growth of its balance sheet "...should in no way be confused with the large-scale asset purchases programs that we deployed after the financial crisis."Translation: Don't think of this as a "QE" operation. It is geared only to ensure that there is an appropriate level of reserves to meet cash needs. The purchases will be concentrated in T-bills and should not materially affect the stance of monetary policy.He again highlighted risks to the favorable outlook, calling attention to weaker growth around the world, uncertainties surrounding trade, Brexit, and other issues.Mr. Powell stressed that the Fed will be data dependent in its decision-making process and that policy is not on a preset course. He added, though, that the Fed will act as appropriate to sustain the expansion and meet its dual mandate.By and large, there were no real policy surprises in the speech. The stock market, however, might have liked the idea that he didn't take the opportunity to give a telltale hint that a rate cut in October is unlikely to happen. He left the door open there in reiterating the Fed's data-dependent nature.The stock market, which was in a rebound mode ahead of the speech, has continued that rebound effort. The S&P 500, down 1.4% at its low this morning, is now down 0.5% for the day.14:33AJRD Aerojet Rocketdyne teams with NASA to develop novel rocket engine technology (48.50 +0.36)Aerojet Rocketdyne has entered into a Space Act Agreement with NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center to design and manufacture a lightweight rocket engine thrust chamber assembly using innovative additive manufacturing processes and materials. The goal of the project is to reduce manufacturing costs and make a thrust chamber that is easily scalable to support a variety of missions, including America's return to the Moon and subsequent missions to explore Mars.Aerojet Rocketdyne will use a unique combination of 3D printing technologies -- including solid state deposition and laser deposition -- to enable rapid fabrication of complex components. The vertical integration of these robotic additive manufacturing techniques is expected to yield a scalable design that could be applied to propulsion systems ranging from small systems that would support a lunar lander, all the way up to large boosters that enable launch vehicles to escape Earth's gravity.14:29SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Qiagen (QGEN) underperforms following preliminary third quarter press, CEO departure -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersNG (6.76 +4.88%): Gold names and select metals peers show relative strength amid general market weakness. (Related: BTG, AUY...)FSLY (26.14 +4.1%): Continued volatility; the stock has added circa +12% so far this week.BRFS (9.18 +3.45%): Brazilian stocks see continued volatility; the stock recovers portions of yesterday's 4% slide as the iShares Brazil ETF (EWZ) demonstrates moderate relative outperformance.Mid Cap LosersQGEN (25.4 -20.79%): Recent updates for co include its report of preliminary Q3 results -- co currently expects total net sales growth of approx. +3% ex-FX vs outlook for +4-5% growth, mainly due to "significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China"; sees adj. EPS within its outlook for approx. $0.35-0.36 -- as well as its news of the departure of its CEO, Peer M. Schatz, who steps down after 27 years with co in order to pursue new opportunities, and its announcement of a 15-year partnership with Illumina (ILMN) that is intended to broaden the availability and use of NGS-based in-vitro diagnostic kids, including companion diagnostics, for patient management. Downgraded at JP Morgan, Barclays, and Deutsche Bank. At two-year lows. NKTR (16.56 -11.3%): Downgraded to Sell from Buy and price target lowered to $16 from $54 at Goldman. Reaches two-year lows. Healthcare sector lags. (Related: CRSP, ADPT...) SDC (12.08 -10.45%): Continued volatility following yesterday's slate of analyst initiations and amid general pressure for recent IPOs. Co commented after yesterday's close in response to the day's analyst initiations that it saw the market reports as reinforcing the value of its business model, unit economics, and mission. At new lows.13:46ABTX Allegiance Bancshares jumps 8% after being selected to replace Monotype Imaging (TYPE) in the S&P SmallCap 600 (34.05 +2.41)13:16SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ACB (10.9 mln +1.18%)Materials: FCX (17.2 mln -2.57%)Industrials: GE (24.52 mln -2.57%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (24.29 mln +9.35%), F (15.73 mln -1.44%)Information Technology: AMD (27.73 mln -1.52%), AAPL (14.67 mln -0.1%), MSFT (12.47 mln +0.2%), MU (11.84 mln -2.59%)Financials: BAC (32.1 mln -1.84%), QQQ (16.28 mln -0.67%), TQQQ (16.21 mln -2.02%), SQQQ (12.2 mln +1.94%)Energy: CHK (39.66 mln -2.63%), ECA (12.09 mln -4.66%), RIG (10.89 mln -0.72%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (10.93 mln +0%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: QGEN (9.27x -20.32%), ADAP (3.89x -8.64%), CYRX (3.19x +1.69%), PBYI (2.43x -20.66%), PKI (2.12x -5.15%)Materials: AXTA (2.35x -5.38%)Industrials: AZZ (3.27x -14.21%), HA (2.95x +7.1%)Consumer Discretionary: DPZ (5.64x +3.69%), HELE (2.62x -0.69%)Information Technology: AMBA (3.49x -8.13%)Financials: GER (3.82x -1.72%), KYN (2.11x -1.83%)Energy: EURN (2.12x +0.1%)Utilities: NEP (2.6x +0.61%)13:13SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: OMI (6.48 +4.94%), AVNS (37.36 +3.15%)Materials: MUX (1.7 +6.92%), NG (6.71 +4.01%), HL (2 +3.63%), NGD (1.04 +3.5%), CDE (5.25 +3.35%), HMY (3.15 +3.28%), SA (12.95 +2.9%)Industrials: HA (27 +7.1%), VICR (31.54 +3.78%), AAL (26.58 +2.9%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (1.7 +9.35%), OSTK (11.7 +4.28%), DPZ (251.15 +3.69%)Energy: CRZO (7.78 +3.32%), NBR (1.62 +3.18%), ESV (4.42 +2.79%), BRY (9.52 +2.59%)Consumer Staples: BRFS (9.18 +3.44%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: PBYI (7.99 -20.66%), QGEN (25.55 -20.32%), NKTR (16.58 -11.19%), DBVT (7.37 -10.4%), ADAP (1.01 -8.64%), CLVS (3.29 -8.61%), NTLA (10.99 -8.11%), CRSP (38.01 -7.47%), SLDB (9.42 -7.37%)Industrials: AZZ (36.9 -14.21%)Consumer Discretionary: SIG (16.19 -9.25%), CWH (7.94 -7.57%), BOOT (31.9 -7.43%)Information Technology: AMBA (52.57 -8.13%), XELA (1.17 -7.87%)Financials: EZPW (5.5 -11.15%)Energy: TUSK (2.09 -7.11%)Utilities: JE (2.14 -7.36%)13:12OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:RRC Jan20 4 calls are seeing interest with the underlying stock down 6% (volume: 16.2K, open int: 50, implied vol: ~102%, prev day implied vol: 91%). Over 14K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings late October. Co is scheduled to present two conferences in November and December.CCJ Nov 9.5 calls (volume: 3220, open int: 0, implied vol: ~46%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is confirmed to report earnings November 1 before the open.WDC Oct 60 calls (volume: 2560, open int: 1010, implied vol: ~44%, prev day implied vol: 3%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.MPC Nov 65 calls (volume: 7910, open int: 70, implied vol: ~39%, prev day implied vol: 37%). Over 4300 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co is confirmed to report earnings October 31 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HSBC Nov 37 puts (volume: 2500, open int: 0, implied vol: ~23%, prev day implied vol: 21%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings early November.ALDR Jan20 17.5 puts (volume: 8840, open int: 0, implied vol: ~17%, prev day implied vol: 15%). 4300 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co is scheduled to present at a Credit Suisse conference on November 11.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.99, VIX: (19.13, +1.27, +7.1%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:03BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.413% (When-Issued: 1.409%) Bid-to-cover: 2.43 Indirect bid: 45.8% Direct bid: 16.9% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.303% Bid-to-cover: 2.50 Indirect bid: 46.9% Direct bid: 14.7%13:00LEVI Levi Strauss earnings preview - DTC channel and international growth have mitigated department store softness (19.30 -0.46)After the close tonight, Levi Strauss (LEVI) is set to issue 3Q19 results. Since its March 21 IPO, LEVI has reported earnings twice. Last quarter, the company generated Non-GAAP EPS of $0.17 vs. the $0.12 consensus, posted inline revenue of $1.3 bln (+5.4% yr/yr), and also slightly raised its FY19 guidance.Specifically, it guided for Adj EBITDA margin improvement up to +10 bps from "flat to slightly higher", and constant currency net revenue growth to the "high end of mid-single digit range" from "mid single digits."Heading into tonight's report, the stock has been on a nice roll, climbing by 22% from the post-IPO lows hit in mid-August. The upswing suggests that investors are anticipating another good earnings report from LEVI.For the quarter, analysts are expecting LEVI to report Non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 on revenue of $1.44 bln. It's worth noting that last quarter LEVI did not provide an Adjusted EPS number in its earnings press release. Adjusted net income and shares outstanding were provided, allowing for a Non-GAAP EPS number to be calculated.However, following the earnings release, the financial media honed in on the readily available GAAP EPS number, which came up short of expectations at $0.07 vs. the $0.08 consensus.The differing numbers created some initial confusion and volatility in the stock and is something to keep in mind should the same circumstance arise tonight.Competition and evolving consumer shopping habits have created a very challenging environment for retailers -- especially for those that are heavily reliant on brick-and-mortar stores. It is estimated that about 15-20% of LEVI's business is generated from U.S. department stores. Last quarter, LEVI's wholesale business grew by a scant 3% compared to 5% in Q1.Its exposure to department stores is fairly significant, but so far LEVI has done a good job of mitigating the soft performance in department stores by bolstering its direct-to-consumer (DTC) channel, expanding internationally, and broadening its product lines to include more tops and women's categories.For instance, last quarter the DTC channel grew 14% and now represents at least 10% of the total business compared to just 4% early this year. Furthermore, LEVI's women's business was up 18% in Q2, marking the 15th straight quarter of growth for that category.The main question going forward is whether LEVI can continue to drive healthy revenue growth and margin expansion while the Americas region (+3% growth in Q2) continues to struggle due to weakness at U.S. department stores.While the company hasn't provided quarterly guidance in its earnings press releases, it might provide an updated outlook for FY19 Adj. EBITDA margin and constant currency net revenue growth.12:59VHC VirnetX Holding says prevails in appeals court as mandate issued in Apple (AAPL) suit (6.05 +0.09)The co announced that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the "Federal Circuit") has issued a formal mandate in the Federal Circuit case 2018-1197 (the "1197 Case") titled "Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in No. 6:10-cv-00417-RWS, Judge Robert Schroeder, III" (the "Apple I" case), in accordance with the judgment of the Federal Circuit, entered on January 15, 2019, affirming the judgement issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in this case.12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks down broadly as trade concerns growThe major averages on Wall Street are down noticeably today after the U.S. placed 28 more Chinese organizations on its trade blacklist. The S&P 500 (-0.9%) and Nasdaq Composite (-0.9%) are down nearly 1.0%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.6%) fares slightly better. Each are currently off session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department cited human rights violations against a Muslim minority in China for its decision. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied any violations and hinted at possible retaliation. According to the Global Times, the spokesman added that "Beijing has become accustomed to such tricks [ahead of trade talks] and will deal with them calmly."Concerns have been rooted in a view that major progress in this week's trade talks is now less likely, suggesting that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will still increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15. In turn, the stock market appears to be pricing in some disappointment, with all 11 S&P 500 sectors down between 0.3% (real estate) and 1.3% (health care).Unsurprisingly, the China-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-1.9%) is down big, as many of its components derive a significant portion of their revenue from China. Shares of Ambarella (AMBA 52.28, -4.97, -8.7%) are down nearly 9% as one of its customers, Hikvision, was among the Chinese companies that now needs a license to conduct business in the U.S.Elsewhere, continued Brexit uncertainty and warnings from the IMF and World Bank about global economic conditions have also tempered risk sentiment. As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell will speak at an annual luncheon at 1:50 p.m. ET.An overnight advance in Treasuries has pulled back, even after producer prices unexpectedly declined in September. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.53%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 99.14.Separately, Domino's Pizza (DPZ 254.61, +12.30, +5.1%) has brushed off early weakness and is now firmly in positive territory. The company missed earnings estimates and tempered its long-term outlook, but it also announced a $1 billion share repurchase program.Reviewing today's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.12:50QGEN Qiagen leading med-tech/device stocks lower after warning about sales, citing significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China (25.43 -6.62)Qiagen also partner with Illumina (ILMN) for sequencing-based In-Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) tests and announced the departure of its CEO.Genomics/med-tech: PSNL -6.79% ADPT -6.74% NVTA -4.04% ILMN -3.58% Medical devices: WAT -6.13% BSX -5.89% TMO -5.83% PKI -5.18% A -2.86% MTD -2.76%12:30SDC SmileDirectClub slides 11% to fresh lows as recent IPOs remain under pressure (12.02 -1.47)Recent IPOs seeing similar relative weakness: JMIA -8.07%, ADPT -7.32%, PSNL -6.71%, SNDL -6.19%, STOK -6.06%, TCRR -5.93%, RVLV -5.35%, PRVL -5.00%, PTON -4.81% PLAN -4.80%, KRTX -4.79%, HARP -4.76%, LVGO -4.73%, HCAT -4.64%, CRWD -4.45%, THOR -4.38%, LK -4.28%, BBIO -3.97%, TWST -3.82%, etc...Of note for SDC, shares closed down 8% yesterday despite a wave of bullish analyst initiations upon expiration of the quiet period. Perhaps driven by the ongoing selling pressure on shares and resulting underperformance following September's IPO, SDC yesterday responded to the initiations, declaring that they reinforce the value of their business model, unit economics and mission:"Today's market reports reinforce the value of our business model, unit economics and mission to transform smiles through safe, affordable and consumer-first technology to an addressable market of approximately 500 million people worldwide. We remain focused on long term shareholder value - the next 12, 24, 36 months and beyond. Our entrance into the public market allows us to reinvest in innovation, process improvements, international growth and customer experience. Our commitment to our 5,500 team members, our customers and our mission is stronger than ever."12:20SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- NIO (NIO) improves following third quarter delivery results -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersNIO (1.69 +9.03%): Provided a Q3 delivery update; co delivered 4,799 vehicles in the quarter, increasing +35.1% sequentially and exceeding the midpoint of co's guidance range by 499 vehicles, or +11.6%. Deliveries of the ES6 models "continued to ramp up"; 4,196 vehicles of the model were reported for the quarter. September deliveries were positively impacted ahead of China's national day holiday. Co also noted that it has seen accelerated growth of its order backlog since September. It is updating its retail pricing and battery pack offerings and will continue to "further enhance [its] offerings in an effort to accelerate orders and deliveries, going forward." NAT (3.27 +6.17%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and assigned a $4 price target at BTIG Research. The stock, which has advanced alongside shipping/tanker peers during sector outperformance in recent sessions, sees continued strength on more than 3x average volume, today generally outperforming peer names. At ten-month highs. HA (26.56 +5.36%): Reported upside September traffic stats -- total traffic increased +3.0% yr/yr on a +0.7% increase in capacity, with load factor increasing 1.9 points to 85.5% -- and raised its estimates for operating revenue per available seat mile (ASM), due to better than expected yields in long-haul markets, particularly in its International entity. Co also narrowed its estimates for operating cost per ASM ex. fuel and non-recurring items and for estimates for gallons of jet fuel consumer, and it lowered its estimates for economic fuel cost per gallon.Small Cap LosersPBYI (8.05 -20.06%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral and price target cut to $8 from $24 at Goldman; hearing that the firm cites headline risk presented by upcoming competitive data from Seattle Genetics' (SGEN) tucatinib in the HER2-positive breast cancer space for the downgrade. Co also disclosed that its Chief Commercial Officer, Steven Lo, has decided to resign, effective October 18, in order to accept a CEO position at Zosano Pharma (ZSAN). At all-time lows. AZZ (36.74 -14.58%): Co's Q2 earnings report had been scheduled to be released this morning, but co instead announced today that it is rescheduling -- and thus, delaying -- its Q2 earnings release in order to grant co "additional time to complete the review of its Form 10-Q" for the quarter; co will announce the specific date and time of the rescheduled earnings call upon completion of the review. At multi-year lows. AMBA (51.57 -9.87%): The Department of Commerce added a number of Chinese organizations to its Entity List, including video surveillance companies Hikvision and Dahua Technology, which are major customers for co's components -- according to Needham, which downgraded co in June citing Entity List risk and which now reiterates its Underperform rating, the two customers accounted for 20-25% of co's total revenue over the past few quarters. The stock moves to its lowest levels since co issued upside Q3 revenue guidance in its Q2 earnings report.12:09PBYI Puma Biotech. plummets 21% to all-time lows after Goldman downgrades to Sell (cutting price target to $8 (from $24)) and Chief Commercial Officer Steven Lo resigns to pursue another opportunity (7.95 -2.12)11:48BA Boeing reported Q3 commercial airplane deliveries down 67% to 63; 737s down 91% to 5 (370.07 -6.47)Boeing reports this data monthly as well.11:41ASPS Altisource Portfolio Solutions to wind down and close Owners.com's operations (19.67 -0.40)The Company believes that closing Owners.com supports its simplification strategy, eliminates the cash burn associated with this earlier stage business, and increases focus on the core real estate and mortgage businesses. The Company believes that closing Owners.com supports its simplification strategy, eliminates the cash burn associated with this earlier stage business, and increases focus on the core real estate and mortgage businesses.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.573% Bid-to-cover: 2.42 Indirect bid: 46.2% Direct bid: 16.6% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.303% Bid-to-cover: 2.50 Indirect bid: 46.9% Direct bid: 14.7%10:36SMH Chipmakers pressured by blacklist news (116.72 -2.94)The PHLX Semiconductor Index (-2.8%) is a notable laggard today as chipmakers fall victim to selling interest after the U.S. added eight Chinese tech companies to a blacklist, which prevents these entities from doing business with U.S. companies without a special license. Video surveillance/facial recognition companies Hikvision and Dahua are among the newly blacklisted entities, alongside companies that work on artificial intelligence technologies.The news has caused broad-based weakness among chipmakers. There are currently 12 members of the SOX index showing losses of 3.0% or more. Interestingly, companies that are known for doing business with Hikvision and Dahua are not leading today's retreat. For instance, Intel (INTC 49.89, -0.73, -1.5%) is the second-best performer in the group while names like AMD (AMD 28.14, -0.79, -2.7%), NVIDIA (NVDA 177.96, -6.37, -3.4%), and Qualcomm (QCOM 73.53, -2.81, -3.6%) show losses between 2.7% and 3.6%.Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 47.90, -0.05, -0.1%) trades just below its flat line after notching a fresh record at the start of today's session. At this time, it may seem that the Taiwan-based company is shielded from being dragged into the conflict with China, but the contract chip manufacturer could see a decrease in orders if U.S. chipmakers are prevented from selling components to Chinese companies. Furthermore, there is also a risk that China could try to strengthen its grip over Taiwan and block TSM from fabricating chips for U.S. companies.10:18TALKX Market Briefing: Trade and growth concerns at heart of early selling interestIt's not a pretty picture in the stock market this morning. Every sector is lower, the CBOE Volatility Index is up 10% to 19.57, and the S&P 500 has dropped further below its 50-day moving average (2938.44).The negative price action is primarily a function of trade concerns, which ratcheted up following some awkward timing by the Department of Commerce in naming 19 Chinese governmental, and eight commercial, firms to its Entity List on the basis of their part in fostering human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in China.That news hit last night and immediately created a diplomatic rift in front of this week's trade negotiations in Washington between senior U.S. and China trade officials. China for its part warned it will retaliate.Accordingly, a sense of nervousness ahead of those talks has fueled broad-based selling interest. The selling activity is predicated not just on a belief that the trade talks this week will be disappointing, but that the latest developments will keep a planned tariff rate increase from 25% to 30% on $250 billion worth of imported Chinese goods on track to be implemented October 15.The more general view of matters, and seemingly negative turn of events, is that the trade uncertainty is a negative for growth and earnings prospects alike.The biggest losers thus far are the financial (-1.8%), health care (-1.6%), information technology (-1.5%), and industrials (-1.4%) sectors.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.1%; the S&P 500 is down 1.3%; the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.3%; and the Russell 2000 is down 1.6%.10:10OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:WDC Oct 60 calls are seeing interest with 2560 contracts trading vs. open int of 1010, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~44%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Puts:HSBC Nov 37 puts are seeing interest with 2500 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~23%. Co is expected to report earnings early November.Stocks seeing volatility selling:HELE, DPZ implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.05, VIX: (19.59, +1.73, +9.7%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.09:44WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stock market drops at the open on trade concernsThe major averages have dropped at the open after the U.S. added 28 more Chinese firms to a trade blacklist ahead of trade talks. The S&P 500 is down 1.0%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.0%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory. Financials (-1.4%) and industrials (-1.3%) lead the retreat with losses over 1.0%, while real estate (-0.3%) and consumer staples (-0.3%) hold modest losses.U.S. Treasuries are up, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.96. WTI crude is down 1.1% to $52.15/bbl.09:43SCANX Earnings/guidance moversHA +6.93% HELE +4.59% QGEN -18.75% DZSI -18.09% DPZ -5.04% BRY -0.32%09:35MLHR Herman Miller says in the process of working to execute an agreement to acquire an additional 34% equity interest in HAY A/S for approximately $78 mln (44.40 -0.24)09:33SUMRX Economic Summary: September PPI shows unexpected declineEconomic Data Summary:September NFIB Small Business Optimism Index 101.8 vs Briefing.com consensus of ; August was 103.1 September PPI -0.3% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; August was 0.1% September Core PPI -0.3% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; August was 0.3%The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was 8.1%) August Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.4%; July was 0.2%) August JOLTS - Jobs Openings due out Wednesday at 10:00 (July was 7.22 mln)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 14:30 ET and tomorrow at 11:00 ETThe Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be announced at 13:00 ETTuesday: $38 bln in 3 Year Treasury notesWednesday: $24 bln in 10 Year Treasury notesThursday: $16 bln in 30 Year Treasury bondsOther International Events of Interest:Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus totaled JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8.09:27WIRES On The WiresUnisys (UIS) today announced that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has selected the company to compete for task and delivery orders under the Intelligent Automation/Artificial Intelligence contract. This five-year Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract has a potential value of $49 mln.Autolus Therapeutics (AUTL) announced changes to the company's executive leadership team. Dr. Jim Faulkner, SVP, Head of Product Delivery, and Neil Bell, SVP, Head of Clinical Operations, will be departing Autolus. In conjunction with these changes, David Brochu has been named SVP, Head of Product Delivery, and Vishal Mehta has been named VP, Head of Clinical Operations.Net 1 UEPS Technologies (UEPS) has exercised its option to acquire an additional 35% interest in Bank Frick & Co. AG, a fully licensed bank based in Liechtenstein, for approx. USD 46.4 mln. The transaction is subject to approval from the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority and is expected to close in March 2020. Following the successful completion of the additional investment, the company will own 70% of Bank Frick, with the Kuno Frick Family Foundation owning the remaining 30% interest.Global Payments (GPN) announced today the technology behind its Netspend general purpose reloadable Mastercard has been integrated into Samsung's digital wallet, Samsung Pay, and will drive its Samsung Pay Cash service.Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) has secured two working capital facilities to provide additional liquidity and flexibility as it continues to execute its growth objectives. The company has closed on a three-year $10 mln senior secured line of credit with Citizens Bank N.A.; proceeds from this line of credit will be used for general corporate purposes. The company has also entered a Supply Chain Financing program with Citibank N.A. that enables the company to accelerate cash collections by selling receivables to Citibank on a non-recourse basis. Receivables from key customers will be included in the Citibank program, which is expected to provide, on average, between $15-20 mln of additional liquidity for the company.Ameresco (AMRC) will develop a 27-megawatt solar farm in the Village of DePue, Illinois. Upon completion, the DePue solar farm will be the largest in Bureau County and will directly advance the state's goal of reaching 25% renewable energy by 2025.09:19PBYI Puma Biotech. Chief Commercial Officer Steven Lo to resign effective October 18 (10.07 )Mr. Lo has informed the company that he has accepted a position as the CEO of a company that is preparing for commercialization and focusing on the development of therapies for the central nervous system. Mr. Lo's responsibilities will be assumed by the Puma Biotechnology's existing commercial team while the company initiates a search for a replacement.09:15WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -18.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.The stock market is on track for a noticeably lower open, as new trade developments cast some doubt on this week's trade talks. The S&P 500 futures trade 18 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.Differences between views on human rights appears to be the latest dispute between the countries. The U.S. added 28 Chinese firms to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. On a related note, China suspended broadcast of games for the Houston Rockets after its general manager tweeted support for Hong Kong over the weekend.China has signaled it might retaliate against the trade blacklist, and it could reportedly leave trade talks one day early. Evidently, investors are feeling less optimistic about senior-level talks slated to begin on Thursday.The yield on the 10-yr note is down three basis points to 1.52%, little changed after the Producer Price Index for September unexpected declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%).09:03RGLD Royal Gold says RGLD Gold AG subsidiary sold approximately 60k gold equivalent ounces during its fiscal 2020 first quarter (127.41 )The co announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, RGLD Gold AG, sold approx. 60,000 gold equivalent ounces comprised of approx. 50,000 gold ounces, 510,000 silver ounces and 1,100 tonnes of copper related to its streaming agreements during its fiscal 2020 first quarter ended September 30, 2019. As noted previously, first quarter stream sales were lower than the prior quarter due to production restrictions experienced at Mount Milligan during the quarter ended March 31, 2019. The company had approx. 25,000 gold equivalent ounces in inventory at the end of the first quarter, consisting of 18,000 gold ounces, 514,000 silver ounces, and 400 tonnes of copper.RGLD Gold AG's average realized gold, silver and copper prices for the first quarter were $1,458 per ounce, $16.54 per ounce, and $5,798 per tonne ($2.63 per pound), respectively, compared to $1,293, $14.88, and $6,287 ($2.85 per pound), respectively, in the prior quarter ended June 30, 2019.09:02ASH Ashland appoints Guillermo Novo as Chairman and CEO, effective December 31 (75.55 )From 2016 to 2019, Mr. Novo served as President and CEO of Versum Materials. William A. Wulfsohn will continue to serve as Chairman and CEO through the end of this year to ensure a smooth transition. Following Mr. Wulfsohn's departure from Ashland, the Board will be composed of 10 members, nine of whom are independent.08:57PRICE Filings, Offerings and PricingsFilings:Star Bulk Carriers (SBLK) files for ~1.54 mln share offering by selling shareholder Delphin HoldingsOfferings:Algonquin Power & Utilities (AQN) commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares08:55APHA Aphria comments on Aleafia Health's termination of the company's wholesale cannabis supply agreement with Emblem Corp (5.39 )"We are disappointed that Aleafia has chosen to terminate its Agreement with Aphria Inc. The Company had every intention of fulfilling its obligations under the Agreement. As a large shareholder of Aleafia, Aphria made good faith efforts to ensure continuation of the Agreement understanding it was in the best interest of all parties involved. However, the termination of this legacy Agreement frees up significant supply allowing the Company to service its brands that are in high-demand across the country."The parties are contractually obligated to negotiate for a period of 30 days following the receipt of a formal notice of termination. If the parties fail to arrive at any agreement or settlement within the 30 days, and if Aleafia initiates a formal claim for damages, the company intends to vigorously defend itself. The cannabis supply agreement is not a material part of the company's business and operations.08:51WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -18.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.The S&P 500 futures trade 18 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1). Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.In economic data: China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1) Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8) South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln) Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.0% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.3% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: CLOSED South Korea's Kospi: +1.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.4%Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.In economic data: Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%) France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln) Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%) Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%) Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -1.0% Germany's DAX: -0.9% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.8% Italy's FTSE MIB: -1.0% Spain's IBEX 35: -1.1%08:46PD PagerDuty (-3%) set to open at record low after IPO lockup expires (26.74 )Tufin Software's (TUFN) IPO lockup also expires today08:32WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -20.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -51.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 20 points, or 0.7%, below fair value.Just in, producer prices declined 0.3% in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%) while core producer prices also declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%). Yr/yr, producer prices are up 1.4% (vs +1.8% in August) while core producer prices are up 2.0% (vs +2.3% in August).08:30DXCM Dexcom receives FDA clearance for Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System for healthcare professionals to use with their patients, ages two years and up (159.45 )Dexcom G6 Pro is the first and only single use, professional CGM that gathers real-time glucose data over a 10-day period and offers both a blinded and unblinded mode. In blinded mode, real-time glucose data is hidden from the patient and reviewed retrospectively with their healthcare professional at the end of the session. In unblinded mode, patients can see their glucose data throughout the 10-day sensor wear to gain insights and make treatment decisions in real time. The company expects to begin shipping Dexcom G6 Pro early next year.08:30ECONX September Core PPI M/M -0.3% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus08:30ECONX September Headline PPI M/M -0.3% vs +0.1% Briefing.com consensus08:04SUMRX Gapping up/down: HA +5% and HELE +5% after earnings/guidance, metals and miners trading higher; DPZ -5% after earnings, EU banks trading lower, ORCL -1% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:HA +5.2% (reports Sept traffic +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity; raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM), HELE +4.9%Select metals/mining stocks trading higher:HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, MUX +2.5%, AU +2.4%, GDX +1.5%, GOLD +1.3%, GLD +0.8%, SLV +0.8%Other news:NIO +11% (provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr) ERIC +1.2% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) NOK +0.8% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) CE +0.5% (indicated higher on reports that the company may consider a breakup)Analyst comments:NAT +8.1% (upgraded to Buy at BTIG)SWTX +1.8% (initiated with a Buy at Goldman; initiated with an Overweight at JP Morgan)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:QGEN -18.9% (reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance; also announces departure of CEO Peer M. Schatz), DZSI -17.9%, DPZ -4.8%Select EU financial related names showing weakness:DB -2.5%, ING -2.2%, SAN -2.1%, BCS -1.4%, LYG -1.2%, HSBC -0.8%Other news:AMBA -12.4% (on report that the Department of Commerce will blacklist its customer Hikvision)CVM -4.4% (attributed to cautious Stat News report from Adam Feuerstein)AQN -3.3% (commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares)SDC -2.1% (rebounding from yesterday's 8% pullback; co commented after the bell on analyst initiations)BA -1.5% (WSJ article stating dispute between US and European regulators could further delay Boeing (BA) 737 Max 8's return to flight) JAZZ -1.3% (CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company)Analyst comments:PBYI -7.5% (downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman)NKTR -7.1% (downgraded to Sell from Buy at Goldman)FTSI -3% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)PTEN -2.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)HP -2% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)TERP -2% (downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays)ORCL -1.3% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies)JBHT -1.2% (downgraded to Neutral from Positive at Susquehanna)BEN -1% (initiated with Underperform at BMO Capital Markets)LOW -0.7% (coverage downgraded/assumed to Mkt Perform from Outperform at Raymond James)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb as Trade Concerns ResurfaceU.S. Treasuries are on track to reclaim a portion of yesterday's losses after Treasury futures rallied in overnight trade. The early part of the overnight session saw some selling, but futures notched their lows around midnight, and rallied from there. China's Commerce Ministry indicated that China is prepared to sign a partial trade deal and leave "the harder issues" to be negotiated next year, but that offer may no longer be valid after the U.S. added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Futures hit pre-market highs during the past hour after Bloomberg reported that the White House is focusing on limiting exposure to Chinese stocks in government pension funds. Keep in mind that a similar report circulated on September 27. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% at 98.91. Yield Check: 2-yr: -3 bps to 1.43% 3-yr: -5 bps to 1.37% 5-yr: -4 bps to 1.35% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.52% 30-yr: -3 bps to 2.02%News: China's September Caixin Services PMI decreased to 51.3 (expected 52.1) from 52.1. Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus totaled JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8. South Korea's August Current Account surplus narrowed to $5.27 bln from $6.95 bln. Australia's September NAB Business Confidence dipped to 0 from 1. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020. Germany's August Industrial Production increased 0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%). France's August trade deficit totaled EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) while August Current Account deficit totaled EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln). Italy's August Retail Sales decreased 0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%) but rose 0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%). Spain's August Industrial Production increased 1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%). Swiss September Unemployment Rate held at 2.3% (expected 2.1%). Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.5% to $51.99/bbl Gold: +0.4% to $1510.60/ozt Copper: -0.3% to $2.570/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.0986 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2217 USD/CNH: +0.2% to 7.1499 USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.87 Data out Today: 6:00 ET: September NFIB Small Business Optimism Index (actual 101.8; prior 103.1) 8:30 ET: September PPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.1%) and core PPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.3%) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $38 bln 3-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 13:35 ET: Chicago Fed President (FOMC voter) Charles Evans 13:50 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:03SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:QGEN -18.9% (reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance; also announces departure of CEO Peer M. Schatz), DZSI -17.9%, DPZ -4.8%Select EU financial related names showing weakness:DB -2.5%, ING -2.2%, SAN -2.1%, BCS -1.4%, LYG -1.2%, HSBC -0.8%Other news:AMBA -12.4% (on report that the Department of Commerce will blacklist its customer Hikvision)CVM -4.4% (attributed to cautious Stat News report from Adam Feuerstein)AQN -3.3% (commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares)SDC -2.1% (rebounding from yesterday's 8% pullback; co commented after the bell on analyst initiations)BA -1.5% (WSJ article stating dispute between US and European regulators could further delay Boeing (BA) 737 Max 8's return to flight) JAZZ -1.3% (CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company)Analyst comments:PBYI -7.5% (downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman)NKTR -7.1% (downgraded to Sell from Buy at Goldman)FTSI -3% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)PTEN -2.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)HP -2% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)TERP -2% (downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays)ORCL -1.3% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies)JBHT -1.2% (downgraded to Neutral from Positive at Susquehanna)BEN -1% (initiated with Underperform at BMO Capital Markets)LOW -0.7% (coverage downgraded/assumed to Mkt Perform from Outperform at Raymond James)08:02AMAG AMAG Pharma enters into settlement agreement with Caligan Partners (12.09 )As part of this agreement, the Board of Directors has appointed Paul Fonteyne, former CEO of Boehringer Ingelheim USA, and David Johnson, Partner and co-Founder of Caligan, to the AMAG Board, effective immediately. The appointment of Mr. Fonteyne and Mr. Johnson temporarily expands the size of the AMAG Board to 11 directors, 10 of whom are independent and four of whom have been appointed within the past six months. In addition, the company will include Mr. Fonteyne and Mr. Johnson as candidates in the company's proxy statement for the company's 2020 Annual Meeting. Following the 2020 Annual Meeting, the size of the Board will revert to nine directors.As part of this settlement agreement, Caligan has withdrawn its pending consent solicitation and agreed to a customary standstill, voting commitment, and related terms.07:59SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:HA +5.2% (reports Sept traffic +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity; raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM), HELE +4.9%Select metals/mining stocks trading higher:HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, MUX +2.5%, AU +2.4%, GDX +1.5%, GOLD +1.3%, GLD +0.8%, SLV +0.8%Other news:NIO +11% (provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr) ERIC +1.2% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) NOK +0.8% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) CE +0.5% (indicated higher on reports that the company may consider a breakup)Analyst comments:NAT +8.1% (upgraded to Buy at BTIG)SWTX +1.8% (initiated with a Buy at Goldman; initiated with an Overweight at JP Morgan)07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -16.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -43.50.U.S. equity futures are firmly lower, as negative-sounding trade developments weaken investor sentiment and dampen expectations for this week's trade talks. The S&P 500 futures trade 17 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.The U.S. Commerce Department added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist for "engaging in or enabling activities contrary to the foreign policy interests" of the U.S. Bloomberg followed up this morning indicating that the Trump administration is now considering limiting Chinese stocks in U.S. government pension funds.When asked if China would retaliate to the trade blacklist, Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman reportedly said, "stay tuned." As for trade talks, the South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese delegation could go home from the negotiations one day early as expectations are falling for any resolution to the trade dispute.In other matters, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. Fed Chair Powell is scheduled to speak at an annual luncheon at 1:50 p.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.90. WTI crude is down 1.4%, or $0.74, to $52.03/bbl.On the data front, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%) at 8:30 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.In U.S. Corporate news:Ambarella (AMBA 49.98, -7.24): -12.7% after its Chinese customer, Hikvision, was added to the U.S. trade blacklist. Domino's Pizza (DPZ 234.00, -8.21): -3.4% after missing earnings estimates. Domino's also announced a $1 billion share repurchase program.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. Japan's Nikkei +1.0%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.3%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex CLOSED, South Korea's Kospi +1.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.4%.In economic data:China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1)Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%),August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8)South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln)Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)In news:China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1).Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang.Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. STOXX Europe 600 -1.0%, Germany's DAX -1.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.2%, France's CAC 40 -1.0%, Italy's FTSE MIB -1.3%, Spain's IBEX 35 -1.3%.In economic data:Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%)France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln)Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%)Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%)Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)In news:German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.07:57DPZ Domino's Pizza -5% on Q3 miss, tempered long-term outlook (242.21 )07:44BA Boeing to invest $20 mln in Virgin Galactic (376.54 )The companies will work together to broaden commercial space access and transform global travel technologies. To date, Virgin Galactic has invested $1 billion of capital to build reusable human spaceflight systems designed to enable significantly more people to experience and utilize space. In July, the company announced its intent to become a publicly-listed entity via a business combination with Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp (IPOA). The Boeing investment will be in return for new shares in Virgin Galactic and is therefore contingent on the closing of that transaction, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019, and any such investment will be in the post-business combination company.07:35DPZ Domino's Pizza misses by $0.03, reports revs in-line, global retail sales increased 5.8%; announces $1 bln repurchase program, offers new new long-range outlook (242.21 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.05 per share, $0.03 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.08; revenues rose 4.4% year/year to $820.81 mln vs the $827.23 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Global retail sales increased 5.8% in the third quarter, or 7.5% without the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. U.S. same store sales grew 2.4% during the quarter versus the prior year quarter, continuing the positive sales momentum in the company's U.S. business. The international division also posted positive results, with same store sales growth of 1.7% during the quarter.On October 4, the company's Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.0 bln of the company's common stock. This repurchase program replaces the remaining availability of approximately $53.6 mln under the company's existing $750.0 mln share repurchase program.The company announced a new long-range outlook for certain business metrics. This new two- to three-year outlook replaces the company's prior three- to five-year outlook. Global retail sales growth +7-10% (Previously saw +8-12% over 3-5 years)U.S. same store sales growth +2-5% (Previously saw +3-6% over 3-5 years)International same store sales growth +1-4% (Previously saw +3-6% over 3-5 years)Global net store growth +6-8% (Unchanged from prior 3-5 year outlook)07:32WIRES On The WiresANSYS (ANSS) is creating a powerful, design-to-validation workflow for electric machines through an agreement with Motor Design Limited to distribute Motor-CAD. By combining the leading electric motor design software tool with ANSYS' multiphysics analysis capabilities, ANSYS is extending simulation into the design phase of the electric machine product lifecycle.Plug Power Inc. (PLUG), a leading provider of hydrogen engines and fueling solutions enabling e-mobility, has partnered with German specialty vehicle manufacturer MULAG to bring a new generation of hydrogen fuel cell-powered electric cargo tow tractors to Germany's Hamburg Airport. To kick off the initiative, the two companies joined forces to build a fuel cell-powered vehicle, which ran alongside the airport's existing ground support equipment fleet for a period of evaluation and service testing, and concluded successfully.Ebix, Inc. (EBIX), a leading international supplier of On-Demand software and E-commerce services to the insurance, financial, healthcare and e-learning industries today announced that its EbixCash Indian subsidiary has signed agreements with international travel exchanges to deliver millions of airline segments annually for a per segment fee, over a 5-year period, beginning immediately. As a part of this agreement, EbixCash collected a cumulative advance of $25 million from the international travel exchanges, a few days back.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -1.1%, FTSE -0.2%, CAC -1.0%Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.In economic data: Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%) France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln) Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%) Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%) Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -1.0% Germany's DAX: -1.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.2% France's CAC 40: -1.0% Italy's FTSE MIB: -1.3% Spain's IBEX 35: -1.3%---FX---EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0988 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2216 USD/CHF: -0.3% to 0.991507:15S&P futures vs fair value: -17.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.07:05WIRES On The WiresEli Lilly (LLY) announced that it will present new data for Taltz (ixekizumab), Olumiant (baricitinib), and mirikizumab at the 28th annual European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) Congress taking place Oct. 9-13 in Madrid, Spain. The research being highlighted at this year's meeting reinforces Lilly's commitment to developing treatments for individuals living with dermatological conditions such as psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, atopic dermatitis, and alopecia areata.Navigant Consulting (NCI) and eIQ Mobility, Inc. today announced they have entered into a strategic alliance to provide turnkey electric vehicle fleet as a service (eFaaS) solutions to clients across North America and Europe.Evoqua Water Technologies (AQUA) announced a majority investment position in San Diego-based Frontier Water Systems, LLC. Frontier is a pioneer in the development of patented, engineered equipment packages for high-rate treatment and removal of selenium, nitrate, and other metals from complex waste streams.Aurora Cannabis (ACB) and CTT Pharmaceutical Holdings, Inc. announced today the successful commercialization of CTT's cannabinoid-infused sublingual wafers.Sutro Biopharma (STRO) has achieved a milestone under its collaboration and license agreement with the healthcare division of Merck KGaA (MKKGY), Darmstadt, Germany and is entitled to receive a milestone payment. The milestone was achieved upon the designation by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany of an undisclosed bispecific antibody drug conjugate as a clinical development candidate with approval to advance to IND-enabling studies. AVROBIO (AVRO) announced that the first patient has been dosed in the company's AVR-RD-04 investigational gene therapy program for cystinosis, a devastating lysosomal storage disease, in an ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial sponsored by academic collaborators at the University of California San Diego. The gene therapy is derived from the patient's own hematopoietic stem cells, which are genetically modified to produce functional cystinosin, a crucial protein that patients with cystinosis lack.07:02IRMD iRadimed receives close-out letter from the FDA resolving all issues cited in the August 2014 warning letter (22.36 )The company does not expect a significant impact to its business or financial performance resulting from the close-out letter.07:01SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:NIO +9%, HA +5.2%, HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, NAT +3.2%, AU +1.5%, GDX +1.4%, MUX +1.3%, GOLD +0.9%, CE +0.6%, GLD +0.6%, SLV +0.6%Gapping down:QGEN -19.1%, DZSI -17.9%, AMBA -10%, AQN -3.3%, DB -3.2%, BA -2%, MT -2%, ING -2%, JAZZ -1.3%, NVDA -1.3%, ORCL -1.1%, BEN -1%, SDC -1%, AAL -0.9%07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +1.0%, Hang Seng +0.3%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1). Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.In economic data: China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1) Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8) South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln) Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.0% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.3% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: CLOSED South Korea's Kospi: +1.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.4%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 7.1424 USD/INR: +0.3% to 71.1606:57GMS GMS names Scott M. Deakin CFO effective October 21 (28.03 )Lynn Ross, who has served as the company's Interim Chief Financial Officer, will continue in her role as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. Mr. Deakin most recently served as the President of the Thermal Acoustical Solutions segment of Lydall (LDL), a publicly-traded global manufacturer of specialty engineered products, where he led strategy development and was accountable for the segment's profitable operations.06:51HELE Helen of Troy beats by $0.28, beats on revs; raises FY20 EPS and revenue guidance (159.21 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $2.24 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.28 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.96; revenues rose 5.2% year/year to $414 mln vs the $390.55 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues raised guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $8.50-8.70 from $8.40-8.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $8.55 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $1.61-1.64 bln from $1.59-1.62 bln vs. $1.61 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Guidance Details: Housewares net sales growth of 13% to 15%, compared to the prior expectation of 6% to 8%; Health & Home net sales decline in the low-single digits, compared to the prior expectation of net sales growth of 2% to 3%; and Beauty net sales growth in the low-single digits, compared to the prior expectation of a net sales decline in the low-single digits.Julien R. Mininberg, Chief Executive Officer, stated: "We are pleased with our second quarter financial performance, which delivered consolidated core business sales growth of 5.7% and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 13.1%, both ahead of our expectations. During the quarter, we improved our consolidated operating margin, while simultaneously increasing our growth investments compared to our original outlook at the beginning of the year. These growth investments are generating healthy results and our digital initiatives continue to pay dividends, illustrated by online sales growth of 25%, which now represents 24% of total sales in the quarter."06:14SSNLF Samsung sees Q3 sales of KRW 61-63 tln and Q3 operating profit of KRW 7.6-7.8 tln (86.00 )06:13FXI Shanghai ... +0.3%06:13S&P futures vs fair value: -9.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -18.00.06:13European MarketsFTSE...7,184.74...-12.60...-0.20%. DAX...12,014.05...-83.10...-0.70%.06:13Asian MarketsNikkei...21,587.78...+212.50...+1.00%. Hang Seng...25,893.40...+72.40...+0.30%.06:09WIRES On The WiresNokia (NOK) is launching Quillion, a new family of chipsets that will power next-generation massive scale access networks. Leveraging Nokia's extensive expertise, the Quillion chipset will allow operators to easily introduce 10G PON in their fiber networks and to serve more users from ultra-high-speed G.fast access nodes.Prevail Therapeutics Inc. (PRVL) and Lonza (SWX: LONN) announced that the companies have entered into a strategic collaboration. Lonza and Prevail have been working together since 2018, with an initial focus on process development, towards the GMP manufacturing of Prevail's two lead programs, PR001 and PR006. Under this collaboration, focused on the baculovirus/Sf9 production system for gene therapies, Lonza will manufacture Prevail's pipeline of novel AAV-based gene therapy programs for patients with neurodegenerative diseases at its gene therapy center of excellence in Houston, TX.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) announced that the New Drug Application (NDA) for filgotinib, an investigational, oral, selective JAK1 inhibitor for the treatment of adults with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been submitted to the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW).Litrinium, Inc., a privately held semiconductor company based in Orange County, California, announced that on September 23rd, 2019, the United States District Court for the Central District of California dismissed MACOM's (MTSI) claims against Litrinium (case number 8:19-cv-00220), giving MACOM 20 days to amend its complaint. Rather than amend, MACOM voluntarily dismissed its lawsuit against Litrinium on October 4, 2019. Details of the dismissal are publicly available.MediciNova (MNOV) announced that it has received a Notice of Allowance from the Japan Patent Office for a pending patent application which covers MN-001 (tipelukast) and MN-002 (a major metabolite of MN-001) for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).06:07TWI Titan Intl sells stake in Wheels India (2.61 )Co announced that on October 3, 2019, through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, the company completed the sale of shares of Wheels India in on-market trades on the National Stock Exchange of India. The sale reduces the company's indirect ownership interest in Wheels India from ~34.2% of the outstanding shares of Wheels India to ~23.8%. The company received net proceeds from the on-market trades of ~$19 million, net of charges, discounts and commissions, which Titan expects to use to pay down outstanding indebtedness. Wheels India is one of the largest global steel wheel manufacturers.06:05ASUR Asure Software to sell its Workspace Management business to FM:Systems in an asset and equity transaction valued at $120 mln (6.78 )06:04HMC Honda Motor acquires California-based Drivemode; terms not disclosed (25.58 )Drivemode is a startup that develops and operates smartphone-based connected services, excelling in multiple areas such as the development of the user interface and application as well as cloud-based technologies. Honda R&D and Drivemode have been collaborating and conducting joint development activities since 2015 through the Honda Xcelerator program, an open innovation program Honda has been pursuing on a global basis.06:02OMAB Grupo Aeroportuario reports that September passenger traffic increased 6.2% yr/yr (48.15 )Domestic traffic increased 5.9%, and international traffic increased 8.8%. The Monterrey (+2.9%), Ciudad Juarez (+14.3%), and Culiacan (+8.7%) airports contributed most to traffic growth.06:02SPY Latest on China trade dispute: Commerce Department confirms it adds 28 Chinese organizations to its entity list and China signals it will retaliate; President Trump said there is a "good possibility" of trade deal with China, but also notes planned tariff rate increase on October 15 (293.08 )"Today, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the Department of Commerce announced that it will add 28 Chinese governmental and commercial organizations to the Entity List for engaging in or enabling activities contrary to the foreign policy interests of the United States. This action constricts the export of items subject to the Export Administration Regulations to entities that have been implicated in human rights violations and abuses in China's campaign targeting Uighurs and other predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region." Commerce Department Release (related stocks: AMBA, LITE, FNSR, MU, QCOM).China has signaled it will retaliate to this action.President Trump made the following comments during a press conference last night:There is a "good possibility" of a trade deal with China, but he wants a big deal, not a partial deal.Tariffs will go up to 30% from 25% on October 15; can go higher than that, but not looking to do that right now (he is referring to the $250 bln tranche).He hopes there is a humane solution in Hong Kong.Briefing.com note: This isn't necessarily "new" news, as the president has always suggested a trade deal with China is a possibility if it is a good deal for the U.S.China will halt NBA broadcasts following tweet showing support for Hong Kong protests (related stocks: TCEHY, NKE).See 10/7 16:44 & 16:4606:02AZZ AZZ to reschedule fiscal year 2020 second quarter earnings release to allow the company additional time to complete the review of its Form 10-Q (43.01 )The conference call and live webcast was previously scheduled for Tuesday, October 8 at 11:00 a.m. ET. The company will issue a press release announcing the specific date and time of the rescheduled fiscal year 2020 second quarter earnings call upon completion of this review.06:01NIO NIO provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr (1.55 )NIO delivered 4,799 vehicles in the third quarter, increasing 35.1% from the second quarter and exceeding the middle point of the company's guidance range significantly by 499 vehicles, or 11.6%. The deliveries consisted of 4,196 ES6s, the company's 5-seater high-performance premium electric SUV, and 603 ES8s, the company's 7-seater high-performance premium electric SUV and its 6-seater variant. Deliveries in September were 2,019 vehicles, including 1,726 ES6s and 293 ES8s. As of September 30, 2019, aggregate deliveries of the company's ES6 and ES8 reached 23,689 vehicles, of which 12,341 vehicles were delivered in 2019."September deliveries in particular were positively impacted by expedited shipments ahead of China's national day holiday. In addition to the solid sequential improvement in our delivery numbers, we have seen accelerated growth of our order backlog since September supported by a more expansive sales network."06:01NVS Novartis AG receives FDA approval for Beovu, offering wet AMD patients vision gains and greater fluid reductions vs aflibercept (86.22 )Co announced that the FDA approved Beov injection, also known as RTH258 for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration. Beovu is the first FDA approved anti-VEGF to offer both greater fluid resolution versus aflibercept and the ability to maintain eligible wet AMD patients on a three-month dosing interval immediately after a three-month loading phase with uncompromised efficacy.06:01LDNXF London Stock Exchange: Hong Kong Exchange confirms it will not proceed with offer for London Stock Exchange (90.86 )06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets mixed; trade tensions heat up after US blacklists 28 Chinese entitiesThe global equity markets are mixed this morning, which essentially rhymes with the tone that the market has seen with the back and forth speculation of where trade talks with China are going. The latest development was a report that the US will blacklist 28 Chinese companies, which caused China to declare a retaliation. S&P Futures are trading around the 2930 area. After putting in a low of 2927.75, the market has once again signaled this area as a key support zone. The market capped out at 2950.00, which is a key resistance area.In Asia, both China and Hong Kong returned to action. Chinese markets traded higher all day, but in a relatively narrow range, before closing up 0.3%. The Shanghai held a bid following a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI, coming in at 51.3, compared to consensus of 52.1. The disappointing print led to speculation of stimulus. The Nikkei finished the day 1% stronger following a drop in the yen against the dollar. The currency's weakness led to a strength in export stocks, with Tech names leading the way following better than expected results from Samsung.In Europe, the major bourses are mostly lower. These markets opened higher but the positive sentiment waned. Germany posted better than expected Industrial Production for August, rising 0.3%, beating expectations for a fall of 0.2%. There are also reports that Brexit talks are breaking down, which has weakened the British Pound. Like in Japan, the weaker currency has helped buoy the FTSE, which is unchanged on the day.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -5.010 yr Note: 1.54%USD/JPY: 107.10 -0.15EUR/USD: 1.0987 +0.0016Europe: FTSE 0.0% DAX -0.5% CAC -0.5%Asia: Hang Seng +0.3% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +1.0%Gold (1504.50 +0.10) Silver (17.55 +0.01) Crude (52.55 -0.20)18:07AZUL Azul S.A. reports Sept passenger traffic (RPKs) increased 31.0% yr/yr on a capacity increase of 30.8%, resulting in a load factor of 83.3% (36.97 -0.81)In the third quarter, consolidated RPKs increased 30.7% on a capacity increase of 29.3% year over year.18:03SBLK Star Bulk Carriers filed for ~1.54 mln share offering by selling shareholder Delphin Holdings (10.45 -0.02)17:27SDC SmileDirectClub offers statement on today's set of analyst initiations (13.49 -1.23)"Today's market reports reinforce the value of our business model, unit economics and mission to transform smiles through safe, affordable and consumer-first technology to an addressable market of approximately 500 million people worldwide. We remain focused on long term shareholder value - the next 12, 24, 36 months and beyond. Our entrance into the public market allows us to reinvest in innovation, process improvements, international growth and customer experience. Our commitment to our 5,500 team members, our customers and our mission is stronger than ever."17:15JAZZ Jazz Pharma CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company (145.59 -0.26)Mr. Young's resignation is not due to any disagreement relating to the Company's operations, financial statements, internal controls, auditors, policies or practices. The Company expects that Mr. Young will continue as a consultant to the Company during a transition period following the Resignation Date to assist with the preparation and filing of the Company's next Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the transition of his duties and responsibilities.17:10DZSI DASAN Zhone Technologies resumes trade lower following downside guidance (9.62 +0.23)Sees Q3 revs $70-72 mln (prior guidance $88-94 mln) vs $91.2 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus reflecting the recent industry wide trends in reduced carrier spend combined with temporary postponements in capital spending for Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) project at selected DZS customers."Although our preliminary Q3 results were lower than anticipated due to various factors, including softer global telco wireline carrier spending in the second half of 2019, we continue to be very encouraged by the progress we are making on our 5G growth initiatives... Looking towards the fiscal year 2020, we are still on track for strong contributions from our 5G deployments, resulting in growth and expanded EBITDA margins."17:08AEM Agnico-Eagle Mines reports achievement of commercial production at Amarug satellite deposit and offers production updates (54.02 -0.31)Commercial production was achieved at the company's Amaruq satellite deposit at the Meadowbank Complex on September 30. The 100% owned Amaruq satellite deposit is located approx. 50 km northwest of the Meadowbank mine, which in turn is located approx. 110 km by road north of Baker Lake in the Kivalliq District of Nunavut, Canada. Development of the Amaruq project was approved in February 2017 by the company's Board of Directors as a satellite deposit to supply ore to the existing Meadowbank mill.Amaruq ore processing commenced in August 2019 using low-grade stockpiles. In the third quarter of 2019, production at the Meadowbank Complex totaled 48,869 ounces of gold, which included 13,588 ounces from Meadowbank and pre-commercial payable gold production at Amaruq of 35,281 ounces, compared to pre-commercial production guidance of 40,000 gold ounces. During the third quarter, mining activities at Amaruq continued to be affected by slower than expected dewatering activities. Given the slower than expected ramp up of mining activities, the company took the opportunity to accelerate planned maintenance to the milling and crushing circuits, which was originally scheduled for 2020. As a result, the mill was temporarily shut down in mid-September and is expected to restart on or about October 14.As a result, production guidance at the Meadowbank Complex for 2019 is now anticipated to be 200,000 ounces of gold (previous forecast of 230,000 ounces). Despite the lower forecast for the Meadowbank Complex, the company's FY19 production guidance of 1.75 mln ounces of gold remains unchanged.17:03ATR AptarGroup to acquire 49% equity interest in BTY, a Chinese color cosmetics packaging manufacturer (116.56 -0.77)AptarGroup has signed an agreement to acquire a 49% equity interest in three related BTY companies: Suzhou Hsing Kwang, Suqian Hsing Kwang, and Suzhou BTY, collectively referred to as BTY. The BTY entities are Chinese manufacturers of high-quality, decorative metal components, metal-plastic sub-assemblies, and complete color cosmetics packaging solutions for the beauty industry. Financial details will be disclosed upon successful completion of the transaction. The transaction is expected to close by the end of 2019, and the purchase will be funded with available cash on hand.16:38BRY Berry Petroleum reaffirms 2019 annual production and capital spending guidance (9.28 -0.05)BRY reaffirms its full year production and capital spending guidance for 2019. Co expects production to be at the mid-point of its original guidance of 28,000-31,000 boe/day and expects capital spending to be at mid-point of $195-$225 mln.Preliminary total company production for the third quarter ended September 30, 2019 averaged 29,600 boe/d with the month of September averaging 31,700 boe/d, compared to June's average of 27,400. The month of September production is nearly 88% oil, an increase from 86% in 2Q19.This improvement is primarily attributed to BRY'ss capital deployment to grow its California production. Preliminary California production, consisting of 100% Brent-based oil, for the quarter is approximately 22,900 bbl/d, an increase of 10.4% compared with last quarter and 17.7% with 3Q18.16:35HA Hawaiian Holdings reports Sept traffic (revenue passenger miles) +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity (available seat miles); raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM (25.21 -0.49)Q3 update: Total traffic increased 2.7 percent on a decrease of 0.4 percent in capacity. Load factor increased 2.7 points to 87.8 percent. Company also raised its estimates for operating revenue per ASM due to better than expected yields in long-haul markets, particularly in its International entity to down 0.5% - up 0.5% from down 1.5-4.5%; narrowed its estimates for operating cost per ASM excluding fuel and non-recurring items; narrowed its estimates for gallons of jet fuel consumed; and lowered its estimates for economic fuel cost per gallon.16:34ACGL Arch Capital estimates $65-75 mln of catastrophe losses related to third quarter events (41.63 -0.23)Arch Capital expects to report third quarter 2019 pre-tax catastrophe losses of approx. $65-75 mln, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily from Hurricane Dorian and Typhoon Faxai. At this time, there are significant uncertainties surrounding the scope of damage for these events, as well as the other global events. The company's estimate for these events is based on currently available information; actual losses from these events may vary materially from the estimates due to the inherent uncertainties in making such determinations. The loss estimates exclude the operations of Watford Holdings. Pursuant to GAAP, the company consolidates the results of Watford in its financial statements, although it only owns approx. 11% of Watford's outstanding common equity.16:22WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD16:20QGEN Qiagen also announces CEO transition; CEO Peer M. Schatz to depart to pursue new opportunities (32.06 -0.29)Mr. Schatz, CEO, has notified the company that, after 27 years at QIAGEN, he has decided to step down as CEO and Chairman of the Management Board. He will remain with QIAGEN as Special Advisor to the Supervisory Board and transition into this role in the coming weeks. The Supervisory Board will now start a search for a permanent CEO. In the meantime, Thierry Bernard, SVP, Head of Molecular Diagnostics Business Area, will now act as interim CEO and work in tandem with Roland Sackers, CFO.16:11STL Sterling Bancorp to acquire $843 mln portfolio of middle market commercial equipment finance loans/leases from Santander Bank NA (SAN); expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2019 (19.34 -0.13)As of September 30, 2019, the balance of loans and leases outstanding to be acquired was $843 million. The portfolio has a weighted average tax-equivalent yield of approximately 4.3% and consists mainly of fixed rate loans and leases. The portfolio will be integrated into Sterling's established national Equipment Finance platform, resulting in a pro forma combined portfolio of approximately $2 billion in total loans and leases outstanding.16:09ILMN Illumina partners with QIAGEN (QGEN) to deliver in-vitro diagnostic tests (301.63 -0.71)IlLMN and QGEN announce a 15-year partnership intended to broaden the availability and use of NGS-based IVD kits, including companion diagnostics, for patient management.The agreement grants QGEN non-exclusive rights to develop and globally commercialize IVD kits to be used together with Illumina's MiSeq Dx and NextSeq 550Dx Systems.The agreement also includes rights for expansion of the partnership on future Illumina diagnostic systems. Both partners are also exploring opportunities for QIAGEN to develop and market companion diagnostics based on ILMN's TruSight Oncology assays that enable comprehensive genomic profiling of tumor samples in immunotherapy. ILMN and QGEN will cooperate to commercialize a menu of clinically validated workflows that combine QGEN's proprietary content and bioinformatics solutions. The partnership will initially focus on commercializing oncology IVD kits to support patient management and may expand in the future to include additional clinical diagnostic fields, such as cardiology, hereditary diseases, infectious diseases, as well as inflammatory and autoimmune diseases.16:08QGEN Qiagen reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance (32.06 -0.29)Reaffirms Q3 adj. EPS $0.35-0.36 vs $0.36 S&P Capital IQ Consensus Estimate; total sales +3% ex-FX vs. +4-5% prior outlook, mainly due to significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China. Sales grew 6% ex-China.Initiatives announced to free up resources to invest in best growth opportunities, in particular new partnership with Illumina in NGS (next-generation sequencing) clinical decision-making.16:06RRGB Red Robin Gourmet names David Pace as Board Chairman; Pattye Moore to retire as Board Chair November 1, 2019 (32.73 -0.08)Mr. Pace was appointed to Red Robin's Board on August 6, 2019 as part of a refreshment that resulted in the addition of three new, independent directors. Mr. Pace most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Jamba Juice.16:02AQN Algonquin Power & Utilities commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares (14.06 +0.12)The net proceeds from the Offering will be used to partially finance certain of the Company's previously-announced acquisitions, to partially finance the Company's renewable development growth projects, and for general corporate purposes.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 5:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 18013 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 08-Oct-19 17:00 ET16:38X U.S. Steel CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure (11.03 +0.11)Co announces that Kevin Bradley has informed the company of his intention to resign as CFO, effective Nov. 4. Bradley will remain with the company as Exec VP and Adviser to the CEO through year-end. Christine (Christie) Breves, currently Senior VP, Manufacturing Support and Chief Supply Chain Officer will become CFO. Co also announces that it is implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure to accelerate its strategic transformation and better serve its customers, to be effective Jan. 1, 2020. These initiatives reduce costs and more closely align US Steel's corporate structure with the co's previously announced strategic investments in leading technology and advanced manufacturing, including the recently announced purchase of a minority interest in Big River Steel.Scott Buckiso, currently Senior VP Automotive Solutions, has been named Chief Manufacturing Officer North American Flat-rolled (NAFR) segment. Scott will lead all NAFR production facility activities with a focus on safety, quality, delivery, and cost for customers and stockholders. Scott continues to be responsible for implementing U. S. Steel's advanced high strength steel coating line at the PRO-TEC joint venture and will assume responsibility for the execution of the remaining strategic projects that will create a world-class hot strip mill at the Gary Works facility. Scott will also assume leadership for the co's logistics services organization.Co also announces other management changes.New structure aligns US Steel around operational, commercial and technological excellence, allowing the co to accelerate its strategy. Enhanced operating model positions co to deliver approx $200 mln of annual fixed cost savings by 2022.16:24WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 fell 1.6% on Tuesday following a series of trade developments that exacerbated concerns about upcoming trade talks and global growth prospects. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-1.2%), Nasdaq Composite (-1.7%), and Russell 2000 (-1.7%) also posted sizable losses to close near session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department placed 28 more Chinese firms on its Entity List for their role in fostering violations of human rights against a Muslim minority in China. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied the allegations and warned about possible retaliation, with a report suggesting China could even leave this week's discussions one day early.Selling pressure appeared to level off after China's Global Times reported that China remains sincere in reaching a comprehensive deal and intends on proceeding "calmly." Stocks then cut losses after Fed Chair Powell said the Fed plans on expanding its balance sheet, but quickly faded into the close on news that the U.S. will impose visa bans on Chinese officials linked to the human rights abuses.All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower in a risk-off session. Nine sectors lost at least 1.0%, including a 2.0% drop in the financials sector. The real estate sector (-0.5%) declined the least.A disappointing outcome in trade talks was likely being priced in but also the likelihood that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15, as planned. In other words, the trade uncertainty continued to dampen the growth outlook for the economy and corporate earnings.Many of the China-sensitive semiconductor stocks, including Ambarella (AMBA 51.79, -5.43, -9.5%), underperformed as many of these companies derive a sizable portion of their revenue from China. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index dropped 3.1% on Tuesday.U.S. Treasuries ended a volatile session on a higher note amid growth concerns and an unexpected decline in producer prices for September. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield declined two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 99.13. WTI crude declined 0.3%, or $0.13, to $52.66/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Minutes from the FOMC's September meeting, the JOLTS - Job Openings report for August, the Wholesale Inventories report for August, and the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index on Wednesday.Nasdaq Composite +17.9% YTDS&P 500 +15.1% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +12.2% YTDRussell 2000 +9.2% YTD16:19DBVT DBV Technologies launches proposed global offering of ordinary shares of up to $125 mln (7.35 -0.87)16:17IP Int'l Paper raises quarterly dividend by 2.5% to $0.5125, new dividend yield is 5.3% (38.42 -0.69)16:17JRVR James River Group delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability (48.94 -1.10)All insurance policies related to this customer are included in the Company's commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, and a majority of the insurance policies were due to expire on February 29, 2020. "This account has not met our expectations for profitability, and we think it best to terminate the underwriting relationship as of year end."Additionally, the co announced two key items that will impact Q3 results: Pre-tax, adverse development of between $55 and $60 million, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily related to its commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, for the 2016 and 2017 underwriting years. The remainder of these losses, less than $10 million, relate to prior underwriting years in its Casualty Reinsurance segment. Growth of 72% in its Core (Non-Commercial Auto) Excess and Surplus Lines Gross Written Premium versus the prior year quarter.16:14CNS Cohen & Steers reports preliminary assets under management of $70.8 bln as of September 30, an increase of $1.3 bln from August 31 (53.71 +0.41)The increase in assets under management was due to market appreciation of $931 mln and net inflows of $613 mln, partially offset by distributions of $275 mln.16:08LAND Gladstone Land increases monthly distribution to $0.0446/share from $0.04455/share (11.96 +0.16)16:07LEVI Levi Strauss beats by $0.03, revs inline, reaffirms FY19 guidance (19.39 -0.37)Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.31 per share, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.28; revenues rose 4.3% year/year to $1.45 bln vs the $1.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Americas region was down 3%, Europe was up 18% on constant currency basis, Asia was up 12%, Direct-to-Consumer increased 12%, and women's category increased 12%.Gross margin was 53.0% compared with 53.2% in the same quarter of 2018, as the benefits of direct-to-consumer and international growth, as well as price increases the company initiated, were more than offset by unfavorable currency effects of 60 basis points and investment in product.Reaffirms 2019 Guidance: Co reaffirms FY19 guidance, expects constant currency net revenue growth of 5.5-6.0% and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in the range of 10 bps.Expects gross margin expansion of 40-60 bps.Capital expenditures of $190-$200 mln with nearly 100 new company operated stores.16:06GAIN Gladstone Investments will pay supplemental distribution of $0.09 per share in December 2019 (12.25 0.00)15:55TALKX Market Briefing: Tracking the headlines for a risk-off moveA really disappointing finish to the day is unfolding, largely because of how the day started, which is to say that the market is being taken down by another headline that will seemingly make it difficult for U.S. and China negotiators to reach any deal of consequence this week.The latest news item was a report that the U.S. has implemented a visa ban for Chinese officials linked to human rights abuses in Xinjiang. That news is a bookend to the peculiarly timed news last night that the Department of Commerce placed 28 Chinese government and commercial firms on its entity list for their role in fostering human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.Neither of these developments is being held out as a negotiating tactic by the Trump Administration, yet the market is reading between the headlines and seeing a diplomatic rift that could stand in the way of constructive trade dealings this week.The end result is a risk-off move driven by disappointment that the trade uncertainty is a negative for economic growth and earnings prospects.The major indices are at, or near, their worst levels of the day just ahead of the closing bell.15:54SPY Stocks retreating toward session lows in the final minutes of trade (288.97 -4.11)S&P 500 -1.4%, Nasdaq 100 -1.4%, DJIA -1.1%15:39SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Domino's Pizza (DPZ) sees volatility following third quarter earnings -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersDPZ (253.74 +4.76%): Reported Q3 earnings. Co missed consensus for EPS on in-line revs, which rose +4.4% yr/yr to $820.81 mln on global retail sales growth of +5.8%, US same store sales growth of +2.4%, and international same store sales growth of +1.7%. Authorized a new $1.0 bln common share repurchase program. Replaced its prior 3-5 year outlook with a new 2-3 year outlook, calling for +7-10% global retail sales growth over the 2-3 year span. Co noted during its earnings call that the decrease in its outlook range is connected to limits to visibility caused by evolving market conditions, including from the conditions surrounding new entrants in the quick service delivery segment. The stock has covered a wide range today, sinking as much as 6% before rallying to its highest levels since July, supported by conference call commentary. AAL (26.54 +2.73%): Sees moderate strength, after opening lower, alongside a selection of airline peers, led by Hawaiian Holdings (HA) following its upside September traffic stats and revisions to certain Q3 metrics. MSI (171.63 +2.29%): Makes gains on above average volume, outperforming the broader tech sector; Reuters, citing analyst commentary, noted that co's Avigilon unit is viewed as a potential beneficiary of yesterday's blacklisting of Hikvision and other sector players.Large Cap LosersSE (28.12 -7.94%): Sells down to four-month lows on more than 2x average volume and heavier than usual options volume. In recent events, co is responsible, notes Bloomberg, for overseeing the distribution of Activision Blizzard (ATVI) and Tencent's (TCEHY) Call of Duty: Mobile in the Southeast Asia region; the game went live at the start of the month and reportedly has now reached 100 mln downloads.WAT (210.31 -5.89%): Medical devices stocks underperform amid the lagging healthcare sector, led lower by research and diagnostics company Qiagen (QGEN) following its warning of downside Q3 sales resulting from weakness in China. The stock moved to its lowest levels in more than a month on above average volume. (Related: BSX, TMO...)TEAM (125.71 -5.42%): Underperforms on above average volume, returning portions of an +8% rally accumulated during the prior three sessions.15:25COMDX Energy settlement pricesNov Crude Oil futures fell $0.12 (-0.2%) to $52.63/barrel Nov Natural Gas settled $0.015 lower (-0.7%) at $2.288/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.0115 higher (0.7%) at $1.5809/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.0068 higher (0.4%) at $1.9101/gallon15:18COMDX Metals settlement pricesDec gold settled today's session down $1.00 (0.1%) at $1503.90/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.16 higher (0.9%) at $17.70/oz Dec copper settled $0.01 lower (0.0%) at $2.5685/lb15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Endure Volatile Session as China Remains in FocusU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a higher note after a volatile finish to the session. Treasuries started the cash session on a firmly higher note after yesterday's announcement from the White House about the blacklisting of 28 Chinese companies was viewed as a negative sign ahead of trade talks scheduled for the end of this week in Washington. On a related note, South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese delegation might return home a day earlier than originally planned. The renewed sense of caution provided an opening boost, but the market only saw limited follow-through buying. Treasuries edged to highs in mid-morning trade, but backed off those levels going into the afternoon, aided in part by a rebound in equities. The pullback deepened shortly after the completion of today's $38 bln 3-yr Treasury note auction, which was met with tepid demand. The offering drew a high yield of 1.413%, which tailed the when-issued yield by 0.4 bps while the bid-to-cover ratio (2.43x) and indirect takedown (45.8%) were below average. The market endured a volatile finish to the day. A dip to fresh lows took place after Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, indicated once again that the Federal Reserve plans to increase the size of its balance sheet, but Treasuries lurched off their lows in response to a Bloomberg report that the U.S. imposed visa bans on Chinese officials linked to detention centers in Xinjiang. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 99.18. Yield Check: 2-yr: -4 bps to 1.42% 3-yr: -5 bps to 1.37% 5-yr: -3 bps to 1.36% 10-yr: -2 bps to 1.54% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.04%News: The New York Fed accepted total bids of $37.50 bln in today's repurchase operation, below the $75 bln maximum. The New York Fed also conducted a 14-day term repurchase operation, accepting total bids of $38.85 bln, below the $45 bln limit. Newly minted IMF Managing Director, Kristalina Georgieva, said that a "synchronized policy response" may be needed if global economic growth continued decelerating. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said he expects 2.0% GDP growth in 2020. The FOMC voter added that downside risks to the economy are stronger than upside risks, observing that business investment has been on the weak side. Bloomberg reported that the White House is focusing on limiting exposure to Chinese stocks in government pension funds. A similar report made the rounds on September 27. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020. The Italian parliament voted in favor of reducing the number of senators to 200 from 315 while the number of MPs will be lowered to 400 from 630. Greece reopened EUR1.50 bln worth of 10-yr debt to very strong demand. China's September Caixin Services PMI decreased to 51.3 (expected 52.1) from 52.1. Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%) and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8. Germany's August Industrial Production increased 0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%). Italy's August Retail Sales decreased 0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%) but rose 0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%). Spain's August Industrial Production increased 1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%). Swiss September Unemployment Rate held at 2.3% (expected 2.1%). Today's Data: The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month. The index for final demand declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%). The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index decreased to 101.8 in September from 103.1 in August. $38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.413% (2.303%). Bid-to-cover: 2.43 (2.50). Indirect bid: 45.8% (46.9%). Direct bid: 16.9% (14.7%). Commodities: WTI crude: -0.3% to $52.66/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1503.90/ozt Copper: -0.3% to $2.57/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.0955 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2215 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1565 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 107.12 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior 8.1%) 10:00 ET: August Wholesale Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.4%; prior 0.2%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $24 bln 10-yr Treasury note reopening results Fed Speakers: 17:00 ET (tonight): Minneapolis Fed President (non-voter) Neel Kashkari 11:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell 11:00 ET: Kansas City Fed President (FOMC voter) Esther George15:09SUMRX Earnings out this afternoon: LEVIThis afternoon: LEVI None scheduled for tomorrow morning14:50TALKX Market Briefing: Powell speech taken in rebound strideFed Chair Powell is giving a speech at the NABE Annual Meeting in Denver today. The main topic of the speech is integrating the 'Old' and 'New' economies, yet he wrapped things up with some thoughts on the Fed's policy course.Key takeaways in that regard include:An acknowledgment that the time is upon us to increase the Fed's securities holdings to maintain an appropriate level of reserves in order to keep volatility in the wholesale funding markets in check. Mr. Powell was quick to note that the impending growth of its balance sheet "...should in no way be confused with the large-scale asset purchases programs that we deployed after the financial crisis."Translation: Don't think of this as a "QE" operation. It is geared only to ensure that there is an appropriate level of reserves to meet cash needs. The purchases will be concentrated in T-bills and should not materially affect the stance of monetary policy.He again highlighted risks to the favorable outlook, calling attention to weaker growth around the world, uncertainties surrounding trade, Brexit, and other issues.Mr. Powell stressed that the Fed will be data dependent in its decision-making process and that policy is not on a preset course. He added, though, that the Fed will act as appropriate to sustain the expansion and meet its dual mandate.By and large, there were no real policy surprises in the speech. The stock market, however, might have liked the idea that he didn't take the opportunity to give a telltale hint that a rate cut in October is unlikely to happen. He left the door open there in reiterating the Fed's data-dependent nature.The stock market, which was in a rebound mode ahead of the speech, has continued that rebound effort. The S&P 500, down 1.4% at its low this morning, is now down 0.5% for the day.14:33AJRD Aerojet Rocketdyne teams with NASA to develop novel rocket engine technology (48.50 +0.36)Aerojet Rocketdyne has entered into a Space Act Agreement with NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center to design and manufacture a lightweight rocket engine thrust chamber assembly using innovative additive manufacturing processes and materials. The goal of the project is to reduce manufacturing costs and make a thrust chamber that is easily scalable to support a variety of missions, including America's return to the Moon and subsequent missions to explore Mars.Aerojet Rocketdyne will use a unique combination of 3D printing technologies -- including solid state deposition and laser deposition -- to enable rapid fabrication of complex components. The vertical integration of these robotic additive manufacturing techniques is expected to yield a scalable design that could be applied to propulsion systems ranging from small systems that would support a lunar lander, all the way up to large boosters that enable launch vehicles to escape Earth's gravity.14:29SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Qiagen (QGEN) underperforms following preliminary third quarter press, CEO departure -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersNG (6.76 +4.88%): Gold names and select metals peers show relative strength amid general market weakness. (Related: BTG, AUY...)FSLY (26.14 +4.1%): Continued volatility; the stock has added circa +12% so far this week.BRFS (9.18 +3.45%): Brazilian stocks see continued volatility; the stock recovers portions of yesterday's 4% slide as the iShares Brazil ETF (EWZ) demonstrates moderate relative outperformance.Mid Cap LosersQGEN (25.4 -20.79%): Recent updates for co include its report of preliminary Q3 results -- co currently expects total net sales growth of approx. +3% ex-FX vs outlook for +4-5% growth, mainly due to "significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China"; sees adj. EPS within its outlook for approx. $0.35-0.36 -- as well as its news of the departure of its CEO, Peer M. Schatz, who steps down after 27 years with co in order to pursue new opportunities, and its announcement of a 15-year partnership with Illumina (ILMN) that is intended to broaden the availability and use of NGS-based in-vitro diagnostic kids, including companion diagnostics, for patient management. Downgraded at JP Morgan, Barclays, and Deutsche Bank. At two-year lows. NKTR (16.56 -11.3%): Downgraded to Sell from Buy and price target lowered to $16 from $54 at Goldman. Reaches two-year lows. Healthcare sector lags. (Related: CRSP, ADPT...) SDC (12.08 -10.45%): Continued volatility following yesterday's slate of analyst initiations and amid general pressure for recent IPOs. Co commented after yesterday's close in response to the day's analyst initiations that it saw the market reports as reinforcing the value of its business model, unit economics, and mission. At new lows.13:46ABTX Allegiance Bancshares jumps 8% after being selected to replace Monotype Imaging (TYPE) in the S&P SmallCap 600 (34.05 +2.41)13:16SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ACB (10.9 mln +1.18%)Materials: FCX (17.2 mln -2.57%)Industrials: GE (24.52 mln -2.57%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (24.29 mln +9.35%), F (15.73 mln -1.44%)Information Technology: AMD (27.73 mln -1.52%), AAPL (14.67 mln -0.1%), MSFT (12.47 mln +0.2%), MU (11.84 mln -2.59%)Financials: BAC (32.1 mln -1.84%), QQQ (16.28 mln -0.67%), TQQQ (16.21 mln -2.02%), SQQQ (12.2 mln +1.94%)Energy: CHK (39.66 mln -2.63%), ECA (12.09 mln -4.66%), RIG (10.89 mln -0.72%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (10.93 mln +0%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: QGEN (9.27x -20.32%), ADAP (3.89x -8.64%), CYRX (3.19x +1.69%), PBYI (2.43x -20.66%), PKI (2.12x -5.15%)Materials: AXTA (2.35x -5.38%)Industrials: AZZ (3.27x -14.21%), HA (2.95x +7.1%)Consumer Discretionary: DPZ (5.64x +3.69%), HELE (2.62x -0.69%)Information Technology: AMBA (3.49x -8.13%)Financials: GER (3.82x -1.72%), KYN (2.11x -1.83%)Energy: EURN (2.12x +0.1%)Utilities: NEP (2.6x +0.61%)13:13SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: OMI (6.48 +4.94%), AVNS (37.36 +3.15%)Materials: MUX (1.7 +6.92%), NG (6.71 +4.01%), HL (2 +3.63%), NGD (1.04 +3.5%), CDE (5.25 +3.35%), HMY (3.15 +3.28%), SA (12.95 +2.9%)Industrials: HA (27 +7.1%), VICR (31.54 +3.78%), AAL (26.58 +2.9%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (1.7 +9.35%), OSTK (11.7 +4.28%), DPZ (251.15 +3.69%)Energy: CRZO (7.78 +3.32%), NBR (1.62 +3.18%), ESV (4.42 +2.79%), BRY (9.52 +2.59%)Consumer Staples: BRFS (9.18 +3.44%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: PBYI (7.99 -20.66%), QGEN (25.55 -20.32%), NKTR (16.58 -11.19%), DBVT (7.37 -10.4%), ADAP (1.01 -8.64%), CLVS (3.29 -8.61%), NTLA (10.99 -8.11%), CRSP (38.01 -7.47%), SLDB (9.42 -7.37%)Industrials: AZZ (36.9 -14.21%)Consumer Discretionary: SIG (16.19 -9.25%), CWH (7.94 -7.57%), BOOT (31.9 -7.43%)Information Technology: AMBA (52.57 -8.13%), XELA (1.17 -7.87%)Financials: EZPW (5.5 -11.15%)Energy: TUSK (2.09 -7.11%)Utilities: JE (2.14 -7.36%)13:12OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:RRC Jan20 4 calls are seeing interest with the underlying stock down 6% (volume: 16.2K, open int: 50, implied vol: ~102%, prev day implied vol: 91%). Over 14K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings late October. Co is scheduled to present two conferences in November and December.CCJ Nov 9.5 calls (volume: 3220, open int: 0, implied vol: ~46%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is confirmed to report earnings November 1 before the open.WDC Oct 60 calls (volume: 2560, open int: 1010, implied vol: ~44%, prev day implied vol: 3%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.MPC Nov 65 calls (volume: 7910, open int: 70, implied vol: ~39%, prev day implied vol: 37%). Over 4300 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co is confirmed to report earnings October 31 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HSBC Nov 37 puts (volume: 2500, open int: 0, implied vol: ~23%, prev day implied vol: 21%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings early November.ALDR Jan20 17.5 puts (volume: 8840, open int: 0, implied vol: ~17%, prev day implied vol: 15%). 4300 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co is scheduled to present at a Credit Suisse conference on November 11.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.99, VIX: (19.13, +1.27, +7.1%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:03BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.413% (When-Issued: 1.409%) Bid-to-cover: 2.43 Indirect bid: 45.8% Direct bid: 16.9% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.303% Bid-to-cover: 2.50 Indirect bid: 46.9% Direct bid: 14.7%13:00LEVI Levi Strauss earnings preview - DTC channel and international growth have mitigated department store softness (19.30 -0.46)After the close tonight, Levi Strauss (LEVI) is set to issue 3Q19 results. Since its March 21 IPO, LEVI has reported earnings twice. Last quarter, the company generated Non-GAAP EPS of $0.17 vs. the $0.12 consensus, posted inline revenue of $1.3 bln (+5.4% yr/yr), and also slightly raised its FY19 guidance.Specifically, it guided for Adj EBITDA margin improvement up to +10 bps from "flat to slightly higher", and constant currency net revenue growth to the "high end of mid-single digit range" from "mid single digits."Heading into tonight's report, the stock has been on a nice roll, climbing by 22% from the post-IPO lows hit in mid-August. The upswing suggests that investors are anticipating another good earnings report from LEVI.For the quarter, analysts are expecting LEVI to report Non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 on revenue of $1.44 bln. It's worth noting that last quarter LEVI did not provide an Adjusted EPS number in its earnings press release. Adjusted net income and shares outstanding were provided, allowing for a Non-GAAP EPS number to be calculated.However, following the earnings release, the financial media honed in on the readily available GAAP EPS number, which came up short of expectations at $0.07 vs. the $0.08 consensus.The differing numbers created some initial confusion and volatility in the stock and is something to keep in mind should the same circumstance arise tonight.Competition and evolving consumer shopping habits have created a very challenging environment for retailers -- especially for those that are heavily reliant on brick-and-mortar stores. It is estimated that about 15-20% of LEVI's business is generated from U.S. department stores. Last quarter, LEVI's wholesale business grew by a scant 3% compared to 5% in Q1.Its exposure to department stores is fairly significant, but so far LEVI has done a good job of mitigating the soft performance in department stores by bolstering its direct-to-consumer (DTC) channel, expanding internationally, and broadening its product lines to include more tops and women's categories.For instance, last quarter the DTC channel grew 14% and now represents at least 10% of the total business compared to just 4% early this year. Furthermore, LEVI's women's business was up 18% in Q2, marking the 15th straight quarter of growth for that category.The main question going forward is whether LEVI can continue to drive healthy revenue growth and margin expansion while the Americas region (+3% growth in Q2) continues to struggle due to weakness at U.S. department stores.While the company hasn't provided quarterly guidance in its earnings press releases, it might provide an updated outlook for FY19 Adj. EBITDA margin and constant currency net revenue growth.12:59VHC VirnetX Holding says prevails in appeals court as mandate issued in Apple (AAPL) suit (6.05 +0.09)The co announced that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the "Federal Circuit") has issued a formal mandate in the Federal Circuit case 2018-1197 (the "1197 Case") titled "Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in No. 6:10-cv-00417-RWS, Judge Robert Schroeder, III" (the "Apple I" case), in accordance with the judgment of the Federal Circuit, entered on January 15, 2019, affirming the judgement issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in this case.12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks down broadly as trade concerns growThe major averages on Wall Street are down noticeably today after the U.S. placed 28 more Chinese organizations on its trade blacklist. The S&P 500 (-0.9%) and Nasdaq Composite (-0.9%) are down nearly 1.0%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.6%) fares slightly better. Each are currently off session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department cited human rights violations against a Muslim minority in China for its decision. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied any violations and hinted at possible retaliation. According to the Global Times, the spokesman added that "Beijing has become accustomed to such tricks [ahead of trade talks] and will deal with them calmly."Concerns have been rooted in a view that major progress in this week's trade talks is now less likely, suggesting that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will still increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15. In turn, the stock market appears to be pricing in some disappointment, with all 11 S&P 500 sectors down between 0.3% (real estate) and 1.3% (health care).Unsurprisingly, the China-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-1.9%) is down big, as many of its components derive a significant portion of their revenue from China. Shares of Ambarella (AMBA 52.28, -4.97, -8.7%) are down nearly 9% as one of its customers, Hikvision, was among the Chinese companies that now needs a license to conduct business in the U.S.Elsewhere, continued Brexit uncertainty and warnings from the IMF and World Bank about global economic conditions have also tempered risk sentiment. As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell will speak at an annual luncheon at 1:50 p.m. ET.An overnight advance in Treasuries has pulled back, even after producer prices unexpectedly declined in September. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.53%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 99.14.Separately, Domino's Pizza (DPZ 254.61, +12.30, +5.1%) has brushed off early weakness and is now firmly in positive territory. The company missed earnings estimates and tempered its long-term outlook, but it also announced a $1 billion share repurchase program.Reviewing today's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.12:50QGEN Qiagen leading med-tech/device stocks lower after warning about sales, citing significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China (25.43 -6.62)Qiagen also partner with Illumina (ILMN) for sequencing-based In-Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) tests and announced the departure of its CEO.Genomics/med-tech: PSNL -6.79% ADPT -6.74% NVTA -4.04% ILMN -3.58% Medical devices: WAT -6.13% BSX -5.89% TMO -5.83% PKI -5.18% A -2.86% MTD -2.76%12:30SDC SmileDirectClub slides 11% to fresh lows as recent IPOs remain under pressure (12.02 -1.47)Recent IPOs seeing similar relative weakness: JMIA -8.07%, ADPT -7.32%, PSNL -6.71%, SNDL -6.19%, STOK -6.06%, TCRR -5.93%, RVLV -5.35%, PRVL -5.00%, PTON -4.81% PLAN -4.80%, KRTX -4.79%, HARP -4.76%, LVGO -4.73%, HCAT -4.64%, CRWD -4.45%, THOR -4.38%, LK -4.28%, BBIO -3.97%, TWST -3.82%, etc...Of note for SDC, shares closed down 8% yesterday despite a wave of bullish analyst initiations upon expiration of the quiet period. Perhaps driven by the ongoing selling pressure on shares and resulting underperformance following September's IPO, SDC yesterday responded to the initiations, declaring that they reinforce the value of their business model, unit economics and mission:"Today's market reports reinforce the value of our business model, unit economics and mission to transform smiles through safe, affordable and consumer-first technology to an addressable market of approximately 500 million people worldwide. We remain focused on long term shareholder value - the next 12, 24, 36 months and beyond. Our entrance into the public market allows us to reinvest in innovation, process improvements, international growth and customer experience. Our commitment to our 5,500 team members, our customers and our mission is stronger than ever."12:20SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- NIO (NIO) improves following third quarter delivery results -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersNIO (1.69 +9.03%): Provided a Q3 delivery update; co delivered 4,799 vehicles in the quarter, increasing +35.1% sequentially and exceeding the midpoint of co's guidance range by 499 vehicles, or +11.6%. Deliveries of the ES6 models "continued to ramp up"; 4,196 vehicles of the model were reported for the quarter. September deliveries were positively impacted ahead of China's national day holiday. Co also noted that it has seen accelerated growth of its order backlog since September. It is updating its retail pricing and battery pack offerings and will continue to "further enhance [its] offerings in an effort to accelerate orders and deliveries, going forward." NAT (3.27 +6.17%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and assigned a $4 price target at BTIG Research. The stock, which has advanced alongside shipping/tanker peers during sector outperformance in recent sessions, sees continued strength on more than 3x average volume, today generally outperforming peer names. At ten-month highs. HA (26.56 +5.36%): Reported upside September traffic stats -- total traffic increased +3.0% yr/yr on a +0.7% increase in capacity, with load factor increasing 1.9 points to 85.5% -- and raised its estimates for operating revenue per available seat mile (ASM), due to better than expected yields in long-haul markets, particularly in its International entity. Co also narrowed its estimates for operating cost per ASM ex. fuel and non-recurring items and for estimates for gallons of jet fuel consumer, and it lowered its estimates for economic fuel cost per gallon.Small Cap LosersPBYI (8.05 -20.06%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral and price target cut to $8 from $24 at Goldman; hearing that the firm cites headline risk presented by upcoming competitive data from Seattle Genetics' (SGEN) tucatinib in the HER2-positive breast cancer space for the downgrade. Co also disclosed that its Chief Commercial Officer, Steven Lo, has decided to resign, effective October 18, in order to accept a CEO position at Zosano Pharma (ZSAN). At all-time lows. AZZ (36.74 -14.58%): Co's Q2 earnings report had been scheduled to be released this morning, but co instead announced today that it is rescheduling -- and thus, delaying -- its Q2 earnings release in order to grant co "additional time to complete the review of its Form 10-Q" for the quarter; co will announce the specific date and time of the rescheduled earnings call upon completion of the review. At multi-year lows. AMBA (51.57 -9.87%): The Department of Commerce added a number of Chinese organizations to its Entity List, including video surveillance companies Hikvision and Dahua Technology, which are major customers for co's components -- according to Needham, which downgraded co in June citing Entity List risk and which now reiterates its Underperform rating, the two customers accounted for 20-25% of co's total revenue over the past few quarters. The stock moves to its lowest levels since co issued upside Q3 revenue guidance in its Q2 earnings report.12:09PBYI Puma Biotech. plummets 21% to all-time lows after Goldman downgrades to Sell (cutting price target to $8 (from $24)) and Chief Commercial Officer Steven Lo resigns to pursue another opportunity (7.95 -2.12)11:48BA Boeing reported Q3 commercial airplane deliveries down 67% to 63; 737s down 91% to 5 (370.07 -6.47)Boeing reports this data monthly as well.11:41ASPS Altisource Portfolio Solutions to wind down and close Owners.com's operations (19.67 -0.40)The Company believes that closing Owners.com supports its simplification strategy, eliminates the cash burn associated with this earlier stage business, and increases focus on the core real estate and mortgage businesses. The Company believes that closing Owners.com supports its simplification strategy, eliminates the cash burn associated with this earlier stage business, and increases focus on the core real estate and mortgage businesses.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.573% Bid-to-cover: 2.42 Indirect bid: 46.2% Direct bid: 16.6% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.303% Bid-to-cover: 2.50 Indirect bid: 46.9% Direct bid: 14.7%10:36SMH Chipmakers pressured by blacklist news (116.72 -2.94)The PHLX Semiconductor Index (-2.8%) is a notable laggard today as chipmakers fall victim to selling interest after the U.S. added eight Chinese tech companies to a blacklist, which prevents these entities from doing business with U.S. companies without a special license. Video surveillance/facial recognition companies Hikvision and Dahua are among the newly blacklisted entities, alongside companies that work on artificial intelligence technologies.The news has caused broad-based weakness among chipmakers. There are currently 12 members of the SOX index showing losses of 3.0% or more. Interestingly, companies that are known for doing business with Hikvision and Dahua are not leading today's retreat. For instance, Intel (INTC 49.89, -0.73, -1.5%) is the second-best performer in the group while names like AMD (AMD 28.14, -0.79, -2.7%), NVIDIA (NVDA 177.96, -6.37, -3.4%), and Qualcomm (QCOM 73.53, -2.81, -3.6%) show losses between 2.7% and 3.6%.Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 47.90, -0.05, -0.1%) trades just below its flat line after notching a fresh record at the start of today's session. At this time, it may seem that the Taiwan-based company is shielded from being dragged into the conflict with China, but the contract chip manufacturer could see a decrease in orders if U.S. chipmakers are prevented from selling components to Chinese companies. Furthermore, there is also a risk that China could try to strengthen its grip over Taiwan and block TSM from fabricating chips for U.S. companies.10:18TALKX Market Briefing: Trade and growth concerns at heart of early selling interestIt's not a pretty picture in the stock market this morning. Every sector is lower, the CBOE Volatility Index is up 10% to 19.57, and the S&P 500 has dropped further below its 50-day moving average (2938.44).The negative price action is primarily a function of trade concerns, which ratcheted up following some awkward timing by the Department of Commerce in naming 19 Chinese governmental, and eight commercial, firms to its Entity List on the basis of their part in fostering human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in China.That news hit last night and immediately created a diplomatic rift in front of this week's trade negotiations in Washington between senior U.S. and China trade officials. China for its part warned it will retaliate.Accordingly, a sense of nervousness ahead of those talks has fueled broad-based selling interest. The selling activity is predicated not just on a belief that the trade talks this week will be disappointing, but that the latest developments will keep a planned tariff rate increase from 25% to 30% on $250 billion worth of imported Chinese goods on track to be implemented October 15.The more general view of matters, and seemingly negative turn of events, is that the trade uncertainty is a negative for growth and earnings prospects alike.The biggest losers thus far are the financial (-1.8%), health care (-1.6%), information technology (-1.5%), and industrials (-1.4%) sectors.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.1%; the S&P 500 is down 1.3%; the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.3%; and the Russell 2000 is down 1.6%.10:10OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:WDC Oct 60 calls are seeing interest with 2560 contracts trading vs. open int of 1010, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~44%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Puts:HSBC Nov 37 puts are seeing interest with 2500 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~23%. Co is expected to report earnings early November.Stocks seeing volatility selling:HELE, DPZ implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.05, VIX: (19.59, +1.73, +9.7%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.09:44WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stock market drops at the open on trade concernsThe major averages have dropped at the open after the U.S. added 28 more Chinese firms to a trade blacklist ahead of trade talks. The S&P 500 is down 1.0%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.0%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory. Financials (-1.4%) and industrials (-1.3%) lead the retreat with losses over 1.0%, while real estate (-0.3%) and consumer staples (-0.3%) hold modest losses.U.S. Treasuries are up, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.96. WTI crude is down 1.1% to $52.15/bbl.09:43SCANX Earnings/guidance moversHA +6.93% HELE +4.59% QGEN -18.75% DZSI -18.09% DPZ -5.04% BRY -0.32%09:35MLHR Herman Miller says in the process of working to execute an agreement to acquire an additional 34% equity interest in HAY A/S for approximately $78 mln (44.40 -0.24)09:33SUMRX Economic Summary: September PPI shows unexpected declineEconomic Data Summary:September NFIB Small Business Optimism Index 101.8 vs Briefing.com consensus of ; August was 103.1 September PPI -0.3% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; August was 0.1% September Core PPI -0.3% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; August was 0.3%The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was 8.1%) August Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.4%; July was 0.2%) August JOLTS - Jobs Openings due out Wednesday at 10:00 (July was 7.22 mln)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 14:30 ET and tomorrow at 11:00 ETThe Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be announced at 13:00 ETTuesday: $38 bln in 3 Year Treasury notesWednesday: $24 bln in 10 Year Treasury notesThursday: $16 bln in 30 Year Treasury bondsOther International Events of Interest:Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus totaled JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8.09:27WIRES On The WiresUnisys (UIS) today announced that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has selected the company to compete for task and delivery orders under the Intelligent Automation/Artificial Intelligence contract. This five-year Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract has a potential value of $49 mln.Autolus Therapeutics (AUTL) announced changes to the company's executive leadership team. Dr. Jim Faulkner, SVP, Head of Product Delivery, and Neil Bell, SVP, Head of Clinical Operations, will be departing Autolus. In conjunction with these changes, David Brochu has been named SVP, Head of Product Delivery, and Vishal Mehta has been named VP, Head of Clinical Operations.Net 1 UEPS Technologies (UEPS) has exercised its option to acquire an additional 35% interest in Bank Frick & Co. AG, a fully licensed bank based in Liechtenstein, for approx. USD 46.4 mln. The transaction is subject to approval from the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority and is expected to close in March 2020. Following the successful completion of the additional investment, the company will own 70% of Bank Frick, with the Kuno Frick Family Foundation owning the remaining 30% interest.Global Payments (GPN) announced today the technology behind its Netspend general purpose reloadable Mastercard has been integrated into Samsung's digital wallet, Samsung Pay, and will drive its Samsung Pay Cash service.Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) has secured two working capital facilities to provide additional liquidity and flexibility as it continues to execute its growth objectives. The company has closed on a three-year $10 mln senior secured line of credit with Citizens Bank N.A.; proceeds from this line of credit will be used for general corporate purposes. The company has also entered a Supply Chain Financing program with Citibank N.A. that enables the company to accelerate cash collections by selling receivables to Citibank on a non-recourse basis. Receivables from key customers will be included in the Citibank program, which is expected to provide, on average, between $15-20 mln of additional liquidity for the company.Ameresco (AMRC) will develop a 27-megawatt solar farm in the Village of DePue, Illinois. Upon completion, the DePue solar farm will be the largest in Bureau County and will directly advance the state's goal of reaching 25% renewable energy by 2025.09:19PBYI Puma Biotech. Chief Commercial Officer Steven Lo to resign effective October 18 (10.07 )Mr. Lo has informed the company that he has accepted a position as the CEO of a company that is preparing for commercialization and focusing on the development of therapies for the central nervous system. Mr. Lo's responsibilities will be assumed by the Puma Biotechnology's existing commercial team while the company initiates a search for a replacement.09:15WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -18.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.The stock market is on track for a noticeably lower open, as new trade developments cast some doubt on this week's trade talks. The S&P 500 futures trade 18 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.Differences between views on human rights appears to be the latest dispute between the countries. The U.S. added 28 Chinese firms to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. On a related note, China suspended broadcast of games for the Houston Rockets after its general manager tweeted support for Hong Kong over the weekend.China has signaled it might retaliate against the trade blacklist, and it could reportedly leave trade talks one day early. Evidently, investors are feeling less optimistic about senior-level talks slated to begin on Thursday.The yield on the 10-yr note is down three basis points to 1.52%, little changed after the Producer Price Index for September unexpected declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%).09:03RGLD Royal Gold says RGLD Gold AG subsidiary sold approximately 60k gold equivalent ounces during its fiscal 2020 first quarter (127.41 )The co announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, RGLD Gold AG, sold approx. 60,000 gold equivalent ounces comprised of approx. 50,000 gold ounces, 510,000 silver ounces and 1,100 tonnes of copper related to its streaming agreements during its fiscal 2020 first quarter ended September 30, 2019. As noted previously, first quarter stream sales were lower than the prior quarter due to production restrictions experienced at Mount Milligan during the quarter ended March 31, 2019. The company had approx. 25,000 gold equivalent ounces in inventory at the end of the first quarter, consisting of 18,000 gold ounces, 514,000 silver ounces, and 400 tonnes of copper.RGLD Gold AG's average realized gold, silver and copper prices for the first quarter were $1,458 per ounce, $16.54 per ounce, and $5,798 per tonne ($2.63 per pound), respectively, compared to $1,293, $14.88, and $6,287 ($2.85 per pound), respectively, in the prior quarter ended June 30, 2019.09:02ASH Ashland appoints Guillermo Novo as Chairman and CEO, effective December 31 (75.55 )From 2016 to 2019, Mr. Novo served as President and CEO of Versum Materials. William A. Wulfsohn will continue to serve as Chairman and CEO through the end of this year to ensure a smooth transition. Following Mr. Wulfsohn's departure from Ashland, the Board will be composed of 10 members, nine of whom are independent.08:57PRICE Filings, Offerings and PricingsFilings:Star Bulk Carriers (SBLK) files for ~1.54 mln share offering by selling shareholder Delphin HoldingsOfferings:Algonquin Power & Utilities (AQN) commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares08:55APHA Aphria comments on Aleafia Health's termination of the company's wholesale cannabis supply agreement with Emblem Corp (5.39 )"We are disappointed that Aleafia has chosen to terminate its Agreement with Aphria Inc. The Company had every intention of fulfilling its obligations under the Agreement. As a large shareholder of Aleafia, Aphria made good faith efforts to ensure continuation of the Agreement understanding it was in the best interest of all parties involved. However, the termination of this legacy Agreement frees up significant supply allowing the Company to service its brands that are in high-demand across the country."The parties are contractually obligated to negotiate for a period of 30 days following the receipt of a formal notice of termination. If the parties fail to arrive at any agreement or settlement within the 30 days, and if Aleafia initiates a formal claim for damages, the company intends to vigorously defend itself. The cannabis supply agreement is not a material part of the company's business and operations.08:51WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -18.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.The S&P 500 futures trade 18 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1). Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.In economic data: China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1) Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8) South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln) Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.0% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.3% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: CLOSED South Korea's Kospi: +1.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.4%Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.In economic data: Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%) France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln) Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%) Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%) Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -1.0% Germany's DAX: -0.9% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.8% Italy's FTSE MIB: -1.0% Spain's IBEX 35: -1.1%08:46PD PagerDuty (-3%) set to open at record low after IPO lockup expires (26.74 )Tufin Software's (TUFN) IPO lockup also expires today08:32WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -20.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -51.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 20 points, or 0.7%, below fair value.Just in, producer prices declined 0.3% in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%) while core producer prices also declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%). Yr/yr, producer prices are up 1.4% (vs +1.8% in August) while core producer prices are up 2.0% (vs +2.3% in August).08:30DXCM Dexcom receives FDA clearance for Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System for healthcare professionals to use with their patients, ages two years and up (159.45 )Dexcom G6 Pro is the first and only single use, professional CGM that gathers real-time glucose data over a 10-day period and offers both a blinded and unblinded mode. In blinded mode, real-time glucose data is hidden from the patient and reviewed retrospectively with their healthcare professional at the end of the session. In unblinded mode, patients can see their glucose data throughout the 10-day sensor wear to gain insights and make treatment decisions in real time. The company expects to begin shipping Dexcom G6 Pro early next year.08:30ECONX September Core PPI M/M -0.3% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus08:30ECONX September Headline PPI M/M -0.3% vs +0.1% Briefing.com consensus08:04SUMRX Gapping up/down: HA +5% and HELE +5% after earnings/guidance, metals and miners trading higher; DPZ -5% after earnings, EU banks trading lower, ORCL -1% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:HA +5.2% (reports Sept traffic +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity; raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM), HELE +4.9%Select metals/mining stocks trading higher:HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, MUX +2.5%, AU +2.4%, GDX +1.5%, GOLD +1.3%, GLD +0.8%, SLV +0.8%Other news:NIO +11% (provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr) ERIC +1.2% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) NOK +0.8% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) CE +0.5% (indicated higher on reports that the company may consider a breakup)Analyst comments:NAT +8.1% (upgraded to Buy at BTIG)SWTX +1.8% (initiated with a Buy at Goldman; initiated with an Overweight at JP Morgan)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:QGEN -18.9% (reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance; also announces departure of CEO Peer M. Schatz), DZSI -17.9%, DPZ -4.8%Select EU financial related names showing weakness:DB -2.5%, ING -2.2%, SAN -2.1%, BCS -1.4%, LYG -1.2%, HSBC -0.8%Other news:AMBA -12.4% (on report that the Department of Commerce will blacklist its customer Hikvision)CVM -4.4% (attributed to cautious Stat News report from Adam Feuerstein)AQN -3.3% (commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares)SDC -2.1% (rebounding from yesterday's 8% pullback; co commented after the bell on analyst initiations)BA -1.5% (WSJ article stating dispute between US and European regulators could further delay Boeing (BA) 737 Max 8's return to flight) JAZZ -1.3% (CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company)Analyst comments:PBYI -7.5% (downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman)NKTR -7.1% (downgraded to Sell from Buy at Goldman)FTSI -3% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)PTEN -2.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)HP -2% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)TERP -2% (downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays)ORCL -1.3% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies)JBHT -1.2% (downgraded to Neutral from Positive at Susquehanna)BEN -1% (initiated with Underperform at BMO Capital Markets)LOW -0.7% (coverage downgraded/assumed to Mkt Perform from Outperform at Raymond James)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb as Trade Concerns ResurfaceU.S. Treasuries are on track to reclaim a portion of yesterday's losses after Treasury futures rallied in overnight trade. The early part of the overnight session saw some selling, but futures notched their lows around midnight, and rallied from there. China's Commerce Ministry indicated that China is prepared to sign a partial trade deal and leave "the harder issues" to be negotiated next year, but that offer may no longer be valid after the U.S. added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Futures hit pre-market highs during the past hour after Bloomberg reported that the White House is focusing on limiting exposure to Chinese stocks in government pension funds. Keep in mind that a similar report circulated on September 27. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% at 98.91. Yield Check: 2-yr: -3 bps to 1.43% 3-yr: -5 bps to 1.37% 5-yr: -4 bps to 1.35% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.52% 30-yr: -3 bps to 2.02%News: China's September Caixin Services PMI decreased to 51.3 (expected 52.1) from 52.1. Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus totaled JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8. South Korea's August Current Account surplus narrowed to $5.27 bln from $6.95 bln. Australia's September NAB Business Confidence dipped to 0 from 1. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020. Germany's August Industrial Production increased 0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%). France's August trade deficit totaled EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) while August Current Account deficit totaled EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln). Italy's August Retail Sales decreased 0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%) but rose 0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%). Spain's August Industrial Production increased 1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%). Swiss September Unemployment Rate held at 2.3% (expected 2.1%). Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.5% to $51.99/bbl Gold: +0.4% to $1510.60/ozt Copper: -0.3% to $2.570/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.0986 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2217 USD/CNH: +0.2% to 7.1499 USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.87 Data out Today: 6:00 ET: September NFIB Small Business Optimism Index (actual 101.8; prior 103.1) 8:30 ET: September PPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.1%) and core PPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.3%) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $38 bln 3-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 13:35 ET: Chicago Fed President (FOMC voter) Charles Evans 13:50 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:03SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:QGEN -18.9% (reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance; also announces departure of CEO Peer M. Schatz), DZSI -17.9%, DPZ -4.8%Select EU financial related names showing weakness:DB -2.5%, ING -2.2%, SAN -2.1%, BCS -1.4%, LYG -1.2%, HSBC -0.8%Other news:AMBA -12.4% (on report that the Department of Commerce will blacklist its customer Hikvision)CVM -4.4% (attributed to cautious Stat News report from Adam Feuerstein)AQN -3.3% (commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares)SDC -2.1% (rebounding from yesterday's 8% pullback; co commented after the bell on analyst initiations)BA -1.5% (WSJ article stating dispute between US and European regulators could further delay Boeing (BA) 737 Max 8's return to flight) JAZZ -1.3% (CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company)Analyst comments:PBYI -7.5% (downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman)NKTR -7.1% (downgraded to Sell from Buy at Goldman)FTSI -3% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)PTEN -2.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)HP -2% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)TERP -2% (downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays)ORCL -1.3% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies)JBHT -1.2% (downgraded to Neutral from Positive at Susquehanna)BEN -1% (initiated with Underperform at BMO Capital Markets)LOW -0.7% (coverage downgraded/assumed to Mkt Perform from Outperform at Raymond James)08:02AMAG AMAG Pharma enters into settlement agreement with Caligan Partners (12.09 )As part of this agreement, the Board of Directors has appointed Paul Fonteyne, former CEO of Boehringer Ingelheim USA, and David Johnson, Partner and co-Founder of Caligan, to the AMAG Board, effective immediately. The appointment of Mr. Fonteyne and Mr. Johnson temporarily expands the size of the AMAG Board to 11 directors, 10 of whom are independent and four of whom have been appointed within the past six months. In addition, the company will include Mr. Fonteyne and Mr. Johnson as candidates in the company's proxy statement for the company's 2020 Annual Meeting. Following the 2020 Annual Meeting, the size of the Board will revert to nine directors.As part of this settlement agreement, Caligan has withdrawn its pending consent solicitation and agreed to a customary standstill, voting commitment, and related terms.07:59SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:HA +5.2% (reports Sept traffic +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity; raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM), HELE +4.9%Select metals/mining stocks trading higher:HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, MUX +2.5%, AU +2.4%, GDX +1.5%, GOLD +1.3%, GLD +0.8%, SLV +0.8%Other news:NIO +11% (provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr) ERIC +1.2% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) NOK +0.8% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) CE +0.5% (indicated higher on reports that the company may consider a breakup)Analyst comments:NAT +8.1% (upgraded to Buy at BTIG)SWTX +1.8% (initiated with a Buy at Goldman; initiated with an Overweight at JP Morgan)07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -16.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -43.50.U.S. equity futures are firmly lower, as negative-sounding trade developments weaken investor sentiment and dampen expectations for this week's trade talks. The S&P 500 futures trade 17 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.The U.S. Commerce Department added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist for "engaging in or enabling activities contrary to the foreign policy interests" of the U.S. Bloomberg followed up this morning indicating that the Trump administration is now considering limiting Chinese stocks in U.S. government pension funds.When asked if China would retaliate to the trade blacklist, Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman reportedly said, "stay tuned." As for trade talks, the South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese delegation could go home from the negotiations one day early as expectations are falling for any resolution to the trade dispute.In other matters, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. Fed Chair Powell is scheduled to speak at an annual luncheon at 1:50 p.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.90. WTI crude is down 1.4%, or $0.74, to $52.03/bbl.On the data front, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%) at 8:30 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.In U.S. Corporate news:Ambarella (AMBA 49.98, -7.24): -12.7% after its Chinese customer, Hikvision, was added to the U.S. trade blacklist. Domino's Pizza (DPZ 234.00, -8.21): -3.4% after missing earnings estimates. Domino's also announced a $1 billion share repurchase program.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. Japan's Nikkei +1.0%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.3%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex CLOSED, South Korea's Kospi +1.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.4%.In economic data:China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1)Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%),August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8)South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln)Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)In news:China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1).Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang.Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. STOXX Europe 600 -1.0%, Germany's DAX -1.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.2%, France's CAC 40 -1.0%, Italy's FTSE MIB -1.3%, Spain's IBEX 35 -1.3%.In economic data:Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%)France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln)Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%)Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%)Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)In news:German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.07:57DPZ Domino's Pizza -5% on Q3 miss, tempered long-term outlook (242.21 )07:44BA Boeing to invest $20 mln in Virgin Galactic (376.54 )The companies will work together to broaden commercial space access and transform global travel technologies. To date, Virgin Galactic has invested $1 billion of capital to build reusable human spaceflight systems designed to enable significantly more people to experience and utilize space. In July, the company announced its intent to become a publicly-listed entity via a business combination with Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp (IPOA). The Boeing investment will be in return for new shares in Virgin Galactic and is therefore contingent on the closing of that transaction, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019, and any such investment will be in the post-business combination company.07:35DPZ Domino's Pizza misses by $0.03, reports revs in-line, global retail sales increased 5.8%; announces $1 bln repurchase program, offers new new long-range outlook (242.21 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.05 per share, $0.03 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.08; revenues rose 4.4% year/year to $820.81 mln vs the $827.23 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Global retail sales increased 5.8% in the third quarter, or 7.5% without the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. U.S. same store sales grew 2.4% during the quarter versus the prior year quarter, continuing the positive sales momentum in the company's U.S. business. The international division also posted positive results, with same store sales growth of 1.7% during the quarter.On October 4, the company's Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.0 bln of the company's common stock. This repurchase program replaces the remaining availability of approximately $53.6 mln under the company's existing $750.0 mln share repurchase program.The company announced a new long-range outlook for certain business metrics. This new two- to three-year outlook replaces the company's prior three- to five-year outlook. Global retail sales growth +7-10% (Previously saw +8-12% over 3-5 years)U.S. same store sales growth +2-5% (Previously saw +3-6% over 3-5 years)International same store sales growth +1-4% (Previously saw +3-6% over 3-5 years)Global net store growth +6-8% (Unchanged from prior 3-5 year outlook)07:32WIRES On The WiresANSYS (ANSS) is creating a powerful, design-to-validation workflow for electric machines through an agreement with Motor Design Limited to distribute Motor-CAD. By combining the leading electric motor design software tool with ANSYS' multiphysics analysis capabilities, ANSYS is extending simulation into the design phase of the electric machine product lifecycle.Plug Power Inc. (PLUG), a leading provider of hydrogen engines and fueling solutions enabling e-mobility, has partnered with German specialty vehicle manufacturer MULAG to bring a new generation of hydrogen fuel cell-powered electric cargo tow tractors to Germany's Hamburg Airport. To kick off the initiative, the two companies joined forces to build a fuel cell-powered vehicle, which ran alongside the airport's existing ground support equipment fleet for a period of evaluation and service testing, and concluded successfully.Ebix, Inc. (EBIX), a leading international supplier of On-Demand software and E-commerce services to the insurance, financial, healthcare and e-learning industries today announced that its EbixCash Indian subsidiary has signed agreements with international travel exchanges to deliver millions of airline segments annually for a per segment fee, over a 5-year period, beginning immediately. As a part of this agreement, EbixCash collected a cumulative advance of $25 million from the international travel exchanges, a few days back.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -1.1%, FTSE -0.2%, CAC -1.0%Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.In economic data: Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%) France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln) Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%) Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%) Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -1.0% Germany's DAX: -1.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.2% France's CAC 40: -1.0% Italy's FTSE MIB: -1.3% Spain's IBEX 35: -1.3%---FX---EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0988 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2216 USD/CHF: -0.3% to 0.991507:15S&P futures vs fair value: -17.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.07:05WIRES On The WiresEli Lilly (LLY) announced that it will present new data for Taltz (ixekizumab), Olumiant (baricitinib), and mirikizumab at the 28th annual European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) Congress taking place Oct. 9-13 in Madrid, Spain. The research being highlighted at this year's meeting reinforces Lilly's commitment to developing treatments for individuals living with dermatological conditions such as psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, atopic dermatitis, and alopecia areata.Navigant Consulting (NCI) and eIQ Mobility, Inc. today announced they have entered into a strategic alliance to provide turnkey electric vehicle fleet as a service (eFaaS) solutions to clients across North America and Europe.Evoqua Water Technologies (AQUA) announced a majority investment position in San Diego-based Frontier Water Systems, LLC. Frontier is a pioneer in the development of patented, engineered equipment packages for high-rate treatment and removal of selenium, nitrate, and other metals from complex waste streams.Aurora Cannabis (ACB) and CTT Pharmaceutical Holdings, Inc. announced today the successful commercialization of CTT's cannabinoid-infused sublingual wafers.Sutro Biopharma (STRO) has achieved a milestone under its collaboration and license agreement with the healthcare division of Merck KGaA (MKKGY), Darmstadt, Germany and is entitled to receive a milestone payment. The milestone was achieved upon the designation by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany of an undisclosed bispecific antibody drug conjugate as a clinical development candidate with approval to advance to IND-enabling studies. AVROBIO (AVRO) announced that the first patient has been dosed in the company's AVR-RD-04 investigational gene therapy program for cystinosis, a devastating lysosomal storage disease, in an ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial sponsored by academic collaborators at the University of California San Diego. The gene therapy is derived from the patient's own hematopoietic stem cells, which are genetically modified to produce functional cystinosin, a crucial protein that patients with cystinosis lack.07:02IRMD iRadimed receives close-out letter from the FDA resolving all issues cited in the August 2014 warning letter (22.36 )The company does not expect a significant impact to its business or financial performance resulting from the close-out letter.07:01SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:NIO +9%, HA +5.2%, HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, NAT +3.2%, AU +1.5%, GDX +1.4%, MUX +1.3%, GOLD +0.9%, CE +0.6%, GLD +0.6%, SLV +0.6%Gapping down:QGEN -19.1%, DZSI -17.9%, AMBA -10%, AQN -3.3%, DB -3.2%, BA -2%, MT -2%, ING -2%, JAZZ -1.3%, NVDA -1.3%, ORCL -1.1%, BEN -1%, SDC -1%, AAL -0.9%07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +1.0%, Hang Seng +0.3%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1). Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.In economic data: China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1) Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8) South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln) Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.0% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.3% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: CLOSED South Korea's Kospi: +1.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.4%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 7.1424 USD/INR: +0.3% to 71.1606:57GMS GMS names Scott M. Deakin CFO effective October 21 (28.03 )Lynn Ross, who has served as the company's Interim Chief Financial Officer, will continue in her role as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. Mr. Deakin most recently served as the President of the Thermal Acoustical Solutions segment of Lydall (LDL), a publicly-traded global manufacturer of specialty engineered products, where he led strategy development and was accountable for the segment's profitable operations.06:51HELE Helen of Troy beats by $0.28, beats on revs; raises FY20 EPS and revenue guidance (159.21 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $2.24 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.28 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.96; revenues rose 5.2% year/year to $414 mln vs the $390.55 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues raised guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $8.50-8.70 from $8.40-8.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $8.55 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $1.61-1.64 bln from $1.59-1.62 bln vs. $1.61 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Guidance Details: Housewares net sales growth of 13% to 15%, compared to the prior expectation of 6% to 8%; Health & Home net sales decline in the low-single digits, compared to the prior expectation of net sales growth of 2% to 3%; and Beauty net sales growth in the low-single digits, compared to the prior expectation of a net sales decline in the low-single digits.Julien R. Mininberg, Chief Executive Officer, stated: "We are pleased with our second quarter financial performance, which delivered consolidated core business sales growth of 5.7% and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 13.1%, both ahead of our expectations. During the quarter, we improved our consolidated operating margin, while simultaneously increasing our growth investments compared to our original outlook at the beginning of the year. These growth investments are generating healthy results and our digital initiatives continue to pay dividends, illustrated by online sales growth of 25%, which now represents 24% of total sales in the quarter."06:14SSNLF Samsung sees Q3 sales of KRW 61-63 tln and Q3 operating profit of KRW 7.6-7.8 tln (86.00 )06:13FXI Shanghai ... +0.3%06:13S&P futures vs fair value: -9.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -18.00.06:13European MarketsFTSE...7,184.74...-12.60...-0.20%. DAX...12,014.05...-83.10...-0.70%.06:13Asian MarketsNikkei...21,587.78...+212.50...+1.00%. Hang Seng...25,893.40...+72.40...+0.30%.06:09WIRES On The WiresNokia (NOK) is launching Quillion, a new family of chipsets that will power next-generation massive scale access networks. Leveraging Nokia's extensive expertise, the Quillion chipset will allow operators to easily introduce 10G PON in their fiber networks and to serve more users from ultra-high-speed G.fast access nodes.Prevail Therapeutics Inc. (PRVL) and Lonza (SWX: LONN) announced that the companies have entered into a strategic collaboration. Lonza and Prevail have been working together since 2018, with an initial focus on process development, towards the GMP manufacturing of Prevail's two lead programs, PR001 and PR006. Under this collaboration, focused on the baculovirus/Sf9 production system for gene therapies, Lonza will manufacture Prevail's pipeline of novel AAV-based gene therapy programs for patients with neurodegenerative diseases at its gene therapy center of excellence in Houston, TX.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) announced that the New Drug Application (NDA) for filgotinib, an investigational, oral, selective JAK1 inhibitor for the treatment of adults with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been submitted to the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW).Litrinium, Inc., a privately held semiconductor company based in Orange County, California, announced that on September 23rd, 2019, the United States District Court for the Central District of California dismissed MACOM's (MTSI) claims against Litrinium (case number 8:19-cv-00220), giving MACOM 20 days to amend its complaint. Rather than amend, MACOM voluntarily dismissed its lawsuit against Litrinium on October 4, 2019. Details of the dismissal are publicly available.MediciNova (MNOV) announced that it has received a Notice of Allowance from the Japan Patent Office for a pending patent application which covers MN-001 (tipelukast) and MN-002 (a major metabolite of MN-001) for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).06:07TWI Titan Intl sells stake in Wheels India (2.61 )Co announced that on October 3, 2019, through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, the company completed the sale of shares of Wheels India in on-market trades on the National Stock Exchange of India. The sale reduces the company's indirect ownership interest in Wheels India from ~34.2% of the outstanding shares of Wheels India to ~23.8%. The company received net proceeds from the on-market trades of ~$19 million, net of charges, discounts and commissions, which Titan expects to use to pay down outstanding indebtedness. Wheels India is one of the largest global steel wheel manufacturers.06:05ASUR Asure Software to sell its Workspace Management business to FM:Systems in an asset and equity transaction valued at $120 mln (6.78 )06:04HMC Honda Motor acquires California-based Drivemode; terms not disclosed (25.58 )Drivemode is a startup that develops and operates smartphone-based connected services, excelling in multiple areas such as the development of the user interface and application as well as cloud-based technologies. Honda R&D and Drivemode have been collaborating and conducting joint development activities since 2015 through the Honda Xcelerator program, an open innovation program Honda has been pursuing on a global basis.06:02OMAB Grupo Aeroportuario reports that September passenger traffic increased 6.2% yr/yr (48.15 )Domestic traffic increased 5.9%, and international traffic increased 8.8%. The Monterrey (+2.9%), Ciudad Juarez (+14.3%), and Culiacan (+8.7%) airports contributed most to traffic growth.06:02SPY Latest on China trade dispute: Commerce Department confirms it adds 28 Chinese organizations to its entity list and China signals it will retaliate; President Trump said there is a "good possibility" of trade deal with China, but also notes planned tariff rate increase on October 15 (293.08 )"Today, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the Department of Commerce announced that it will add 28 Chinese governmental and commercial organizations to the Entity List for engaging in or enabling activities contrary to the foreign policy interests of the United States. This action constricts the export of items subject to the Export Administration Regulations to entities that have been implicated in human rights violations and abuses in China's campaign targeting Uighurs and other predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region." Commerce Department Release (related stocks: AMBA, LITE, FNSR, MU, QCOM).China has signaled it will retaliate to this action.President Trump made the following comments during a press conference last night:There is a "good possibility" of a trade deal with China, but he wants a big deal, not a partial deal.Tariffs will go up to 30% from 25% on October 15; can go higher than that, but not looking to do that right now (he is referring to the $250 bln tranche).He hopes there is a humane solution in Hong Kong.Briefing.com note: This isn't necessarily "new" news, as the president has always suggested a trade deal with China is a possibility if it is a good deal for the U.S.China will halt NBA broadcasts following tweet showing support for Hong Kong protests (related stocks: TCEHY, NKE).See 10/7 16:44 & 16:4606:02AZZ AZZ to reschedule fiscal year 2020 second quarter earnings release to allow the company additional time to complete the review of its Form 10-Q (43.01 )The conference call and live webcast was previously scheduled for Tuesday, October 8 at 11:00 a.m. ET. The company will issue a press release announcing the specific date and time of the rescheduled fiscal year 2020 second quarter earnings call upon completion of this review.06:01NIO NIO provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr (1.55 )NIO delivered 4,799 vehicles in the third quarter, increasing 35.1% from the second quarter and exceeding the middle point of the company's guidance range significantly by 499 vehicles, or 11.6%. The deliveries consisted of 4,196 ES6s, the company's 5-seater high-performance premium electric SUV, and 603 ES8s, the company's 7-seater high-performance premium electric SUV and its 6-seater variant. Deliveries in September were 2,019 vehicles, including 1,726 ES6s and 293 ES8s. As of September 30, 2019, aggregate deliveries of the company's ES6 and ES8 reached 23,689 vehicles, of which 12,341 vehicles were delivered in 2019."September deliveries in particular were positively impacted by expedited shipments ahead of China's national day holiday. In addition to the solid sequential improvement in our delivery numbers, we have seen accelerated growth of our order backlog since September supported by a more expansive sales network."06:01NVS Novartis AG receives FDA approval for Beovu, offering wet AMD patients vision gains and greater fluid reductions vs aflibercept (86.22 )Co announced that the FDA approved Beov injection, also known as RTH258 for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration. Beovu is the first FDA approved anti-VEGF to offer both greater fluid resolution versus aflibercept and the ability to maintain eligible wet AMD patients on a three-month dosing interval immediately after a three-month loading phase with uncompromised efficacy.06:01LDNXF London Stock Exchange: Hong Kong Exchange confirms it will not proceed with offer for London Stock Exchange (90.86 )06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets mixed; trade tensions heat up after US blacklists 28 Chinese entitiesThe global equity markets are mixed this morning, which essentially rhymes with the tone that the market has seen with the back and forth speculation of where trade talks with China are going. The latest development was a report that the US will blacklist 28 Chinese companies, which caused China to declare a retaliation. S&P Futures are trading around the 2930 area. After putting in a low of 2927.75, the market has once again signaled this area as a key support zone. The market capped out at 2950.00, which is a key resistance area.In Asia, both China and Hong Kong returned to action. Chinese markets traded higher all day, but in a relatively narrow range, before closing up 0.3%. The Shanghai held a bid following a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI, coming in at 51.3, compared to consensus of 52.1. The disappointing print led to speculation of stimulus. The Nikkei finished the day 1% stronger following a drop in the yen against the dollar. The currency's weakness led to a strength in export stocks, with Tech names leading the way following better than expected results from Samsung.In Europe, the major bourses are mostly lower. These markets opened higher but the positive sentiment waned. Germany posted better than expected Industrial Production for August, rising 0.3%, beating expectations for a fall of 0.2%. There are also reports that Brexit talks are breaking down, which has weakened the British Pound. Like in Japan, the weaker currency has helped buoy the FTSE, which is unchanged on the day.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -5.010 yr Note: 1.54%USD/JPY: 107.10 -0.15EUR/USD: 1.0987 +0.0016Europe: FTSE 0.0% DAX -0.5% CAC -0.5%Asia: Hang Seng +0.3% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +1.0%Gold (1504.50 +0.10) Silver (17.55 +0.01) Crude (52.55 -0.20)18:07AZUL Azul S.A. reports Sept passenger traffic (RPKs) increased 31.0% yr/yr on a capacity increase of 30.8%, resulting in a load factor of 83.3% (36.97 -0.81)In the third quarter, consolidated RPKs increased 30.7% on a capacity increase of 29.3% year over year.18:03SBLK Star Bulk Carriers filed for ~1.54 mln share offering by selling shareholder Delphin Holdings (10.45 -0.02)17:27SDC SmileDirectClub offers statement on today's set of analyst initiations (13.49 -1.23)"Today's market reports reinforce the value of our business model, unit economics and mission to transform smiles through safe, affordable and consumer-first technology to an addressable market of approximately 500 million people worldwide. We remain focused on long term shareholder value - the next 12, 24, 36 months and beyond. Our entrance into the public market allows us to reinvest in innovation, process improvements, international growth and customer experience. Our commitment to our 5,500 team members, our customers and our mission is stronger than ever."17:15JAZZ Jazz Pharma CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company (145.59 -0.26)Mr. Young's resignation is not due to any disagreement relating to the Company's operations, financial statements, internal controls, auditors, policies or practices. The Company expects that Mr. Young will continue as a consultant to the Company during a transition period following the Resignation Date to assist with the preparation and filing of the Company's next Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the transition of his duties and responsibilities.17:10DZSI DASAN Zhone Technologies resumes trade lower following downside guidance (9.62 +0.23)Sees Q3 revs $70-72 mln (prior guidance $88-94 mln) vs $91.2 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus reflecting the recent industry wide trends in reduced carrier spend combined with temporary postponements in capital spending for Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) project at selected DZS customers."Although our preliminary Q3 results were lower than anticipated due to various factors, including softer global telco wireline carrier spending in the second half of 2019, we continue to be very encouraged by the progress we are making on our 5G growth initiatives... Looking towards the fiscal year 2020, we are still on track for strong contributions from our 5G deployments, resulting in growth and expanded EBITDA margins."17:08AEM Agnico-Eagle Mines reports achievement of commercial production at Amarug satellite deposit and offers production updates (54.02 -0.31)Commercial production was achieved at the company's Amaruq satellite deposit at the Meadowbank Complex on September 30. The 100% owned Amaruq satellite deposit is located approx. 50 km northwest of the Meadowbank mine, which in turn is located approx. 110 km by road north of Baker Lake in the Kivalliq District of Nunavut, Canada. Development of the Amaruq project was approved in February 2017 by the company's Board of Directors as a satellite deposit to supply ore to the existing Meadowbank mill.Amaruq ore processing commenced in August 2019 using low-grade stockpiles. In the third quarter of 2019, production at the Meadowbank Complex totaled 48,869 ounces of gold, which included 13,588 ounces from Meadowbank and pre-commercial payable gold production at Amaruq of 35,281 ounces, compared to pre-commercial production guidance of 40,000 gold ounces. During the third quarter, mining activities at Amaruq continued to be affected by slower than expected dewatering activities. Given the slower than expected ramp up of mining activities, the company took the opportunity to accelerate planned maintenance to the milling and crushing circuits, which was originally scheduled for 2020. As a result, the mill was temporarily shut down in mid-September and is expected to restart on or about October 14.As a result, production guidance at the Meadowbank Complex for 2019 is now anticipated to be 200,000 ounces of gold (previous forecast of 230,000 ounces). Despite the lower forecast for the Meadowbank Complex, the company's FY19 production guidance of 1.75 mln ounces of gold remains unchanged.17:03ATR AptarGroup to acquire 49% equity interest in BTY, a Chinese color cosmetics packaging manufacturer (116.56 -0.77)AptarGroup has signed an agreement to acquire a 49% equity interest in three related BTY companies: Suzhou Hsing Kwang, Suqian Hsing Kwang, and Suzhou BTY, collectively referred to as BTY. The BTY entities are Chinese manufacturers of high-quality, decorative metal components, metal-plastic sub-assemblies, and complete color cosmetics packaging solutions for the beauty industry. Financial details will be disclosed upon successful completion of the transaction. The transaction is expected to close by the end of 2019, and the purchase will be funded with available cash on hand.16:38BRY Berry Petroleum reaffirms 2019 annual production and capital spending guidance (9.28 -0.05)BRY reaffirms its full year production and capital spending guidance for 2019. Co expects production to be at the mid-point of its original guidance of 28,000-31,000 boe/day and expects capital spending to be at mid-point of $195-$225 mln.Preliminary total company production for the third quarter ended September 30, 2019 averaged 29,600 boe/d with the month of September averaging 31,700 boe/d, compared to June's average of 27,400. The month of September production is nearly 88% oil, an increase from 86% in 2Q19.This improvement is primarily attributed to BRY'ss capital deployment to grow its California production. Preliminary California production, consisting of 100% Brent-based oil, for the quarter is approximately 22,900 bbl/d, an increase of 10.4% compared with last quarter and 17.7% with 3Q18.16:35HA Hawaiian Holdings reports Sept traffic (revenue passenger miles) +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity (available seat miles); raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM (25.21 -0.49)Q3 update: Total traffic increased 2.7 percent on a decrease of 0.4 percent in capacity. Load factor increased 2.7 points to 87.8 percent. Company also raised its estimates for operating revenue per ASM due to better than expected yields in long-haul markets, particularly in its International entity to down 0.5% - up 0.5% from down 1.5-4.5%; narrowed its estimates for operating cost per ASM excluding fuel and non-recurring items; narrowed its estimates for gallons of jet fuel consumed; and lowered its estimates for economic fuel cost per gallon.16:34ACGL Arch Capital estimates $65-75 mln of catastrophe losses related to third quarter events (41.63 -0.23)Arch Capital expects to report third quarter 2019 pre-tax catastrophe losses of approx. $65-75 mln, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily from Hurricane Dorian and Typhoon Faxai. At this time, there are significant uncertainties surrounding the scope of damage for these events, as well as the other global events. The company's estimate for these events is based on currently available information; actual losses from these events may vary materially from the estimates due to the inherent uncertainties in making such determinations. The loss estimates exclude the operations of Watford Holdings. Pursuant to GAAP, the company consolidates the results of Watford in its financial statements, although it only owns approx. 11% of Watford's outstanding common equity.16:22WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD16:20QGEN Qiagen also announces CEO transition; CEO Peer M. Schatz to depart to pursue new opportunities (32.06 -0.29)Mr. Schatz, CEO, has notified the company that, after 27 years at QIAGEN, he has decided to step down as CEO and Chairman of the Management Board. He will remain with QIAGEN as Special Advisor to the Supervisory Board and transition into this role in the coming weeks. The Supervisory Board will now start a search for a permanent CEO. In the meantime, Thierry Bernard, SVP, Head of Molecular Diagnostics Business Area, will now act as interim CEO and work in tandem with Roland Sackers, CFO.16:11STL Sterling Bancorp to acquire $843 mln portfolio of middle market commercial equipment finance loans/leases from Santander Bank NA (SAN); expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2019 (19.34 -0.13)As of September 30, 2019, the balance of loans and leases outstanding to be acquired was $843 million. The portfolio has a weighted average tax-equivalent yield of approximately 4.3% and consists mainly of fixed rate loans and leases. The portfolio will be integrated into Sterling's established national Equipment Finance platform, resulting in a pro forma combined portfolio of approximately $2 billion in total loans and leases outstanding.16:09ILMN Illumina partners with QIAGEN (QGEN) to deliver in-vitro diagnostic tests (301.63 -0.71)IlLMN and QGEN announce a 15-year partnership intended to broaden the availability and use of NGS-based IVD kits, including companion diagnostics, for patient management.The agreement grants QGEN non-exclusive rights to develop and globally commercialize IVD kits to be used together with Illumina's MiSeq Dx and NextSeq 550Dx Systems.The agreement also includes rights for expansion of the partnership on future Illumina diagnostic systems. Both partners are also exploring opportunities for QIAGEN to develop and market companion diagnostics based on ILMN's TruSight Oncology assays that enable comprehensive genomic profiling of tumor samples in immunotherapy. ILMN and QGEN will cooperate to commercialize a menu of clinically validated workflows that combine QGEN's proprietary content and bioinformatics solutions. The partnership will initially focus on commercializing oncology IVD kits to support patient management and may expand in the future to include additional clinical diagnostic fields, such as cardiology, hereditary diseases, infectious diseases, as well as inflammatory and autoimmune diseases.16:08QGEN Qiagen reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance (32.06 -0.29)Reaffirms Q3 adj. EPS $0.35-0.36 vs $0.36 S&P Capital IQ Consensus Estimate; total sales +3% ex-FX vs. +4-5% prior outlook, mainly due to significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China. Sales grew 6% ex-China.Initiatives announced to free up resources to invest in best growth opportunities, in particular new partnership with Illumina in NGS (next-generation sequencing) clinical decision-making.16:06RRGB Red Robin Gourmet names David Pace as Board Chairman; Pattye Moore to retire as Board Chair November 1, 2019 (32.73 -0.08)Mr. Pace was appointed to Red Robin's Board on August 6, 2019 as part of a refreshment that resulted in the addition of three new, independent directors. Mr. Pace most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Jamba Juice.16:02AQN Algonquin Power & Utilities commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares (14.06 +0.12)The net proceeds from the Offering will be used to partially finance certain of the Company's previously-announced acquisitions, to partially finance the Company's renewable development growth projects, and for general corporate purposes.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 9, 2019 Wednesday 5:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 17906 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 09-Oct-19 17:00 ET16:54PUMP ProPetro announces substantial completion of fact finding for its previously disclosed internal review; also announces CFO transition and Executive Chairman appointment and provides operational update (7.90 -0.44)The Audit Committee and management have not identified to date any items that would require restatement of the company's previously reported balance sheets, statements of operations, statements of shareholders' equity, or statements of cash flows.The new executive leaders who are joining the company will continue to evaluate certain internal control deficiencies identified as a result of the internal review. The company expects management's review of internal control deficiencies to result in one or more material weaknesses that may relate to past periods. The company cannot currently predict when this evaluation process will be completed but will seek to complete the evaluation process, take appropriate corrective actions and make necessary filings with the SEC with a view to becoming current in its filing obligations as soon as reasonably practicable.Additional details regarding the internal review and related matters can be found in a Form 8-K that the company filed today with the SEC.Jeffrey Smith, formerly CFO, has been named Chief Administrative Officer, with primary responsibility for the company's information technology, human resources, procurement, and risk management functions. Darin G. Holderness, formerly CFO of Concho Resources (CXO) from 2015-2016, has agreed to serve as Interim CFO while the company conducts a search for a permanent Chief Financial Officer. Ian Denholm has resigned from his position as Chief Accounting Officer. Current Board Chairman Phillip A. Gobe has been appointed as Executive Chairman of the company.Operational Update: The company's effectively utilized fleet count was approx. 25.1 fleets during the third quarter of 2019. Due to customer budget exhaustion, seasonality, and overall softening industry demand, ProPetro currently estimates effective utilization in the fourth quarter will be 18-20 fleets.16:35ON ON Semiconductor entered into binding term sheet with Power Integrations (POWI) on Oct 4 to end all outstanding legal and administrative disputes (17.91 +0.79)ON Semiconductor agreed to pay Power Integrations $175.0 million in cash. In addition, each party agreed to release the other party from any claims to damages or monetary relief for alleged acts of patent infringement across the various patent infringement litigations and not to file any additional action for legal or equitable relief for a number of years. Neither party granted any licenses to the other. ON expects to recognize a one-time charge relating to the settlement with Power Integrations in the quarter ended September 27, 2019, which will adversely impact the Company's GAAP results of operations, but which is not expected to impact the Company's non-GAAP results of operations.16:33AWK American Water Works's Pennsylvania American Water announces acquisition of Steelton Borough Authority Water System for $21.75 mln (124.87 +0.99)Pennsylvania American Water has acquired the water assets of the Steelton Borough Authority in Dauphin County. The purchase price for the system, which serves nearly 2,400 customers, was $21.75 mln. The sale of the water system is expected to allow the borough to eliminate its existing water debt, build up budget reserves, and invest in capital projects.16:31FORM FormFactor acquires Germany-based FRT, expanding addressable market by $150 mln (19.62 +0.23)Co announces the acquisition of FRT, based in Germany. FRT is a metrology supplier in the semiconductor industry, with revenues expanding at more than 75% compounded annual growth rate since its inception in 2016 to 2018.FORM paid 19.7 mln in cash for the acquisition. Up to 10.3 mln of additional cash consideration may be payable subject to the performance of the acquired business in 2020. This acquisition is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings on a non-GAAP basis. This acquisition strengthens FORM's position in test and measurement by expanding its addressable market into 3D surface metrology and extending the optical applications scope of its existing Engineering Systems business.The acquisition expands FORM's addressable market by $150 mln.16:26APAM Artisan Partners Asset Mgmt reports assets under management as of September 30, 2019 of $112.5 bln vs $111.5 bln at prior month-end (26.01 +0.18)16:23AB AllianceBernstein reports that preliminary month-end assets under management increased to $592 bln during September 2019 from $587 bln at the end of August (28.57 +0.10)The 0.9% increase was due to total firmwide net inflows as well as market appreciation. By channel, net inflows in Retail and Institutions exceeded net outflows from Private Wealth.16:23WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 gained 0.9% on Wednesday after a report indicating China's willingness to reach a partial trade deal seemingly improved investor sentiment. The broad-based rebound, led by large-cap technology stocks, lifted the Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.7%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.0%) to decent gains. The small-cap Russell 2000 (+0.5%) rose modestly.The reported terms included China agreeing to buy more agricultural products from the U.S. in exchange for no further tariff increases on goods imported from China. Bloomberg received this information from an unnamed official with "direct knowledge of the talks," and the Financial Times followed up with news that Beijing could increase its soybean purchases by 10 million tons annually.Despite the caveat that structural trade issues were reportedly not in China's interest to resolve this week, all 11 S&P 500 sectors were undeterred for most of the day. The information technology sector (+1.5%) led all sectors in gains, with the other ten groups rising between 0.3% (real estate) and 1.1% (energy).This was a quick rebound from Tuesday when the market began to doubt that progress would be made after the U.S. blacklisted 28 Chinese firms and imposed visa bans on Chinese officials tied to human rights abuses. A late-session report from Reuters indicated that Beijing has indeed lowered its expectations due to the blacklisting damaging goodwill, causing stocks to lose steam into the close.Understandably, many investors were hesitant to trade on the pre-meeting news and the lack of surprising details in the minutes from the Sept. 17-18 FOMC meeting. Trading volume was noticeably low at the NYSE and Nasdaq.At the very least, there was some relief that China may not retaliate against the U.S. and that there could be a chance that there will be no tariff rate increases on Oct. 15 and Dec. 15 as is currently planned. The outperformance of the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+1.7%) reflected this view.Some story stocks included Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 129.23, -2.61, -2.0%) and American Airlines (AAL 27.07, +0.81, +3.1%). JNJ was ordered to pay $8 billion in a case involving its Risperdal drug. American Airlines pre-announced in-line third quarter results and delayed the return date for its Boeing (BA 374.96, +0.86, +0.2%) 737 MAX to Jan. 16.U.S. Treasuries finished the session on a lower note. The 2-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased five basis points to 1.59%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.13. WTI crude declined 0.1% (-$0.03) to $52.63/bbl.Reviewing Wednesday's economic data:Wholesale inventories increased 0.2% m/m in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.4%), on top of an unrevised 0.2% increase in July. Wholesale sales were flat in August after increasing 0.2% in July.The key takeaway from the report is that it could prove difficult for wholesalers to gain pricing power given that inventory growth remains well ahead of sales growth on a yr/yr basis.August Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey showed that job openings declined to 7.051 million from a revised 7.174 million in July (from 7.217 million).The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index increased 5.4% following an 8.1% increase in the prior week.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Price Index for September and the weekly Initial and Continuing Claims report on Thursday.Nasdaq Composite +19.1% YTDS&P 500 +16.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +12.9% YTDRussell 2000 +9.7% YTD16:17TGT Target appoints Michael Fiddelke as CFO, effective November 1 (110.36 +1.84)In more than 15 years at Target, Mr. Fiddelke has served in a variety of roles across finance, merchandising, human resources, and operations. Most recently he served as SVP of Operations.As previously announced, and to ensure a smooth transition, current CFO Cathy Smith will begin serving as a strategic advisor on November 1. She will remain in that capacity until May 1, 2020.16:15COST Costco reports Sept total comps +4.2%, e-commerce comps +17.8% (core ie ex gas/FX +5.6%) vs last month of +5.5, e-commerce comps +23.9% (core ie ex gas/FX +5.9%) (296.90 +5.01)16:14SCANX Market Internals -Technical-DOW closes up at 26346 (0.7%). Nasdaq closes up at 7904 (1.02%). S&P 500 closes up at 2919 (0.91%). Action came on lower than average volume (NYSE 659 mln vs avg. of 933 mln; NASDAQ 1521 mln vs avg. of 2084 mln), with advancers outpacing decliners (NYSE 2003/935, NASDAQ 1979/1116) and new highs outpacing new lows (NYSE 85/70, NASDAQ 31/112).Relative Strength:Shipping-SEA +1.81%, Greece 20-GREK +1.8%, Semiconductors-SMH +1.76%, ISE Cloud Computing-SKYY +1.49%, India-INDA +1.49%, Tech Select-XLK +1.46%, China Large Cap-FXI +1.41%, BRIC-EEB +1.4%, Brazil-EWZ +1.36%, Egypt -EGPT +1.35%Relative Weakness:Short Term Futures-VXX -3.35%, Turkey-TUR -2.63%, U.S. Nat Gas -UNG -2.29%, Cocoa-NIB -1.93%, Junior Gold Mine-GDXJ -1.75%, Global X Silver Miners -SIL -1.58%, Peru-EPU -1%, Japanese Yen-FXY -0.33%, Malaysia-EWM -0.22%, Swiss Franc-FXF -0.13%16:11IVZ Invesco reports preliminary month-end assets under management for September 2019 of $1,184.4 bln, an increase of 0.8% vs the prior month (15.39 +0.01)The increase was driven by favorable market returns, non-management fee earning AUM inflows, reinvested distributions of $2.2 bln, and foreign exchange of $0.3 bln, partially offset by net long-term outflows and lower money market AUM. Preliminary average total AUM for the quarter through September 30 were $1,188.2 bln, and preliminary average active AUM for the quarter through September 30 were $915.6 bln.16:10VRTS Virtus Investment Partners reports total AUM at the end of Q3 down 0.9% Q/Q to $104 bln (89.47 -3.76)16:05MDT Medtronic announces FDA classification of 6F Sherpa NX Active Catheter action initiated in March 2019 as a Class I recall (106.75 +1.74)The FDA has classified the company's voluntary field action initiated in March 2019 related to the 6F Sherpa NX Active Coronary Guide Catheter as a Class I recall. The catheter is used during coronary and peripheral interventional procedures. This issue does not affect the Medtronic Launcher Coronary Guide Catheter or other Medtronic coronary stents, balloons or implantable devices. In response to receiving six complaints, Medtronic conducted a thorough investigation of certain lots of the product and determined that the affected catheters may have a potential to lose outer material from a distal component that could result in the underlying stainless-steel braid wires being exposed after insertion. While Medtronic has received no reports of patient injuries, as a precaution, Medtronic has voluntarily recalled all models of the 6F Sherpa NX Active Catheters due to potential patient risks associated with this issue. The issue has been reported to FDA and other regulatory authorities. Customers using the catheter have been asked to return all affected inventory to Medtronic.16:03AEGN Aegion awarded two-year contract valued at $6.9 mln from Miami-Dade County (20.34 +0.10)Co announces that its subsidiary, Insituform Technologies, has been awarded a two-year term contract valued at $6.9 mln from Miami-Dade County in Florida. The contract includes an option for the county to renew for an additional two years on a yearly basis. Insituform will receive several work releases beginning in late 2019 and expects to rehabilitate more than 26 miles of 8- to 36-inch diameter wastewater pipelines using Insituform cured-in-place pipe throughout the county over the two-year period.15:58TALKX Market Briefing: New trade-related headline cools off rally effortA trend-up day was interrupted a short time ago by a Reuters report indicating Chinese officials said they were lowering expectations for progress at this week's trade negotiations as the U.S. blacklisting Chinese firms damaged "goodwill."Prior to this headline, the market had been rallying all day on the back of a Bloomberg News report that China was still open to a partial trade deal despite the blacklisting and the visa ban on Chinese officials allegedly linked to human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.This seesaw headline action is par for the course in front of a trade meeting some think could have great import for the global growth outlook.Overall, the selling damage off the Reuters headline has been limited in scope, but it goes to show nothing can be taken for granted with these headlines until they are attributed directly to the senior officials in the room doing the negotiating.The Nasdaq Composite is up 1.1%; the S&P 500 is up 1.0%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.8%; and the Russell 2000 is up 0.4%.15:50COST Costco hits one-month high ahead of September sales report (296.81 +4.92)Costco (COST) is trading at a one-month high ahead of September sales results this afternoon (16:15).On Tuesday, Telsey Advisory Group projected a total comp of 3.8% vs. 8.4% last year. They forecast a core merchandise comp of 4.8% vs. 7.3% last year excluding a projected net gas and FX headwind of ~100 bps, with a US comp, ex-gas, of 5.0% vs. 7.7% last year. Comp sales grew 5.1% in the second quarter.Costco is the third largest brick and mortar retailer in the U.S. in terms of market value, behind only Walmart and Home Depot. At ~18x forward EV/EBITDA, it trades at a higher multiple than almost every other established retailer.15:43SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Roku (ROKU) advances following analyst upgrade -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersROKU (117.81 +9.08%): Upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Macquarie, which believes that co can double or triple its user base to over 70 mln active accounts by 2022 as the shift to connected TV viewing continues to ramp, especially internationally. RYAAY (68.92 +4.41%): The stock advances to its highest levels since May on well above average volume. In recent sector press, co's regional low-cost airline peer EasyJet reported earlier this week that it expects to deliver FY19 headline profit before tax of between 420-430 mln, in the upper half of its previous guidance range -- due in part to co's pilot strike-induced disruptions, which have shifted demand to other carriers. ALGN (191.53 +3.92%): Breaks out of its recent range to reach two-month highs. Co will announce its Q3 results after the close on October 23, two weeks from today.Large Cap LosersWORK (24.7 -3.91%): Hearing co's price target was lowered at D.A. Davidson. WES (23.49 -2.95%): Sees continued volatility on somewhat higher than average volume, returning yesterday's recovery effort; other energy names exhibiting modest relative underperformance today include IMO, CVE. CRWD (63.74 -2.4%): Moderate continued volatility; the stock has declined during the most recent two sessions after rising by circa 21% during the preceding three trading days.15:38TGT Target (+1.6%) hits record high after consolidating for nearly two months following blow out second quarter results in August (111.10 +2.58)15:26SUMRX Earnings out tomorrow morning: DALTomorrow morning: DAL None scheduled for this afternoon15:13BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Slide Ahead of China-U.S. Trade MeetingU.S. Treasuries retreated on Wednesday with issues in the belly of the curve pacing the slide. Treasuries started the cash session a bit below yesterday's closing levels after the overnight session was highlighted by a couple optimistic-sounding headlines related to the looming negotiations between China and the U.S. A Bloomberg report noted that Chinese negotiators, who will meet with their U.S. counterparts tomorrow, may be open to a partial trade deal. This was followed by a report from Financial Times, indicating that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by 10 mln tons. Later in the day, Fox Business reported that the White House is giving serious consideration to a limited deal. Treasuries backtracked throughout the day, with longer tenors hitting lows upon the completion of today's $24 bln 10-yr Treasury note reopening, which met decent demand. 10s and 30s remained just above their lows until the close while the 2-yr note hit a fresh low after the release of the Minutes from the September FOMC meeting. The Minutes noted that "a few" participants commented on the possibility of resuming asset purchases in order to stabilize the level of reserves in the banking system. However, Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, has already gone a step beyond that, essentially confirming that "organic" balance sheet expansion will resume soon during remarks made yesterday and today. The U.S. Dollar Index slipped overnight, but returned to its flat line (99.13) as the day wore on. Yield Check: 2-yr: +4 bps to 1.46% 3-yr: +6 bps to 1.43% 5-yr: +5 bps to 1.41% 10-yr: +5 bps to 1.59% 30-yr: +5 bps to 2.09%News: Turkey began a military operation in Northern Syria today. Reuters reported that China will block visas for U.S. visitors with connections to "anti-China" groups. The announcement was made after the U.S. imposed visa bans on Chinese officials linked to detention centers in Xinjiang. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, and Irish Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, will reportedly meet in Liverpool tomorrow. Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%. Today's Data: Wholesale inventories increased 0.2% m/m in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.4%), on top of an unrevised 0.2% increase in July. Wholesale sales were flat in August after increasing 0.2% in July. The key takeaway from the report is that it could prove difficult for wholesalers to gain pricing power given that inventory growth remains well ahead of sales growth on a yr/yr basis. Job Openings decreased to 7.051 mln in August from a revised 7.174 mln (from 7.217 mln) in July. The weekly MBA Mortgage Index rose 5.4% to follow last week's 8.1% increase. The Purchase Index fell 4.4% while the Refinance Index rose 9.8%. Weekly crude oil inventories increased by 2.7 mln barrels after increasing by 3.1 mln barrels during the previous week. $24 bln 10-year Treasury note reopening results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.590% (2.494%). Bid-to-cover: 2.43 (2.42). Indirect bid: 58.5% (62.8%). Direct bid: 12.8% (11.3%). Commodities: WTI crude: -0.1% to $52.63/bbl Gold: +0.6% to $1512.60/ozt Copper: -0.1% to $2.568/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0974 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2209 USD/CNH: -0.4% to 7.1365 USD/JPY: +0.4% to 107.52 The Day Ahead: 8:30 ET: September CPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.1%), core CPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.3%), weekly Initial Claims (Briefing.com consensus 218,000; prior 215,000), and Continuing Claims (prior 1.651 mln) 10:30 ET: Weekly natural gas inventories (prior +112 bcf) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $16 bln 30-yr Treasury bond reopening results14:40SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Generac (GNRC) continues to outperform amid California power outages -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersGNRC (83.77 +9.05%): The backup power generation equipment provider outperforms amid California power outages; PG&E (PCG) is implementing a proactive Public Safety Power Shutoff affecting up to some 800K customers across counties in the central and northern parts of the state as a safety measure following forecasts for dry, hot, and windy weather that include potential fire risk. The weather event is expected to last through midday Thursday. The stock trades in proximity to its all-time highs. IRDM (22.02 +7.62%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Sidoti. The stock, which shed more than 20% from mid-September through the early part of October, lifts off of yesterday's seven-month lows. PTON (24.63 +6.12%): Initiated with an Outperform rating and a $28 price target at Robert W. Baird. Continued volatility for the late September IPO.Mid Cap LosersGTES (8.8 -7.27%): Downgraded to Sector Perform from Outperform at RBC Capital Mkts, citing an expectation that bumpiness could increase in co's short-cycle industrial end markets amid pressure from demand weakness and ongoing destocking. LEVI (17.75 -6.41%): Reported Q3 earnings; co topped consensus for EPS on in-line revs (+4.3% yr/yr to $1.45 bln) and reaffirmed its FY19 guidance. By region, revs increased +14% yr/yr in Europe and +9% in Asia while decreasing 3% in the Americas, co's largest category, primarily reflecting a decline in the region's wholesale business caused by a Dockers line reset, reduced shipments to the off-price channel in 2019, and the impact in 2019 of a pending acquisition of a South American distributor. Wholesale softness in the region was offset in part by DTC business growth; co also reported strong performances across its European and Asian DTC channels. MRNA (14.56 -4.9%): Sees moderate weakness, touching down to its lowest levels since August, alongside various biotech sector peers. In sector events, an IPO for a clinical-stage biotechnology company with a pipeline focused partly on individualized mRNA-based product candidates, BioNTech, is expected to occur later this week. (Related: XLRN, ALLO, RETA...)14:36COMDX Energy Settlement PricesNov Crude Oil futures fell $0.03 (-0.06%) to $52.6/barrel Nov Natural Gas $0.06 lower (-2.53%) at $2.23/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.01 higher (0.51%) at $1.589/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (0.52%) at $1.92/gallon14:35TALKX Market Briefing: Muted reaction to FOMC MinutesThe minutes from the Sept. 17-18 FOMC meeting largely repeated what the market knew was true about that meeting based on the directive that followed the meeting. There was dissension in the ranks for various reasons when it came to cutting rates. Nevertheless, the majority view that the target range should be cut by 25 basis points won out.That cut was driven largely by concerns about the trade uncertainty, weakening conditions abroad, and a bid to take out some policy insurance to keep a slowdown from gathering downside momentum.The initial response by the market to the minutes has been muted, which makes sense given that there weren't any major surprises.One item that will get some added attention is that "a few participants" registered concern about prices in financial markets getting ahead of themselves in discounting the likelihood of continued accommodation than what these participants felt was justified. Accordingly, they thought it might become necessary for the Fed to realign those expectations with the Fed's own expectations for the rate-cut path.That sounds hawkish at first blush, but the wings of that view were clipped so to speak by the understanding that Fed Chair Powell gave a speech yesterday in which he highlighted risks to the outlook and said the Fed would be data dependent in a policy-setting process that is not a on a preset course.The rub here is that economic data since the last FOMC meeting hasn't been too stellar overall; moreover, the trade uncertainty has escalated, the Brexit uncertainty has persisted, and foreign economic data has continued to deteriorate.The bigger takeaway, though, is that Mr. Powell didn't take the opportunity to talk down the market's high expectations for a rate cut at the October FOMC meeting, evidenced by the CME FedWatch Tool showing an 80.7% probability of a 25-basis points rate cut at that meeting.The minutes for the September FOMC meeting, then, offered some interesting insight, yet they were ultimately too dated to change the market's more current view of what it expects to happen at the next policy meeting (Oct. 29-30).14:23ECONX FOMC Minutes- Key Excerpts- In line with Recent comments; Markets seeing muted reaction as commentary viewed as relatively dated following Powell speech yesterdayA couple of participants raised the concern that keeping policy rates low for a long time could lead to excessive risk taking in financial markets and threaten financial stability. However, a couple of other participants judged that macroprudential tools could be used to help ensure that any over leveraging of households and firms did not threaten the financial system, while monetary policy needed to be focused on achieving maximum employment and symmetric 2 percent inflation.Money markets were stable over most of the period, and the reduction in the interest on excess reserves (IOER) rate following the July FOMC meeting fully passed through to money market rates. However, money markets became highly volatile just before the September meeting, apparently spurred partly by large corporate tax payments and Treasury settlements, and remained so through the time of the meeting.In an environment of greater perceived uncertainty about potential outflows related to the corporate tax payment date, typical lenders in money markets were less willing to accommodate increased dealer demand for funding. Moreover, some banks maintained reserve levels significantly above those reported in the Senior Financial Officer Survey about their lowest comfortable level of reserves rather than lend in repo markets. Money market mutual funds reportedly also held back some liquidity in order to cushion against potential outflows.Financing conditions in consumer credit markets remained generally supportive of growth in consumer spending, although supply conditions continued to be tight for subprime credit card borrowers.Several participants noted that statistical models designed to gauge the probability of recession, including those based on information from the yield curve, suggested that the likelihood of a recession occurring over the medium term had increased notably in recent months. However, a couple of these participants stressed the difficulty of extracting the right signal from these probability models, especially in the current period of unusually low levels of term premiums.Some participants judged that a prolonged inversion of the yield curve could be a matter of concern. Participants also noted that equity prices had exhibited volatility but had been largely flat, on balance, over the intermeeting period. Several participants cited considerations that led them to be concerned about financial stability, including low risk spreads and a buildup of corporate debt, corporate stock buybacks financed through low-cost leverage, and the pace of lending in the CRE market. However, several others pointed to signs that the financial system remained resilient.Market participants remained attentive to a range of global risk factors that could affect the policy rate path, including trade tensions between the United States and China, developments in Europe, political tensions in Hong Kong, uncertainties related to Brexit, and escalating geopolitical tension in the Middle East following attacks on Saudi oil facilities.The average monthly change in core PCE prices in recent months was faster than earlier this year, suggesting that the soft inflation readings during the earlier period were transitory... All participants continued to project that total inflation, as measured by the four-quarter percent change in the price index for personal consumption expenditures (PCE), would increase from 2019 to 2020, and many expected another slight increase in 2021. The vast majority of participants expected that inflation would be at or slightly above the Committee's 2 percent objective in 2021 and 2022.A few participants noted the possibility of resuming trend growth of the balance sheet to help stabilize the level of reserves in the banking system. Participants agreed that any Committee decision regarding the trend pace of balance sheet expansion necessary to maintain a level of reserve balances appropriate to facilitate policy implementation should be clearly distinguished from past largescale asset purchase programs that were aimed at altering the size and composition of the Federal Reserve's asset holdings in order to provide monetary policy accommodation and ease overall financial conditions. Several participants suggested that such a discussion could benefit from also considering the merits of introducing a standing repurchase agreement facility as part of the framework for implementing monetary policy.14:01ECONX FOMC Minutes- Most policy makers felt 25 bps cut needed given economic outlook14:00ECONX Fed releases minutes from September meetingFed Release14:00DAL Delta Air Lines will report third quarter results tomorrow morning (53.84 +0.64)Delta Air Lines (DAL) will report third quarter results tomorrow morning at 7:00 AM; management will host a conference call at 10:00.Last week, the Atlanta, Georgia-based airline preannounced third quarter unit revenue in-line but warned about costs.Delta guided for third quarter EPS of $2.20-2.30, from $2.10-2.40 previously, pre-tax margin up 175 bps to 15.5% vs. 14.5-16.5% guidance, unit revenue +2.5% vs. +1.5-3.5% guidance, and unit cost up 2.5% vs. +1-2% guidance due to employee costs, volume and weather.Delta also raised FY19 unit cost guidance to +2% from +1% on employee wage increases and maintenance timing. The company rewarded eligible employees for industry leading performance with a 4% raise this month.The stock fell (through its 200-DMA and 50-WMA) to a four-month low in response to the higher than expected cost outlook. News of potential tariffs on Airbus (EADSY) imports also weighed on the stock that day.Given Delta's preannouncement, focus will be on guidance for the fourth quarter. S&P Capital IQ Consensus projects EPS up 15% to $1.50. Cowen's Helane Becker expects Delta to guide for fourth quarter unit revenue up 0-2%.Delta previously guided for FY19 EPS of $6.75-7.25 (+25%), revenue up 6-7% with solid margin expansion.On the call, we will look for more color on industry demand; domestic, international and among leisure and business travelers. We will also look for the potential impact of Airbus tariffs and strategic plans for its $2 bln LATAM Airlines (LTM) partnership/investment, which was announced in late September.Despite being on track to report more than $5 bln in operating profit for the sixth consecutive year, Delta and its airline peers still trade at a notable discount to industrial peers. With a $34 bln market cap, Delta trades at just over 5x/EBITDA (roughly in-line with American and United but a discount to Southwest) and 7x EPS estimates.13:42COMDX Metals Settlement PricesDec gold settled today's session up $8.30 (0.55%) at $1512.2/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.11 higher (0.62%) at $17.81/oz Dec copper settled flat at $2.5685/lb13:19OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:HEXO Oct 4 calls (volume: 1670, open int: 670, implied vol: ~137%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.DHT Nov 8 calls (volume: 1860, open int: 50, implied vol: ~54%, prev day implied vol: 48%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.LUV Oct 54 calls (volume: 2590, open int: 20, implied vol: ~35%, prev day implied vol: 32%). Co is confirmed to report earnings October 24 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:JNJ Oct 130 puts (volume: 1280, open int: 3030, implied vol: ~27%, prev day implied vol: 23%). Co is confirmed to report earnings October 15 before the open.DB Nov 7 puts (volume: 9030, open int: 160, implied vol: ~44%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is scheduled to present at a Capital Link conference on October 15. Co is expected to report earnings early November.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.17, VIX: (18.80, -1.48, -7.3%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:15SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Materials: X (25.98 mln -8.43%), FCX (11.22 mln -0.06%), CLF (8.63 mln -1.19%)Industrials: GE (18.06 mln -0.12%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (22.67 mln -5.29%), ROKU (18.99 mln +7.23%), F (8.55 mln +0.35%)Information Technology: AMD (20.79 mln +0.97%), AAPL (10.01 mln +1.14%), MSFT (8.96 mln +1.69%)Financials: BAC (18.86 mln +1.07%), TQQQ (11.53 mln +3.21%), QQQ (10.34 mln +1.05%), SQQQ (8.74 mln -3.16%)Energy: CHK (29.11 mln +0%), ECA (13.23 mln -0.48%), RIG (10.8 mln -0.98%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (9.18 mln +0.66%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: DBVT (8.54x -5.44%), PRQR (3.3x +11.45%), QGEN (2.73x +4.33%), AVNS (2.08x +4.85%), FPRX (1.85x +21.68%)Materials: X (1.83x -8.43%)Industrials: DOOR (1.92x +0.68%), GNRC (1.9x +9.59%), ESE (1.58x +1.48%)Consumer Discretionary: IRBT (4.1x -5.02%), AOBC (2.36x +7.15%)Information Technology: MPWR (4.28x -3.01%), FEYE (1.57x +4.6%)Financials: JRVR (17.73x -22.25%), CIBR (1.58x +1.16%)Energy: EURN (2.45x +0.72%), FRO (2.32x -1.33%), TOO (1.78x +0.65%)Utilities: NGG (1.59x -0.6%)13:13SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: FPRX (4.49 +21.68%), PRQR (6.62 +11.45%), ADAP (1.08 +7.41%), DVAX (4.05 +7%), CYRX (14.59 +5.42%), AVNS (38.51 +4.85%), TNDM (55.47 +4.39%)Industrials: GNRC (84.2 +9.59%), RYAAY (69.2 +4.83%)Consumer Discretionary: ROKU (115.81 +7.23%), AOBC (6.44 +7.15%), SNBR (42.69 +6.14%), VNE (14.34 +4.9%), BOOT (34.34 +4.76%), CVNA (69.53 +4.73%)Information Technology: FEYE (14.48 +4.6%)Financials: PPDF (2.82 +6.63%)Consumer Staples: UNFI (7.43 +4.65%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ASMB (8.18 -8.91%), CHRS (18.95 -8.01%), MNK (2.26 -7.76%), MRNA (14.41 -5.87%)Materials: RFP (4.16 -8.97%), X (10.1 -8.43%), TMST (5.47 -6.66%)Industrials: GTES (8.85 -6.74%), MAXR (7.34 -6.5%)Consumer Discretionary: WTRH (1.08 -6.23%)Financials: JRVR (38.05 -22.25%)Energy: SPN (0.38 -20.5%), HPR (1.22 -8.27%), RES (4.77 -8.01%), NINE (5.25 -6.84%), LBRT (9.53 -5.92%)Utilities: JE (1.96 -6.67%)13:08LLY Eli Lilly announced that Verzenio in combination with fulvestrant significantly extended life by a median of 9.4 months in women with hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer previously treated with endocrine therapy (107.51 +0.32)Both of these analyses were pre-defined and results are consistent with the intent-to-treat (ITT) results from the MONARCH 2 study which had previously demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in the primary endpoint of progression-free survival, with overall survival as a secondary endpoint of the trial. In addition to extending life, an exploratory analysis of these data has shown Verzenio in combination with fulvestrant delayed the time to chemotherapy, with a median time to chemotherapy of 50.2 months versus 22.1 months in the placebo arm (HR: 0.625; 95% CI: 0.501, 0.779). In this exploratory analysis, women who died before receiving chemotherapy were included up until the date of death. This finding may be an important treatment consideration in advanced breast cancer as physicians aim to postpone the use of chemotherapy for as long as possible.13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$24 bln 10-year Treasury note reopening: Auction results: High yield: 1.590% (When-Issued: 1.591%) Bid-to-cover: 2.43Indirect bid: 58.5% Direct bid: 12.8% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.494% Bid-to-cover: 2.42 Indirect bid: 62.8% Direct bid: 11.3%13:02SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New lows (83) outpacing new highs (36) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: AIV, AJX, AMH, AMWD, AVB, CPT, CY, DHT, DLR, DOCU, DSSI, ES, ESS, FRO, HCP, HTA, INSW, INVH, IRT, JCOM, KBH, LPG, MAA, MPW, NAT, O, OHI, QTS, STNG, SUI, SUM, TGT, TNK, TNP, TRNO, TYLStocks that traded to 52 week lows: AAWW, ABMD, ADS, AGIO, AMG, ANDE, APEI, AR, ASMB, BCRX, BGS, CBAY, CDEV, CLVS, CNSL, CRY, CTMX, CTRA, DNOW, DZSI, ENBL, ENTA, EOG, EPM, FANG, FCX, FDX, FET, FLDM, FTCH, GDOT, GOSS, GPRO, HEP, HMHC, ICPT, IRBT, JCAP, KALV, LBRT, LKCO, LMNX, LXFR, MAC, MDP, MRC, MRO, MTW, NDLS, NESR, NFG, NKTR, NTLA, NVT, ORBC, OXSQ, OXY, PAA, PBT, PBYI, PSNL, PUMP, QGEN, RES, RFP, RRC, SDRL, SENS, SILK, SLCA, SM, SPG, SRNE, TCO, TDW, TLRD, TRUP, URGN, VKTX, VRAY, WBS, X, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: UHT, WDFCThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: ALBO, BSTC, CLXT, CMCT, FULC, MANU, NPKETFs that traded to 52 week lows: OIH, XES12:57WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks rebounding on report that China wants to negotiate a partial trade dealU.S. stocks are trending higher in midday action, presumably on a report that China is willing to negotiate a partial trade deal that doesn't resolve structural issues. Shares of technology and energy companies lead the rebound rally that has the S&P 500 (+0.9%) back above the 2900 level. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.7%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 1.0%.Under the terms indicated by an "unnamed official" to Bloomberg, China would agree to buy more agricultural products in exchange for the U.S. to hold off on any further tariff increases. A separate report from the Financial Times noted that China could increase its annual purchases of U.S. soybeans to 30 million tons from 20 million tons.Although key issues like forced technology transfers are unlikely to be resolved in the upcoming trade talks, the news has been construed as a positive. This might be since some began to think yesterday that trade talks would yield no progress, leading to a planned increase in tariff rates on Oct. 15 and Dec. 15, after the U.S. blacklisted 28 more Chinese firms and imposed visa bans on Chinese officials linked to human rights abuses.A relief bid, then, appears to be lifting all 11 S&P 500 sectors up between 0.4% (utilities) and 1.4% (information technology). The energy sector (+1.0%) joins the tech sector atop the standings amid a rise in oil prices ($53.30/bbl, +0.68, +1.3%). Oil may be seeing higher demand after Turkey launched a military operation in Syria that could increase the geopolitical risk in the region.Despite the positive bias in the equity market, investors should caution against placing too much credence in preliminary trade reports. Neither side has officially commented on today's news, and market participants might have to wait until those talks end on Friday for a clearer indication on where things stand.In corporate news, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 129.09, -2.75, -2.1%) was ordered to pay $8 billion in a case involving its Risperdal drug. American Airlines (AAL 27.16, +0.91, +3.5%) preannounced in-line third quarter results and delayed the return of its Boeing (BA 374.16, +0.03, unch) 737 MAX to Jan. 16.U.S. Treasuries have steadily declined throughout the session, which has sent yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.58%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 99.14.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:Wholesale inventories increased 0.2% m/m in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.4%), on top of an unrevised 0.2% increase in July. Wholesale sales were flat in August after increasing 0.2% in July.The key takeaway from the report is that it could prove difficult for wholesalers to gain pricing power given that inventory growth remains well ahead of sales growth on a yr/yr basis.August Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey showed that job openings declined to 7.051 million from a revised 7.174 million in July (from 7.217 million).The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index increased 5.4% following an 8.1% increase in the prior week.As a reminder, the FOMC Minutes from the September meeting will be released at 2:00 p.m. ET.12:24FPRX Five Prime Therapeutics advances 19% following share purchase disclosures from Biotechnology Value Fund (4.39 +0.70)Last night, one of the company's major shareholder entities, Biotechnology Value Fund, disclosed its recent purchase of 601,482 of the company's shares, valued collectively at circa $2.3 mln, in various transactions. The stock makes gains while trading with close to 2x its average volume.12:09LVMUY LVMH reports Q3 revs +17% yr/yr (11% on organic basis) to EUR 13.32 bln vs. EUR 12.76 bln consensus (79.81 +2.58)"The United States and Europe saw good progress in the third quarter, as did Asia, despite the difficult context in Hong Kong."12:05SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- James River Group (JRVR) declines following policy cancellation with major customer -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersAOBC (6.6 +9.82%): Upgraded to Buy from Hold and assigned a $10 price target at Craig Hallum. SNBR (43.79 +8.88%): Upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform and given a $48 target at Raymond James. Co will report its Q3 results after the market closes next Tuesday, October 15. SNDL (4.72 +7.27%): In recent press, co today issued a response to "baseless class action lawsuits"; the lawsuits in question, said co, "stem from a single online article, which erroneously described a since-resolved commercial dispute." Co notes that a product return referenced in the article "represented a minimal percentage of [co's] total production to date" and that is has had an at-most "negligible" impact on any of its quarterly earnings.Small Cap LosersJRVR (38.1 -22.15%): Dropped to its lowest levels since January after announcing that it has delivered a notice of early cancellation, effective December 31, of all insurance policies issued to its largest customer, Rasier LLC and its affiliates; a majority of the insurance policies related to this customer, which are included in co's commercial auto line of business, were due to expire on February 29, 2020. The account has not met co's expectations for profitability. Co also announced two items that will impact its Q3 results: a pre-tax, adverse development of between $55-60 mln, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums, and growth of +72% yr/yr in its Core (Non-Commercial Auto) Excess and Surplus Lines Gross Written Premium. Downgraded at SunTrust and B. Riley FBR. LOOP (11.17 -12.6%): Filed for a common stock offering of approx. 2.08 mln shares by selling shareholders. X (10.11 -8.34%): Announced executive management changes and operating model reorganization. Co's CFO, Kevin P. Bradley, announced his intention to resign, effective November 4; he will be succeeded by Christine Breves, who has been with co since 2013 and who currently serves as SVP, Manufacturing Support and Chief Supply Chain Officer. Separately, co, effective in January, will implement "an enhanced operating model and organizational structure to accelerate [co's] strategic transformation" that will align co's corporate structure more closely with co's previously announced strategic investments, including its recently purchased minority interest in Big River Steel; co reports that the enhanced operating model will position co to deliver approx. $200 mln of annual fixed cost savings by 2022. Touches down to multi-year lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$24 bln 10-year Treasury note reopening (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.739% Bid-to-cover: 2.46 Indirect bid: 62.6% Direct bid: 12.7% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.494% Bid-to-cover: 2.42 Indirect bid: 62.8% Direct bid: 11.3%10:59TALKX Market Briefing: Rebound underway as China reportedly still willing to dealA Bloomberg News report that China remains open to striking a partial trade deal has led to a full body move in the stock market. All 11 sectors are trading higher, with information technology (+1.2%) and energy (+1.0%) at the front of the pack.The Chinese are reportedly willing to buy more agricultural goods if the U.S. refrains from imposing any additional tariff increases.Trump Administration officials have been quiet so far on whether they find China's notion of a partial deal acceptable; nevertheless, market participants are pushing a relief trade on the heels of yesterday's thinking that nothing constructive would come out of this week's trade negotiations after the U.S. blacklisted 28 more Chinese government and commercial firms and imposed a visa ban on officials who have allegedly committed human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.Importantly, China's interest in a partial deal would reportedly not include any concessions on major structural issues. Knowing that, one needs to remain suspect about the sustainability of today's early move since it is clear China's negotiating intention falls well short of the complete deal President Trump has said he is seeking.The Nasdaq Composite is up 0.8%; the S&P 500 is up 0.7%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.5%; and the Russell 2000 is up 0.2%.10:55XLE Energy sector climbs alongside crude oil (56.38 +0.48)The energy sector displays relative strength today, trailing only the top-weighted technology sector (+1.2%). The outperformance in the growth-sensitive sector has been assisted by a 0.7% gain in crude oil, which trades in the green even though the recently released weekly inventory report showed the fourth consecutive build.Today's relative strength in the energy sector comes after a shaky start to the week. The group remains down 1.7% for the week, hovering at the bottom of this week's leaderboard.Today's advance has been assisted by gains in most energy components while National Oilwell Varco (NOV 19.99, -0.29, -1.4%) trades at its lowest level in over a month on no news.10:43SUMRX Economic Summary: Wholesale Inventories below expectations; September CPI due out tomorrow at 8:30 ETEconomic Data Summary:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications 5.4% (Last Week was 8.1%)August Wholesale Inventories 0.2% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.4%; July was 0.2%The key takeaway from the report is that it could prove difficult for wholesalers to gain pricing power given that inventory growth remains well ahead of sales growth on a yr/yr basis.August JOLTS - Jobs Openings 7.05 mln (July was revised to 7.17 mln from 7.22 mln)Upcoming Economic Data:September CPI due out Thursday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; August was 0.1%) September Core CPI due out Thursday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; August was 0.3%) Weekly Initial Claims due out Thursday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 218K; Last Week was 219K) Weekly Continuing Claims due out Thursday at 8:30 (Last Week was 1.651 mln)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 11:00 ETThe Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be announced at 13:00 ETWednesday: $24 bln in 10 Year Treasury notesThursday: $16 bln in 30 Year Treasury bondsOther International Events of Interest:Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks.10:32COMDX Summary of Weekly Petroleum Data for the week ending October 4, 2019U.S. crude oil refinery inputs averaged 15.7 million barrels per day during the week ending October 4, 2019, which was 361,000 barrels per day less than the previous week's average. Refineries operated at 85.7% of their operable capacity last week. Gasoline production decreased last week, averaging 10.1 million barrels per day. Distillate fuel production increased last week, averaging 4.8 million barrels per day. U.S. crude oil imports averaged 6.2 million barrels per day last week, down by 67,000 barrels per day from the previous week. Over the past four weeks, crude oil imports averaged about 6.5 million barrels per day, 16.8% less than the same four-week period last year. Total motor gasoline imports (including both finished gasoline and gasoline blending components) last week averaged 642,000 barrels per day, and distillate fuel imports averaged 92,000 barrels per day. U.S. commercial crude oil inventories (excluding those in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve) increased by 2.9 million barrels from the previous week. At 425.6 million barrels, U.S. crude oil inventories are at the five year average for this time of year. Total motor gasoline inventories decreased by 1.2 million barrels last week and are about 2% above the five year average for this time of year. Finished gasoline and blending components inventories both decreased last week. Distillate fuel inventories decreased by 3.9 million barrels last week and are about 9% below the five year average for this time of year. Propane/propylene inventories increased by 0.1 million barrels last week and are about 14% above the five year average for this time of year. Total commercial petroleum inventories decreased last week by 8.3 million barrels last week. Total products supplied over the last four-week period averaged 20.9 million barrels per day, up by 3.0% from the same period last year. Over the past four weeks, motor gasoline product supplied averaged 9.2 million barrels per day, up by 0.5% from the same period last year. Distillate fuel product supplied averaged 3.9 million barrels per day over the past four weeks, down by 7.1% from the same period last year. Jet fuel product supplied was down 0.7% compared with the same four-week period last year.10:30COMDX EIA petroleum data for the week ended October 4Crude oil inventories had a build of +2.7 mln Prior week showed a build of +3.1 mln Gasoline Inventories had a draw of -0.2 mln Prior week had a draw of -0.5 mln Distillate Inventories had a draw of -3.9 mln Prior week had a draw of -2.4 mln10:24OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:HEXO Oct 4 calls are seeing interest with 1670 contracts trading vs. open int of 670, pushing implied vol up around 41 points to ~137%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Puts:JNJ Oct 130 puts are seeing interest with 1280 contracts trading vs. open int of 3030, pushing implied vol up around 4 points to ~27%. Co is confirmed to report earnings October 15 before the open.Stocks seeing volatility selling:LEVI implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.17, VIX: (19.52, -0.76, -3.8%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:19ROKU Roku (+6%) breaks out to 3-week high after Macquarie upgraded to Outperform, assuming user base can triple based on its international opportunity (114.12 +6.12)10:02ECONX August JOLTS- Job Openings 7.051 mln, Prior 7.217 mln10:01ECONX August Wholesale Inventories M/M +0.2% vs +0.4% Briefing.com consensus10:00DOMO Domo up 3.7% after CEO Josh James on Twitter during yesterday's session announced a contract win with a multi-billion dollar company for thousands of employees (16.11 +0.58)Tweet09:49GNRC Generac outperforming off the open, with shares currently +7% amid California outages (82.02 +5.19)Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PCG) this morning said that it had implemented the first phase of a Public Safety Power Shutoff across significant portions of its service area in response to a widespread, severe wind event. The decision to turn off power was based on forecasts of dry, hot and windy weather including potential fire risk. Based on the latest weather forecasts and models, PG&E anticipates that this weather event will last through midday Thursday, with peak winds forecasted from Wednesday morning through Thursday morning and reaching 60 to 70 mph at higher elevations. PG&E said that overall, up to 800k customers could be affected by the multi-phase power shutoffs.CNN Article09:48SMH Whipped around by trade headlines (118.36 +1.83)Semiconductor stocks are showing relative strength in the early going as the market responds to more speculation concerning negotiations between China and the U.S. The PHLX Semiconductor Index (+1.5%) fell below its 50-day moving average yesterday, pressured by negative-sounding headlines, but it is back above that level today as the market takes a more optimistic view of the upcoming negotiations, even though it is not clear if the optimism is warranted.Chipmakers remain subject to increased volatility as the market deals with trade-related headlines, considering that these companies source some of their components from China and that they also sell finished products to the Chinese market.Today's early strength has been broad-based, as 27 of the 30 index components trade with gains of at least 1.0%, while Monolithic Power (MPWR 134.38, -7.42, -5.2%) has bucked the trend, falling to its lowest level since early July after Spruce Point Management published a report that calls for the stock to decline up to 85%.09:43WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stocks open higher on report that China is still open to partial dealThe major averages begin the day recouping some of yesterday's losses on news that China is still interested in reaching a partial trade deal. The S&P 500 is up 0.6%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.6%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.8%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors rebounding from yesterday's broad-based losses. The information technology (+1.1%), energy (+1.0%), and materials (+1.0%) sectors are up at least 1.0%, while the communication services sector (+0.1%) is up slightly.U.S. Treasuries are mixed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 99.06. WTI crude is up 1.5% to $53.44/bbl amid confirmation that Turkey has begun a military operation in Syria.09:38SCANX Earnings/guidance moversFEYE +5.20% GOL +3.92% PPDF +1.89% AAL +2.06% TSM +1.04% PYPL +0.78% UMC +0.48% LEVI -4.86% CHT -1.18% ASX -0.85%09:28WIRES On The WiresNew Residential's (NRZ) NewRez LLC announced today the formation of a new joint venture mortgage company to be added to its network of partners. NewRez and Shelter Mortgage Company, LLC, the NewRez business division focused on JV lending, have partnered in this venture with First Team Real Estate, a unit sales leader in Southern California. The name of the new joint venture is Homeowners First Mortgage.Yesterday, California Water Service, the largest subsidiary of California Water Service Group (CWT), jointly filed a formal settlement agreement in its 2018 General Rate Case (GRC) with the Public Advocates Office of the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) covering the majority of open matters in the case. The largest component of the GRC is Cal Water's Infrastructure Improvement Plan for 2019-2021. The CPUC will consider, but is not required to adopt, the settlement agreement. If it is approved, Cal Water would be authorized to include in rates $609-628 mln of new projects throughout the state in 2019 to 2021, along with approx. $200 mln for completion of additional projects begun in 2018 and prior periods. Cal Water anticipates that if the settlement were adopted, it would plan to make capital investments of approximately $809-828 mln in the 2019-2021 period.Arthur J. Gallagher (AJG) announced the acquisition of Louisville, Kentucky-based Garrett-Stotz Company, a full-service commercial and personal lines property/casualty and benefits agency. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.The Habit Burger Grill (HABT) is setting its sights on South Korea as the next international growth target as the burger-centric restaurant concept continues its march abroad. To support its expansion plans, The Habit has partnered with the experienced business development consulting firm Bridging Culture Worldwide to attract multi-unit franchise development companies.Newmont Goldcorp (NEM) confirmed that the "illegal blockade" of the Peasquito mine in Mexico was lifted yesterday. The company continues to work with the federal and state governments toward a sustainable, long-term solution, and lifting of the blockade paves the way for the government-sponsored dialogue to resume. Operations at the mine remain temporarily suspended pending further evaluation of the situation on the ground and assurances that the blockade will not be allowed to resume. The blockade impacted Peasquito's third quarter production by approx. 11,000 gold ounces, 1.7 mln silver ounces, 13.7 mln pounds of lead, and 22.8 mln pounds of zinc and is expected to impact the company's full-year results for the operation.09:13WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +21.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +66.50.The stock market is on track to rebound at the open on upbeat trade news, although futures have been slowly retracing some of those gains. The S&P 500 futures trade 22 points, or 0.8%, above fair value.Futures initially spiked to session highs after Bloomberg received information from an "unnamed official with direct knowledge of the talks" that China was interested in reaching a partial trade deal with the U.S. Specifically, China would agree to buy more agricultural products, possibly 10 million more tons of soybeans annually, if no more tariff increases were imposed on Beijing.Neither side has officially commented on the report.U.S. Treasuries were little changed on the news, reflecting a more reserved view on the situation as no structural changes would be resolved. The 10-yr note is up one basis point to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 99.07.In other news, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 129.60, -2.24, -1.7%) was ordered to pay $8 billion in a case involving its Risperdal drug, although some have said an appeal might lower this payment. Fed Chair Powell will speak with Kansas City Fed President George (FOMC voter) in a roundtable session at 11:00 a.m. ET.09:07FIT Fitbit to shift manufacturing operations outside of China for effectively all trackers and smartwatches (3.69 )As a result, starting in January 2020, the company expects those products will no longer be of Chinese origin and therefore not subject to Section 301 tariffs. The company will provide more details of the financial implications of these tariff mitigation efforts during its upcoming third quarter earnings conference call.09:02CYRX CryoPort Board authorizes $15 mln share repurchase program (13.84 )08:58T AT&T to sell its wireless and wireline operations in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to Liberty Latin America (LILA) for $1.95 billion in cash (37.48 )The transaction includes network assets, including spectrum; real estate and leases; customers, including 1.1 million wireless subscribers; and contracts.Under the terms of the agreement, AT&T will receive $1.95 billion in cash at close, subject to customary closing adjustments. The transaction is subject to review by the FCC and the Department of Justice. The two companies expect the deal to close within 6 to 9 months.To reach its de-leveraging goal, AT&T plans to use free cash flow after dividends and to continue monetization initiatives.With this deal, the total of completed or announced monetization efforts this year is more than $11 billion. Given the company's confidence in reaching a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio in the 2.5x range this year, shareholders should expect that share buybacks will be in the mix in the fourth quarter of 2019, along with continued de-levering.08:52EPD Enterprise Products increases quarterly distribution to $0.4425/unit from $0.44/unit (27.61 )08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +22.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +67.30.The S&P 500 futures trade 22 points, or 0.8%, above fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks. Financial Times reported early this morning that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by $10 bln, but a follow-up report indicated that the offer was for a 10 mln ton increase. Nissan named Makoto Uchida as its new CEO.Economic data was limited: Japan's preliminary August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%) Australia's October Westpac Consumer Sentiment -5.5% m/m (last -1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -0.8% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.4% India's Sensex: +1.7% South Korea's Kospi: CLOSED Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.7%Major European indices trade higher across the board. The Times reported that the EU is open to a compromise with the U.K. regarding the Irish backstop. Ireland's Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is expected to meet with Britain's Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, tomorrow or Friday. Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%.Investors did not receive any notable data---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.6% Germany's DAX: +1.2% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.6% France's CAC 40: +0.7% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.6% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.6%08:39WIRES On The WiresDermira, Inc. (DERM) dosed the first patient in a Phase 3 study evaluating the safety and efficacy of lebrikizumab in adult and adolescent patients ages 12 and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, the most common form of eczema.SmileDirectClub, Inc. (SDC) announced its recent expansion into New Zealand. Through access to safe, affordable and convenient smile care solutions, SmileDirectClub helps people unleash the power of their smile, empowering them to positively impact their place in the world.08:29WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +24.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +73.30.The S&P 500 futures trade 25 points, or 0.9%, above fair value, with the benchmark index looking to open back above the 2900 level.Although China is not looking to resolve core issues tomorrow or Friday, the indication that they are at least wanting to reach a partial agreement despite a flare-up in tensions yesterday has been good for sentiment (or the algorithms).Any positive-sounding trade headline has usually had a positive effect on the market, but a negative-sounding one usually has the opposite effect, too. In other words, it remains a volatile trading environment where trade news is likely to dictate short-term movements.Separately, American Airlines (AAL 26.70, +0.44, +1.7%) is expecting its Boeing (BA 375.95, +1.85, +0.5%) 737 MAX 8 to return to service on Jan. 16, according to CNBC.08:18BNTX BioNTech slashes size and terms of pending IPO -- expected net proceeds reduced by nearly 40%Co is now planning to offer 10 mln shares between $15.00-16.00 vs. earlier plans to offer 13.2 mln shares between $18.00-20.00.Net proceeds are expected to be $142 mln vs the $232 mln expected under the initial terms.08:07AKAM Akamai Tech to acquire ChameleonX; terms not disclosed (88.17 )ChameleonX is an Israel-based company with a unique solution to protect websites from a form of attack that entails credit card skimming and user credential theft via malicious or compromised third-party scripts. The intended transaction is expected to further strengthen Akamai's industry leading security portfolio.08:06AAL American Airlines in quarterly investor update comments on 737 MAX 8, affirms Q3 revenue guidance (26.26 )Fleet and operation - On March 13, 2019, a directive from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) grounded all U.S.-registered Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. The American Airlines fleet currently includes 24 Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft with an additional 76 aircraft on order. As a result of this directive, the company cancelled 9,475 flights in the third quarter. The company estimates that the cancellations in the third quarter negatively impacted pre-tax income by approximately $140 million. As reported this morning, the company has now cancelled all 737 MAX flying through January 15, 2020. As a result of the extension of the grounding, the company now expects to fly approximately 70.1 billion available seat miles (ASMs) in the fourth quarter.Revenue - Despite the negative impact to revenue of Hurricane Dorian, the company expects its third quarter total revenue per available seat mile (TRASM) to be up approximately 1.5% to 2.5% yr/yr. The midpoint of this guidance is unchanged from the company's previous guidance of up approximately 1.0% to 3.0%.CASM - The company continues to expect its third quarter total cost per available seat mile (CASM) excluding fuel and special items to be up approximately 4.0% to 6.0% yr/yr.08:05SUMRX Gapping up/down: FEYE +5% and LEVI +1% after earnings, China related names trading higher, ROKU +4% and CMG +1% after upgrades; JNJ -2% after unfavorable ruling in Risperdal caseGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:FEYE +4.9%, LEVI +1.2%, GOL +1.2% (Q3 guidance) TSM +1% (reports September revs)Select select China related stocks trading higher following headlines regarding China's willingness toward partial deal:ASHR +2.2%, WB +1.8%, NVDA +1.5%, BABA +1.5%, BIDU +1.5%, M +1.4%, JD +1.3%, CAT +1.1%, AAPL +1.1%, ADI +1%, ADM +1%, TGT +0.9%, MOS +0.9%, UTX +0.8%, BA +0.6%, WMT +0.6%Select oil/gas related names showing strength:TOT +1.3%, SLB +1.3%, BP +1.2%, XLE +0.9%, RDS.A +0.7%, PSX +0.5%Other news:BKD +6.5% (Land & Buildings withdraws Director nomination at Brookdale -- believes its engagement to date has brought about much-needed improvements)PPDF +5.3% (says total loan origination volume in the third quarter exceeded guidance)X +0.9% (CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure)AMEH +0.9% (after seeing late push off lows)Analyst comments:AOBC +5.7% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Craig Hallum)ROKU +3.7% (upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Macquarie)BOOT +2.5% (initiated with Overweight at Stephens; tgt $46)LX +2.5% (initiated with Outperform at Credit Suisse)PTON +1.2% (initiated with Outperform at Robert W. Baird; tgt $28)CMG +1% (upgraded to Hold from Underperform at Gordon Haskett)SNBR +0.8% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/AOther news:JRVR -9.1% (delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability) DBVT -6% (prices $125 mln offering of an aggregate of 9,484,066 ordinary shares and 15,829,244 ADSs at $6.59 per ADS)JNJ -2.1% (reports of unfavorable ruling in Risperdal case)Analyst comments:IRBT -8.5% (downgraded to Underperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)OLN -0.8% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)DPZ -0.6% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus)WLK -0.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)08:04WIRES On The WiresEmmaus Life Sciences, Inc. (EMMA), a leader in sickle cell disease treatment, announced the allowance by the Indian Patent Office of its patent application (serial number 1255/KOLNP/2014) for methods and compositions of pharmaceutical-grade L-glutamine for the treatment of diverticulosis. The allowance of this application follows the issuance of corresponding patents in the United States, Europe, Japan, Australia, Mexico, China, Indonesia, South Korea and Russia. Patent applications are currently pending in various jurisdictions around the world, including Brazil.Axos Financial, Inc. (AX) announced that WiseBanyan, the digital wealth management platform it acquired earlier this year, has been rebranded as Axos Invest. With the rebrand, Axos Invest will begin to merge its offerings with Axos Bank's checking, savings, and lending services to enable consumers to better manage their finances while streamlining their overall customer experience. Tech Data (TECD) has partnered with Akamai Technologies, a leading content delivery network (CDN) services provider of cloud security solutions, to offer security and performance services tailored to meet clients' IT security needs as their businesses evolve. Representing Akamai's first partnership with a technology distributor, these additions to Tech Data's security portfolio provide a cloud- and data-center-agnostic delivery platform with a defense-in-depth approach, whereby a series of defensive mechanisms are layered for utmost data protection.FireEye, Inc. (FEYE), the intelligence-led security company, today introduced new cloud security capabilities at its annual Cyber Defense Summit, including a strategic partnership with iboss, and availability on Amazon Web Services Marketplace.08:03BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Dip as Focus Remains on Trade HeadlinesU.S. Treasuries are on track for a lower start after Treasury futures retreated in early-morning trade. Treasury futures spent the early portion of the overnight session in a narrow range, but they slid to lows over the past few hours. The market was pressured by a couple reports pertaining to U.S.-China trade. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials may be open to a partial trade deal, which is something that has been the subject of speculation in the past. A bit later, Financial Times reported that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by $10 bln, but a follow-up report indicated that the offer was for a 10 mln ton increase. Treasury futures hit pre-market lows during the last hour, and they currently trade a bit above those lows. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% at 99.05. Yield Check: 2-yr: +2 bps to 1.44% 3-yr: +2 bps to 1.39% 5-yr: +1 bp to 1.37% 10-yr: +2 bps to 1.56% 30-yr: +2 bps to 2.06%News: Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks. Nissan named Makoto Uchida as its new CEO. The Times reported that the EU is open to a compromise with the U.K. regarding the Irish backstop. Ireland's Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is expected to meet with Britain's Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, tomorrow or Friday. Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%. Commodities: WTI Crude: +0.9% to $53.08/bbl Gold: +0.2% to $1506.70/ozt Copper: +0.1% to $2.572/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0977 GBP/USD: +0.1% to 1.2224 USD/CNH: -0.4% to 7.1336 USD/JPY: +0.3% to 107.40 Data out Today: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (actual 5.4%; prior 8.1%) 10:00 ET: August Wholesale Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.4%; prior 0.2%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $24 bln 10-yr Treasury note reopening results Fed Speakers: 11:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell 11:00 ET: Kansas City Fed President (FOMC voter) Esther George08:03SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/AOther news:JRVR -9.1% (delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability) DBVT -6% (prices $125 mln offering of an aggregate of 9,484,066 ordinary shares and 15,829,244 ADSs at $6.59 per ADS)JNJ -2.1% (reports of unfavorable ruling in Risperdal case)Analyst comments:IRBT -8.5% (downgraded to Underperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)OLN -0.8% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)DPZ -0.6% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus)WLK -0.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)08:02ADAP Adaptimmune Therapeutics and Cryoport (CYRX) announce a 3-year agreement to ensure safe and fully monitored transport of Adaptimmune's cell therapies (1.01 )08:01BLUE Bluebirdbio and Novo Nordisk (NVO) enter into a research collaboration to jointly develop next-generation in vivo genome editing treatments for genetic diseases, including hemophilia (88.71 )During the three-year research collaboration, bluebird and Novo Nordisk will focus on identifying a development gene therapy candidate with the ambition of offering people with hemophilia A a lifetime free of factor replacement therapy.08:01CPK Chesapeake Utilities to exit natural gas marketing business (93.42 )The co announced that it is exiting the natural gas marketing business through the sale of the majority of the assets of Peninsula Energy Services Company, Inc. (PESCO), the company's natural gas marketing subsidiary. To date, the company has executed three separate transactions to sell PESCO's assets and contracts. The company expects to recognize a gain from the sale of the assets in 2019 upon the closing of the transactions. More information will be provided in the company's third quarter earnings press release and Form 10-Q report as well as subsequent filings.08:01SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:FEYE +4.9%, LEVI +1.2%, GOL +1.2% (Q3 guidance) TSM +1% (reports September revs)Select select China related stocks trading higher following headlines regarding China's willingness toward partial deal:ASHR +2.2%, WB +1.8%, NVDA +1.5%, BABA +1.5%, BIDU +1.5%, M +1.4%, JD +1.3%, CAT +1.1%, AAPL +1.1%, ADI +1%, ADM +1%, TGT +0.9%, MOS +0.9%, UTX +0.8%, BA +0.6%, WMT +0.6%Select oil/gas related names showing strength:TOT +1.3%, SLB +1.3%, BP +1.2%, XLE +0.9%, RDS.A +0.7%, PSX +0.5%Other news:BKD +6.5% (Land & Buildings withdraws Director nomination at Brookdale -- believes its engagement to date has brought about much-needed improvements)PPDF +5.3% (says total loan origination volume in the third quarter exceeded guidance)X +0.9% (CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure)AMEH +0.9% (after seeing late push off lows)Analyst comments:AOBC +5.7% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Craig Hallum)ROKU +3.7% (upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Macquarie)BOOT +2.5% (initiated with Overweight at Stephens; tgt $46)LX +2.5% (initiated with Outperform at Credit Suisse)PTON +1.2% (initiated with Outperform at Robert W. Baird; tgt $28)CMG +1% (upgraded to Hold from Underperform at Gordon Haskett)SNBR +0.8% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)08:00TALKX Market Briefing: Full-on bullish response to report of possible partial trade dealThe futures are up sharply on a Bloomberg News report that suggests China is open to doing a partial trade deal, whereby it would increase its agricultural purchases if the U.S. agreed not to impose any more tariff increases. Currently, the S&P futures are trading 1.0% above fair value.The report was sourced to "an official with direct knowledge of the talks." By the way, the same report suggested China has no intention of making any concessions on key structural issues, which would include things like intellectual property protection and ending subsidies of state-owned businesses.Why would the market react so positively to a report such as this?Yesterday, there was a sense nothing would come out of this week's negotiations, so this report leaves the door cracked for at least something good to happen.Stocks sold off sharply Tuesday after the U.S. blacklisted 28 more Chinese government and commercial firms and imposed a visa ban on officials who have allegedly committed human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.With a 2.0% decline already this week, and a drop below the 50-day moving average and 2900 level, the S&P 500 was presumably primed for a rebound try. This hopeful-sounding headline has created a spark to get one going.Trading algorithms have dictated the positive response given the positive-sounding context of the report.The overnight low in the S&P futures was 2888, which probed the lows seen in August when stocks were in a retreat phase. Accordingly, some technical price action is likely factoring into things. The futures market had already rebounded approximately 18 points two hours prior to the Bloomberg News report being posted.China's willingness to do a "partial deal" is well short of President Trump's desire to get a complete deal, so market participants need to stay on guard for subsequent reports today that might imply China's approach coming into Washington isn't good enough.As it stands now, the futures tone is good enough for a solid opening even though China's negotiating posture, based on the Bloomberg News item, isn't all that solid in the grand scheme of things.07:57WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +25.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +83.50.U.S. futures are up nicely on news that China is interested in reaching a partial trade deal with the U.S. The S&P 500 futures trade 25 points, or 0.9%, above fair value.An unnamed official with direct knowledge of the talks told Bloomberg that terms would include President Trump not imposing any additional tariffs, including the increase in tariff rates next week and in December. Beijing would offer to buy more agricultural products in exchange without addressing any structural trade issues. The Financial Times reported that soybean purchases could increase by 10 million tons annually.Walking out of the 13th round of trade talks without resolving any core issues and keeping tariff rates unchanged seems underwhelming compared to the complete deal that President Trump has been wanting. Nevertheless, there was some angst yesterday about those tariff-rate hikes taking effect this year.Today's economic calendar will feature the minutes from the FOMC's September meeting, which will be released at 2:00 p.m. ET. Wholesale Inventories for August (Briefing.com consensus 0.4%) and the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for August will precede the minutes at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries have ticked lower this morning, pushing yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.56%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 99.05. WTI crude is up 1.0%, or $0.53, to $53.16/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 128.99, -2.85): -2.2% after being ordered to pay $8 billion in punitive damages in a Risperdal case, according to Reuters. An appeal may reduce this amount. Levi Strauss (LEVI 19.12, +0.16): +0.8% in-line with the broader market after it beat earnings estimates and reaffirmed its FY19 guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -0.8%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.4%, India's Sensex +1.7%, South Korea's Kospi CLOSED, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.7%.In economic data:Japan's preliminary August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%)Australia's October Westpac Consumer Sentiment -5.5% m/m (last -1.7%)In news:Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks.Financial Times reported early this morning that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by $10 bln, but a follow-up report indicated that the offer was for a 10 mln ton increase.Nissan named Makoto Uchida as its new CEO.Major European indices trade higher across the board. STOXX Europe 600 +0.4%, Germany's DAX +1.0%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.5%, France's CAC 40 +0.7%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.6%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.5%.Investors did not receive any notable dataIn news:The Times reported that the EU is open to a compromise with the U.K. regarding the Irish backstop. Irish Taoiseach Leo Varadkar is expected to meet with British Prime Minister Boris Johnson tomorrow or Friday.Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%.07:38JNJ Johnson & Johnson responds to RISPERDAL verdict, calls determination grossly disproportionate with initial compensatory award (131.84 )"This award is grossly disproportionate with the initial compensatory award in this case, and the Company is confident it will be overturned. This award for a single plaintiff stands in stark contrast with the initial $680,000 compensatory award and is a clear violation of due process. United States Supreme Court precedent dictates that punitive damages awards that are a double-digit multiplier of the compensatory award should be set aside. The Company was precluded from presenting a meaningful defense due to the Court's exclusion of key evidence. As a result, the jury did not hear evidence as to how the label for RISPERDAL clearly and appropriately outlined the risks associated with the medicine, or the benefits RISPERDAL provides to patients with serious mental illness. Further, the plaintiff's attorneys failed to present any evidence that the plaintiff was actually harmed by the alleged conduct. This decision is inconsistent with multiple determinations outside of Philadelphia regarding the adequacy of the RISPERDAL labeling, the medicine's efficacy, and findings in support of the Company. We will be immediately moving to set aside this excessive and unfounded verdict."Shares are currently down 2% in extended trading.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +1.0%, FTSE +0.5%, CAC +0.7%Major European indices trade higher across the board. The Times reported that the EU is open to a compromise with the U.K. regarding the Irish backstop. Ireland's Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is expected to meet with Britain's Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, tomorrow or Friday. Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%.Investors did not receive any notable data---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +1.0% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.5% France's CAC 40: +0.7% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.6% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%---FX---EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0981 GBP/USD: +0.1% to 1.2229 USD/CHF: +0.2% to 0.994207:26S&P futures vs fair value: +27.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +84.00.07:14WIRES On The WiresAbbVie (ABBV) announced that it will present new results evaluating the safety and efficacy of SKYRIZI (risankizumab) at 2.5 years in adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, as well as additional data on HUMIRA (adalimumab) and the investigational JAK inhibitor upadacitinib, at the 28th European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) Congress, October 9-13, in Madrid.Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IONS), announced that the company has been notified by its partner Bayer about the decision to advance IONIS-FXI-LRx following positive clinical results. IONIS-FXI-LRx is an antisense medicine being developed to treat patients with clotting disorders.Endeavour Silver Corp. (EXK) reports its production results for the Third Quarter, 2019 from the Company's four silver-gold mines in Mexico: the Guanacev mine in Durango state, the Bolaitos and El Cubo mines in Guanajuato state and the El Compas mine in Zacatecas state. Silver production in the Third Quarter, 2019 was 948,547 ounces (oz) and gold production was 9,716 oz, resulting in silver equivalent production of 1.7 million oz at an 80:1 silver-gold ratio. The lower silver and gold production in Q3, 2019 compared to Q3, 2018 were due to the planned reduction of mine output at El Cubo and lower throughput and grades at Bolanitos, partly offset by higher production at Guanacevi and new production at El Compas. Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced the initiation of the ATTENTION-AD, a long-term extension study for patients with Early Alzheimer's disease and treated with ANAVEX 2-73 (blarcamesine).07:01DCO Ducommun acquires Nobles Worldwide; terms not disclosed (40.25 )Founded in 1948, Nobles Worldwide is the global leader in the design and manufacture of high performance ammunition handling systems for military aircraft, helicopters, ground vehicles and shipboard systems.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -0.8%, Shanghai +0.4%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks. Financial Times reported early this morning that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by $10 bln, but a follow-up report indicated that the offer was for a 10 mln ton increase. Nissan named Makoto Uchida as its new CEO.Economic data was limited: Japan's preliminary August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%) Australia's October Westpac Consumer Sentiment -5.5% m/m (last -1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -0.8% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.4% India's Sensex: +1.7% South Korea's Kospi: CLOSED Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.7%---FX---USD/JPY: +0.3% to 107.38 USD/CNH: -0.4% to 7.1309 USD/INR: -0.3% to 71.0206:58SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up: BKD +6.5%, FEYE +5.8%, LX +2.5%, NVDA +1.6%, TOT +1.4%, SLB +1.4%, AAPL +1.2%, LEVI +1.2%, BP +1.1%, ADI +1%, M +1%, ADM +1%, XLE +1%, AMEH +0.9%, CAT +0.9%, MOS +0.9%, BA +0.8%, BOOT +0.7%, UTX +0.7%, RDS.A +0.7%, TMQ +0.6%, WMT +0.5%, TGT +0.5%Gapping down: DBVT -7.2%, IRBT -4.6%, JNJ -1.8%, X -1.6%, WLK -0.5%, NAT -0.5%06:57S&P futures vs fair value: +24.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +80.90.06:57European MarketsFTSE...7185.55...+42.40...+0.60%. DAX...12089.63...+119.40...+1.00%.06:57Asian MarketsNikkei...21456...-131.40...-0.60%. Hang Seng...25683...-210.60...-0.80%.06:34TMST TimkenSteel Chairman & CEO Ward J. Timken, Jr. steps down effective immediately (5.86 )Effective immediately, the Board of Directors has appointed Terry L. Dunlap as the Company's interim Chief Executive Officer and President. John P. Reilly, the current Lead Director of the TimkenSteel Board of Directors, will immediately assume the role of Chairman of the Board."In an effort to revitalize both the near-term performance and long-term potential of TimkenSteel, now is the time for new leadership at the Company. While stepping down as CEO is not an easy decision, it has been a true privilege for me to lead TimkenSteel on its journey as an independent public company," said Tim Timken.06:15WIRES On The WiresViasat (VSAT) announced the establishment of two sovereign Maintenance, Test and Integration Facilities in Canberra and Newcastle, Australia. The facilities are strategically located to align with the Commonwealth's needs and provide access to enhanced service and support capabilities for the Australian Defence Force.PS Business Parks (PSB) announced that on October 8, 2019 it completed the sale of three business parks located in Montgomery County, Maryland: Metro Park North, Meadow Business Park and WesTech Business Park. The parks, consisting of 28 buildings totaling approximately 1.3 million square feet, sold for a gross sales price of $148.8 million. The Company retained one single-tenant government building totaling 113,000 square feet and a long-term ground lease at Metro Park North. Lantronix (LTRX) announced general availability of its EMG8500 Edge Management Gateway designed to address business continuity needs by providing remote access and administration for unmanned sites, branch offices, retail stores and intermediate distribution frames where out-of-band management is needed.06:15UMC United Micro reports September -8.7% yr/yr to NT 10.8 bln (2.09 )06:13DBVT DBV Technologies prices $125 mln offering of an aggregate of 9,484,066 ordinary shares and 15,829,244 ADSs at $6.59 per ADS (6.85 )06:11ASX ASE Technology reports September net revs +3.2% yr/yr to $1.32 bln (4.73 )06:11TSM Taiwan Semi reports September revs +7.6% yr/yr to NT 102.2 bln (47.86 )06:10PPDF PPDAI Group says total loan origination volume in the third quarter exceeded guidance (2.64 )The Company has continued to make solid progress in expanding funding from institutional partners. In the third quarter of 2019, the proportion of loans facilitated by institutional funding partners to total loan origination volume increased to 75.1%, from 44.8% in the second quarter of 2019, and 14.3% in the third quarter of 2018. The Company's loan origination volume facilitated by institutional funding partners increased significantly by 90.7% to RMB18.5 billion in the third quarter of 2019 from RMB9.7 billion in the second quarter of 2019.Mr. Feng Zhang, Co-Chief Executive Officer of PPDAI, commented, "Benefitting from the rapid growth in institutional funding, the Company's total loan origination volume in the third quarter of 2019 increased by 13.7% to RMB24.6 billion, above our RMB22 billion to RMB24 billion guidance for the third quarter, from RMB21.6 billion in the second quarter of 2019."06:06ALGT Allegiant Travel reports Q3 Total System traffic increased 6.1% yr/yr (147.78 )06:06VIE Viela Bio and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma announce collaboration focused on the development and commercialization of inebilizumab in nine Asia regions for neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder, as well as other potential future indications (21.05 )Under terms of the collaboration, Viela will receive an up-front licensing fee of $30 million as well as additional payments contingent on certain development and commercial milestones, plus payments based, in part, on sales revenue. MTPC will be responsible for leading development and commercialization of inebilizumab in Japan, Thailand, South Korea, Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Taiwan.06:04GOL GOL Linhas Areas Inteligentes S.A. provides investor update; sees Q3 EBITBA margin of 29-31% (15.55 )GOL expects an EBITDA margin for the quarter of 29% to 31%, an increase in relation to the quarter ended in September 2018 (18.9%). Passenger unit revenue (PRASK) for the third quarter is expected to be up approximately 20% yr/yr. For the quarter ended in September, GOL expects unit revenue (RASK) to increase approximately 19%. Non-fuel unit costs (CASK ex-fuel) are expected to increase by approximately 15% in relation to the third quarter of the prior year, primarily due to increases in payroll tax rates due to the elimination of the Payroll Tax Relief Program, increased commissions due to increased forward sales, increases in landing and navigation expenses due to a 10% increase in rates, increases in depreciation from six net additional aircraft in the fleet, and costs associated with MAX aircraft delivery delays. Fuel unit costs (CASK fuel) are expected to decrease by approximately 7% year over year, negatively impacted by a 1.3% increase in fuel consumption per flight hour from the delayed delivery of MAX aircraft in the quarter. GOL's financial leverage, as measured by the Net Debt4/LTM EBITDA ratio, was approximately 2.9x at the end of the September 2019 quarter. The Company amortized R$182 million of debt in the quarter and total liquidity at quarter-end is expected to be at R$4.0 billion, above the R$3.7 billion of the previous quarter.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets respond favorably to reports of China's willingness to partial trade dealThe global equity markets are mostly higher following reports that that China is open to a partial trade agreement where the US agrees not to levy or raise any additional tariffs in exchange for agricultural purchases. The S&P Futures took off higher and currently are trading around the 2915 area. This is off the overnight high, which was capped at 2934.25. The overnight low resides down at 2888.25.In Asia, the markets closed mixed with China rising 0.4%, while Japan lost 0.6%. The Shanghai had a fairly uneventful session but saw bids pick up in the last hour to allow the market to close near the high of the day. The Nikkei was hit after yesterday's US session saw the yen firm up against the dollar. Japanese shares struggled with this keeping a lid on export stocks.In Europe, the major bourses are mostly higher in response to the latest trade US/China speculation. The change in sentiment has helped the automotive names with Daimler and Volkswagen trading 0.5-1% higher.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: +23.010 yr Note: 1.54%USD/JPY: 107.26 +0.18EUR/USD: 1.0978 +0.0022Europe: FTSE +0.4% DAX +1.2% CAC +0.9%Asia: Hang Seng -0.8% Shanghai +0.4% Nikkei -0.6%Gold (1508.20 +4.30) Silver (17.583 +0.13) Crude (52.87 +0.24)18:04BKD Brookdale Senior Living: Land & Buildings withdraws Director nomination at Brookdale -- believes its engagement to date has brought about much-needed improvements (7.51 -0.25)"Brookdale's current Board and management have consistently demonstrated to us that they will do anything and everything to entrench themselves. This attitude is unfortunate and represents a true disservice to shareholders. However, while we view the conditional nature of the Board Chairmanship transition as the epitome of bad corporate governance, we support Guy Sansone ultimately becoming Chairman of the Board. Recent conversations with our fellow investors have reinforced our confidence in Mr. Sansone and we are hopeful that he can succeed where others have failed and actually right the ship at Brookdale. In light of this, we have decided that the best path forward at this time is to withdraw our nomination. We are extremely grateful for the support of many of our fellow Brookdale shareholders throughout this process and we will continue to closely monitor the situation at Brookdale over the course of the next year -- and take appropriate action as necessary."18:02ARGO Argo Group affirms that independent directors are conducting a review of governance and compensation matters; also announces that it previously received a subpoena for compensation-related disclosures (67.31 -1.29)Argo confirms that it is committed to governance practices that support continued value creation for all shareholders, consistent with the August 8, 2019 press release, which disclosed several proposed enhancements to the Company's governance and compensation programs, including declassification of the Company's board and reduction of board size as part of its ongoing board refreshment process.17:32BEN Franklin Resources reports preliminary September-end AUM of $692.6 bln vs $690.6 bln prior month (26.28 -0.86)The increase in assets under management was due to market gains that more than offset net outflows. Preliminary average assets under management for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, were $702.0 billion.17:31AZO AutoZone authorized the repurchase of an additional $1.25 bln of common stock (1049.50 -11.31)17:30LOOP Loop Industries files for ~2.08 mln share common stock offering by selling shareholders (12.78 +0.49)17:19JE Just Energy to sell UK ops Hudson Energy Supply to Shell (RDS.A) Energy Retail Limited for ~C$17 mln; also identified incremental ~C$20 mln in annualized cost savings in N Am ops (2.10 -0.21)Pursuant to the share purchase agreement, Just Energy will receive 2 million (approximately C$3.2 million) at closing and up to 8.5 million (~C$13.8 million) to be paid depending on whether the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (Ofgem) or the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy reinstate the capacity market payments in the UK within a specified period of time. Just Energy is committed to lowering leverage and expects to apply the proceeds from the sale against its indebtedness. Strategic review update: The strategic review process initiated in early June is ongoing and the board is comfortable with the progress to date. Just Energy has not set a speci?c timeframe for the conclusion of the strategic review. The Company plans to provide an update when the Board has approved a speci?c course of action.17:14FLR Fluor, JGC and Technip (FTI) awarded Rovuma LNG project in Mozambique; Fluor will book its portion of this work in Q4 (17.52 -0.66)The project will develop Area 4 of the ultra-deep Rovuma Basin, a giant offshore natural gas field with up to 15 trillion cubic feet of natural gas located off the coast of Mozambique. Mozambique Rovuma Venture is an incorporated joint venture owned by Eni (E), ExxonMobil (XOM) and China National Petroleum Corporation, which holds a 70 percent interest in the Area 4 exploration and production concession contract. Galp (GLPEY), KOGAS and Empresa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos E.P. each hold a 10 percent interest.17:08TARO Taro Pharm: Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) files patent infringement lawsuit against Taro and Allergan (AGN) for ANDA of generic version of RHOFADE cream (74.18 -1.34)17:05MEOH Methanex restructures commercial arrangements with Empresa Nacional del Petrleo for natural gas supply (33.34 -0.65)Methanex has restructured its existing commercial arrangements with Empresa Nacional del Petrleo for natural gas supply to underpin approx. 25% of Methanex's 1.7 mln tonnes of annual production capacity in Chile for a six-year period from 2020 through 2025. This longer-term gas supply arrangement provides greater certainty for future gas volumes for the company's Chile operations and allows for ENAP to make further investments in its gas development activities.17:02LPX Louisiana-Pacific acquires prefinishing assets at a Granite City, Illinois prefinish facility owned by BlueLinx (BXC); terms not disclosed (24.12 -0.02)This aligns with LP's business strategy to provide building solutions and is a step toward its goal of launching a national LP SmartSide Trim & Siding branded prefinished siding solution.16:38X U.S. Steel CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure (11.03 +0.11)Co announces that Kevin Bradley has informed the company of his intention to resign as CFO, effective Nov. 4. Bradley will remain with the company as Exec VP and Adviser to the CEO through year-end. Christine (Christie) Breves, currently Senior VP, Manufacturing Support and Chief Supply Chain Officer will become CFO. Co also announces that it is implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure to accelerate its strategic transformation and better serve its customers, to be effective Jan. 1, 2020. These initiatives reduce costs and more closely align US Steel's corporate structure with the co's previously announced strategic investments in leading technology and advanced manufacturing, including the recently announced purchase of a minority interest in Big River Steel.Scott Buckiso, currently Senior VP Automotive Solutions, has been named Chief Manufacturing Officer North American Flat-rolled (NAFR) segment. Scott will lead all NAFR production facility activities with a focus on safety, quality, delivery, and cost for customers and stockholders. Scott continues to be responsible for implementing U. S. Steel's advanced high strength steel coating line at the PRO-TEC joint venture and will assume responsibility for the execution of the remaining strategic projects that will create a world-class hot strip mill at the Gary Works facility. Scott will also assume leadership for the co's logistics services organization.Co also announces other management changes.New structure aligns US Steel around operational, commercial and technological excellence, allowing the co to accelerate its strategy. Enhanced operating model positions co to deliver approx $200 mln of annual fixed cost savings by 2022.16:24WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 fell 1.6% on Tuesday following a series of trade developments that exacerbated concerns about upcoming trade talks and global growth prospects. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-1.2%), Nasdaq Composite (-1.7%), and Russell 2000 (-1.7%) also posted sizable losses to close near session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department placed 28 more Chinese firms on its Entity List for their role in fostering violations of human rights against a Muslim minority in China. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied the allegations and warned about possible retaliation, with a report suggesting China could even leave this week's discussions one day early.Selling pressure appeared to level off after China's Global Times reported that China remains sincere in reaching a comprehensive deal and intends on proceeding "calmly." Stocks then cut losses after Fed Chair Powell said the Fed plans on expanding its balance sheet, but quickly faded into the close on news that the U.S. will impose visa bans on Chinese officials linked to the human rights abuses.All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower in a risk-off session. Nine sectors lost at least 1.0%, including a 2.0% drop in the financials sector. The real estate sector (-0.5%) declined the least.A disappointing outcome in trade talks was likely being priced in but also the likelihood that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15, as planned. In other words, the trade uncertainty continued to dampen the growth outlook for the economy and corporate earnings.Many of the China-sensitive semiconductor stocks, including Ambarella (AMBA 51.79, -5.43, -9.5%), underperformed as many of these companies derive a sizable portion of their revenue from China. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index dropped 3.1% on Tuesday.U.S. Treasuries ended a volatile session on a higher note amid growth concerns and an unexpected decline in producer prices for September. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield declined two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 99.13. WTI crude declined 0.3%, or $0.13, to $52.66/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Minutes from the FOMC's September meeting, the JOLTS - Job Openings report for August, the Wholesale Inventories report for August, and the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index on Wednesday.Nasdaq Composite +17.9% YTDS&P 500 +15.1% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +12.2% YTDRussell 2000 +9.2% YTD16:19DBVT DBV Technologies launches proposed global offering of ordinary shares of up to $125 mln (7.35 -0.87)16:17IP Int'l Paper raises quarterly dividend by 2.5% to $0.5125, new dividend yield is 5.3% (38.42 -0.69)16:17JRVR James River Group delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability (48.94 -1.10)All insurance policies related to this customer are included in the Company's commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, and a majority of the insurance policies were due to expire on February 29, 2020. "This account has not met our expectations for profitability, and we think it best to terminate the underwriting relationship as of year end."Additionally, the co announced two key items that will impact Q3 results: Pre-tax, adverse development of between $55 and $60 million, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily related to its commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, for the 2016 and 2017 underwriting years. The remainder of these losses, less than $10 million, relate to prior underwriting years in its Casualty Reinsurance segment. Growth of 72% in its Core (Non-Commercial Auto) Excess and Surplus Lines Gross Written Premium versus the prior year quarter.16:14CNS Cohen & Steers reports preliminary assets under management of $70.8 bln as of September 30, an increase of $1.3 bln from August 31 (53.71 +0.41)The increase in assets under management was due to market appreciation of $931 mln and net inflows of $613 mln, partially offset by distributions of $275 mln.16:08LAND Gladstone Land increases monthly distribution to $0.0446/share from $0.04455/share (11.96 +0.16)16:07LEVI Levi Strauss beats by $0.03, revs inline, reaffirms FY19 guidance (19.39 -0.37)Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.31 per share, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.28; revenues rose 4.3% year/year to $1.45 bln vs the $1.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Americas region was down 3%, Europe was up 18% on constant currency basis, Asia was up 12%, Direct-to-Consumer increased 12%, and women's category increased 12%.Gross margin was 53.0% compared with 53.2% in the same quarter of 2018, as the benefits of direct-to-consumer and international growth, as well as price increases the company initiated, were more than offset by unfavorable currency effects of 60 basis points and investment in product.Reaffirms 2019 Guidance: Co reaffirms FY19 guidance, expects constant currency net revenue growth of 5.5-6.0% and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in the range of 10 bps.Expects gross margin expansion of 40-60 bps.Capital expenditures of $190-$200 mln with nearly 100 new company operated stores.16:06GAIN Gladstone Investments will pay supplemental distribution of $0.09 per share in December 2019 (12.25 0.00)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 6:00 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 18570 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 08-Oct-19 18:00 ET17:32BEN Franklin Resources reports preliminary September-end AUM of $692.6 bln vs $690.6 bln prior month (26.28 -0.86)The increase in assets under management was due to market gains that more than offset net outflows. Preliminary average assets under management for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, were $702.0 billion.17:31AZO AutoZone authorized the repurchase of an additional $1.25 bln of common stock (1049.50 -11.31)17:30LOOP Loop Industries files for ~2.08 mln share common stock offering by selling shareholders (12.78 +0.49)17:19JE Just Energy to sell UK ops Hudson Energy Supply to Shell (RDS.A) Energy Retail Limited for ~C$17 mln; also identified incremental ~C$20 mln in annualized cost savings in N Am ops (2.10 -0.21)Pursuant to the share purchase agreement, Just Energy will receive 2 million (approximately C$3.2 million) at closing and up to 8.5 million (~C$13.8 million) to be paid depending on whether the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (Ofgem) or the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy reinstate the capacity market payments in the UK within a specified period of time. Just Energy is committed to lowering leverage and expects to apply the proceeds from the sale against its indebtedness. Strategic review update: The strategic review process initiated in early June is ongoing and the board is comfortable with the progress to date. Just Energy has not set a speci?c timeframe for the conclusion of the strategic review. The Company plans to provide an update when the Board has approved a speci?c course of action.17:14FLR Fluor, JGC and Technip (FTI) awarded Rovuma LNG project in Mozambique; Fluor will book its portion of this work in Q4 (17.52 -0.66)The project will develop Area 4 of the ultra-deep Rovuma Basin, a giant offshore natural gas field with up to 15 trillion cubic feet of natural gas located off the coast of Mozambique. Mozambique Rovuma Venture is an incorporated joint venture owned by Eni (E), ExxonMobil (XOM) and China National Petroleum Corporation, which holds a 70 percent interest in the Area 4 exploration and production concession contract. Galp (GLPEY), KOGAS and Empresa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos E.P. each hold a 10 percent interest.17:08TARO Taro Pharm: Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) files patent infringement lawsuit against Taro and Allergan (AGN) for ANDA of generic version of RHOFADE cream (74.18 -1.34)17:05MEOH Methanex restructures commercial arrangements with Empresa Nacional del Petrleo for natural gas supply (33.34 -0.65)Methanex has restructured its existing commercial arrangements with Empresa Nacional del Petrleo for natural gas supply to underpin approx. 25% of Methanex's 1.7 mln tonnes of annual production capacity in Chile for a six-year period from 2020 through 2025. This longer-term gas supply arrangement provides greater certainty for future gas volumes for the company's Chile operations and allows for ENAP to make further investments in its gas development activities.17:02LPX Louisiana-Pacific acquires prefinishing assets at a Granite City, Illinois prefinish facility owned by BlueLinx (BXC); terms not disclosed (24.12 -0.02)This aligns with LP's business strategy to provide building solutions and is a step toward its goal of launching a national LP SmartSide Trim & Siding branded prefinished siding solution.16:38X U.S. Steel CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure (11.03 +0.11)Co announces that Kevin Bradley has informed the company of his intention to resign as CFO, effective Nov. 4. Bradley will remain with the company as Exec VP and Adviser to the CEO through year-end. Christine (Christie) Breves, currently Senior VP, Manufacturing Support and Chief Supply Chain Officer will become CFO. Co also announces that it is implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure to accelerate its strategic transformation and better serve its customers, to be effective Jan. 1, 2020. These initiatives reduce costs and more closely align US Steel's corporate structure with the co's previously announced strategic investments in leading technology and advanced manufacturing, including the recently announced purchase of a minority interest in Big River Steel.Scott Buckiso, currently Senior VP Automotive Solutions, has been named Chief Manufacturing Officer North American Flat-rolled (NAFR) segment. Scott will lead all NAFR production facility activities with a focus on safety, quality, delivery, and cost for customers and stockholders. Scott continues to be responsible for implementing U. S. Steel's advanced high strength steel coating line at the PRO-TEC joint venture and will assume responsibility for the execution of the remaining strategic projects that will create a world-class hot strip mill at the Gary Works facility. Scott will also assume leadership for the co's logistics services organization.Co also announces other management changes.New structure aligns US Steel around operational, commercial and technological excellence, allowing the co to accelerate its strategy. Enhanced operating model positions co to deliver approx $200 mln of annual fixed cost savings by 2022.16:24WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 fell 1.6% on Tuesday following a series of trade developments that exacerbated concerns about upcoming trade talks and global growth prospects. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-1.2%), Nasdaq Composite (-1.7%), and Russell 2000 (-1.7%) also posted sizable losses to close near session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department placed 28 more Chinese firms on its Entity List for their role in fostering violations of human rights against a Muslim minority in China. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied the allegations and warned about possible retaliation, with a report suggesting China could even leave this week's discussions one day early.Selling pressure appeared to level off after China's Global Times reported that China remains sincere in reaching a comprehensive deal and intends on proceeding "calmly." Stocks then cut losses after Fed Chair Powell said the Fed plans on expanding its balance sheet, but quickly faded into the close on news that the U.S. will impose visa bans on Chinese officials linked to the human rights abuses.All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower in a risk-off session. Nine sectors lost at least 1.0%, including a 2.0% drop in the financials sector. The real estate sector (-0.5%) declined the least.A disappointing outcome in trade talks was likely being priced in but also the likelihood that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15, as planned. In other words, the trade uncertainty continued to dampen the growth outlook for the economy and corporate earnings.Many of the China-sensitive semiconductor stocks, including Ambarella (AMBA 51.79, -5.43, -9.5%), underperformed as many of these companies derive a sizable portion of their revenue from China. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index dropped 3.1% on Tuesday.U.S. Treasuries ended a volatile session on a higher note amid growth concerns and an unexpected decline in producer prices for September. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield declined two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 99.13. WTI crude declined 0.3%, or $0.13, to $52.66/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Minutes from the FOMC's September meeting, the JOLTS - Job Openings report for August, the Wholesale Inventories report for August, and the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index on Wednesday.Nasdaq Composite +17.9% YTDS&P 500 +15.1% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +12.2% YTDRussell 2000 +9.2% YTD16:19DBVT DBV Technologies launches proposed global offering of ordinary shares of up to $125 mln (7.35 -0.87)16:17IP Int'l Paper raises quarterly dividend by 2.5% to $0.5125, new dividend yield is 5.3% (38.42 -0.69)16:17JRVR James River Group delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability (48.94 -1.10)All insurance policies related to this customer are included in the Company's commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, and a majority of the insurance policies were due to expire on February 29, 2020. "This account has not met our expectations for profitability, and we think it best to terminate the underwriting relationship as of year end."Additionally, the co announced two key items that will impact Q3 results: Pre-tax, adverse development of between $55 and $60 million, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily related to its commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, for the 2016 and 2017 underwriting years. The remainder of these losses, less than $10 million, relate to prior underwriting years in its Casualty Reinsurance segment. Growth of 72% in its Core (Non-Commercial Auto) Excess and Surplus Lines Gross Written Premium versus the prior year quarter.16:14CNS Cohen & Steers reports preliminary assets under management of $70.8 bln as of September 30, an increase of $1.3 bln from August 31 (53.71 +0.41)The increase in assets under management was due to market appreciation of $931 mln and net inflows of $613 mln, partially offset by distributions of $275 mln.16:08LAND Gladstone Land increases monthly distribution to $0.0446/share from $0.04455/share (11.96 +0.16)16:07LEVI Levi Strauss beats by $0.03, revs inline, reaffirms FY19 guidance (19.39 -0.37)Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.31 per share, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.28; revenues rose 4.3% year/year to $1.45 bln vs the $1.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Americas region was down 3%, Europe was up 18% on constant currency basis, Asia was up 12%, Direct-to-Consumer increased 12%, and women's category increased 12%.Gross margin was 53.0% compared with 53.2% in the same quarter of 2018, as the benefits of direct-to-consumer and international growth, as well as price increases the company initiated, were more than offset by unfavorable currency effects of 60 basis points and investment in product.Reaffirms 2019 Guidance: Co reaffirms FY19 guidance, expects constant currency net revenue growth of 5.5-6.0% and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in the range of 10 bps.Expects gross margin expansion of 40-60 bps.Capital expenditures of $190-$200 mln with nearly 100 new company operated stores.16:06GAIN Gladstone Investments will pay supplemental distribution of $0.09 per share in December 2019 (12.25 0.00)15:55TALKX Market Briefing: Tracking the headlines for a risk-off moveA really disappointing finish to the day is unfolding, largely because of how the day started, which is to say that the market is being taken down by another headline that will seemingly make it difficult for U.S. and China negotiators to reach any deal of consequence this week.The latest news item was a report that the U.S. has implemented a visa ban for Chinese officials linked to human rights abuses in Xinjiang. That news is a bookend to the peculiarly timed news last night that the Department of Commerce placed 28 Chinese government and commercial firms on its entity list for their role in fostering human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.Neither of these developments is being held out as a negotiating tactic by the Trump Administration, yet the market is reading between the headlines and seeing a diplomatic rift that could stand in the way of constructive trade dealings this week.The end result is a risk-off move driven by disappointment that the trade uncertainty is a negative for economic growth and earnings prospects.The major indices are at, or near, their worst levels of the day just ahead of the closing bell.15:54SPY Stocks retreating toward session lows in the final minutes of trade (288.97 -4.11)S&P 500 -1.4%, Nasdaq 100 -1.4%, DJIA -1.1%15:39SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Domino's Pizza (DPZ) sees volatility following third quarter earnings -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersDPZ (253.74 +4.76%): Reported Q3 earnings. Co missed consensus for EPS on in-line revs, which rose +4.4% yr/yr to $820.81 mln on global retail sales growth of +5.8%, US same store sales growth of +2.4%, and international same store sales growth of +1.7%. Authorized a new $1.0 bln common share repurchase program. Replaced its prior 3-5 year outlook with a new 2-3 year outlook, calling for +7-10% global retail sales growth over the 2-3 year span. Co noted during its earnings call that the decrease in its outlook range is connected to limits to visibility caused by evolving market conditions, including from the conditions surrounding new entrants in the quick service delivery segment. The stock has covered a wide range today, sinking as much as 6% before rallying to its highest levels since July, supported by conference call commentary. AAL (26.54 +2.73%): Sees moderate strength, after opening lower, alongside a selection of airline peers, led by Hawaiian Holdings (HA) following its upside September traffic stats and revisions to certain Q3 metrics. MSI (171.63 +2.29%): Makes gains on above average volume, outperforming the broader tech sector; Reuters, citing analyst commentary, noted that co's Avigilon unit is viewed as a potential beneficiary of yesterday's blacklisting of Hikvision and other sector players.Large Cap LosersSE (28.12 -7.94%): Sells down to four-month lows on more than 2x average volume and heavier than usual options volume. In recent events, co is responsible, notes Bloomberg, for overseeing the distribution of Activision Blizzard (ATVI) and Tencent's (TCEHY) Call of Duty: Mobile in the Southeast Asia region; the game went live at the start of the month and reportedly has now reached 100 mln downloads.WAT (210.31 -5.89%): Medical devices stocks underperform amid the lagging healthcare sector, led lower by research and diagnostics company Qiagen (QGEN) following its warning of downside Q3 sales resulting from weakness in China. The stock moved to its lowest levels in more than a month on above average volume. (Related: BSX, TMO...)TEAM (125.71 -5.42%): Underperforms on above average volume, returning portions of an +8% rally accumulated during the prior three sessions.15:25COMDX Energy settlement pricesNov Crude Oil futures fell $0.12 (-0.2%) to $52.63/barrel Nov Natural Gas settled $0.015 lower (-0.7%) at $2.288/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.0115 higher (0.7%) at $1.5809/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.0068 higher (0.4%) at $1.9101/gallon15:18COMDX Metals settlement pricesDec gold settled today's session down $1.00 (0.1%) at $1503.90/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.16 higher (0.9%) at $17.70/oz Dec copper settled $0.01 lower (0.0%) at $2.5685/lb15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Endure Volatile Session as China Remains in FocusU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a higher note after a volatile finish to the session. Treasuries started the cash session on a firmly higher note after yesterday's announcement from the White House about the blacklisting of 28 Chinese companies was viewed as a negative sign ahead of trade talks scheduled for the end of this week in Washington. On a related note, South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese delegation might return home a day earlier than originally planned. The renewed sense of caution provided an opening boost, but the market only saw limited follow-through buying. Treasuries edged to highs in mid-morning trade, but backed off those levels going into the afternoon, aided in part by a rebound in equities. The pullback deepened shortly after the completion of today's $38 bln 3-yr Treasury note auction, which was met with tepid demand. The offering drew a high yield of 1.413%, which tailed the when-issued yield by 0.4 bps while the bid-to-cover ratio (2.43x) and indirect takedown (45.8%) were below average. The market endured a volatile finish to the day. A dip to fresh lows took place after Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, indicated once again that the Federal Reserve plans to increase the size of its balance sheet, but Treasuries lurched off their lows in response to a Bloomberg report that the U.S. imposed visa bans on Chinese officials linked to detention centers in Xinjiang. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 99.18. Yield Check: 2-yr: -4 bps to 1.42% 3-yr: -5 bps to 1.37% 5-yr: -3 bps to 1.36% 10-yr: -2 bps to 1.54% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.04%News: The New York Fed accepted total bids of $37.50 bln in today's repurchase operation, below the $75 bln maximum. The New York Fed also conducted a 14-day term repurchase operation, accepting total bids of $38.85 bln, below the $45 bln limit. Newly minted IMF Managing Director, Kristalina Georgieva, said that a "synchronized policy response" may be needed if global economic growth continued decelerating. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said he expects 2.0% GDP growth in 2020. The FOMC voter added that downside risks to the economy are stronger than upside risks, observing that business investment has been on the weak side. Bloomberg reported that the White House is focusing on limiting exposure to Chinese stocks in government pension funds. A similar report made the rounds on September 27. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020. The Italian parliament voted in favor of reducing the number of senators to 200 from 315 while the number of MPs will be lowered to 400 from 630. Greece reopened EUR1.50 bln worth of 10-yr debt to very strong demand. China's September Caixin Services PMI decreased to 51.3 (expected 52.1) from 52.1. Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%) and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8. Germany's August Industrial Production increased 0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%). Italy's August Retail Sales decreased 0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%) but rose 0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%). Spain's August Industrial Production increased 1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%). Swiss September Unemployment Rate held at 2.3% (expected 2.1%). Today's Data: The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month. The index for final demand declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%). The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index decreased to 101.8 in September from 103.1 in August. $38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.413% (2.303%). Bid-to-cover: 2.43 (2.50). Indirect bid: 45.8% (46.9%). Direct bid: 16.9% (14.7%). Commodities: WTI crude: -0.3% to $52.66/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1503.90/ozt Copper: -0.3% to $2.57/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.0955 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2215 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1565 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 107.12 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior 8.1%) 10:00 ET: August Wholesale Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.4%; prior 0.2%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $24 bln 10-yr Treasury note reopening results Fed Speakers: 17:00 ET (tonight): Minneapolis Fed President (non-voter) Neel Kashkari 11:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell 11:00 ET: Kansas City Fed President (FOMC voter) Esther George15:09SUMRX Earnings out this afternoon: LEVIThis afternoon: LEVI None scheduled for tomorrow morning14:50TALKX Market Briefing: Powell speech taken in rebound strideFed Chair Powell is giving a speech at the NABE Annual Meeting in Denver today. The main topic of the speech is integrating the 'Old' and 'New' economies, yet he wrapped things up with some thoughts on the Fed's policy course.Key takeaways in that regard include:An acknowledgment that the time is upon us to increase the Fed's securities holdings to maintain an appropriate level of reserves in order to keep volatility in the wholesale funding markets in check. Mr. Powell was quick to note that the impending growth of its balance sheet "...should in no way be confused with the large-scale asset purchases programs that we deployed after the financial crisis."Translation: Don't think of this as a "QE" operation. It is geared only to ensure that there is an appropriate level of reserves to meet cash needs. The purchases will be concentrated in T-bills and should not materially affect the stance of monetary policy.He again highlighted risks to the favorable outlook, calling attention to weaker growth around the world, uncertainties surrounding trade, Brexit, and other issues.Mr. Powell stressed that the Fed will be data dependent in its decision-making process and that policy is not on a preset course. He added, though, that the Fed will act as appropriate to sustain the expansion and meet its dual mandate.By and large, there were no real policy surprises in the speech. The stock market, however, might have liked the idea that he didn't take the opportunity to give a telltale hint that a rate cut in October is unlikely to happen. He left the door open there in reiterating the Fed's data-dependent nature.The stock market, which was in a rebound mode ahead of the speech, has continued that rebound effort. The S&P 500, down 1.4% at its low this morning, is now down 0.5% for the day.14:33AJRD Aerojet Rocketdyne teams with NASA to develop novel rocket engine technology (48.50 +0.36)Aerojet Rocketdyne has entered into a Space Act Agreement with NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center to design and manufacture a lightweight rocket engine thrust chamber assembly using innovative additive manufacturing processes and materials. The goal of the project is to reduce manufacturing costs and make a thrust chamber that is easily scalable to support a variety of missions, including America's return to the Moon and subsequent missions to explore Mars.Aerojet Rocketdyne will use a unique combination of 3D printing technologies -- including solid state deposition and laser deposition -- to enable rapid fabrication of complex components. The vertical integration of these robotic additive manufacturing techniques is expected to yield a scalable design that could be applied to propulsion systems ranging from small systems that would support a lunar lander, all the way up to large boosters that enable launch vehicles to escape Earth's gravity.14:29SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Qiagen (QGEN) underperforms following preliminary third quarter press, CEO departure -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersNG (6.76 +4.88%): Gold names and select metals peers show relative strength amid general market weakness. (Related: BTG, AUY...)FSLY (26.14 +4.1%): Continued volatility; the stock has added circa +12% so far this week.BRFS (9.18 +3.45%): Brazilian stocks see continued volatility; the stock recovers portions of yesterday's 4% slide as the iShares Brazil ETF (EWZ) demonstrates moderate relative outperformance.Mid Cap LosersQGEN (25.4 -20.79%): Recent updates for co include its report of preliminary Q3 results -- co currently expects total net sales growth of approx. +3% ex-FX vs outlook for +4-5% growth, mainly due to "significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China"; sees adj. EPS within its outlook for approx. $0.35-0.36 -- as well as its news of the departure of its CEO, Peer M. Schatz, who steps down after 27 years with co in order to pursue new opportunities, and its announcement of a 15-year partnership with Illumina (ILMN) that is intended to broaden the availability and use of NGS-based in-vitro diagnostic kids, including companion diagnostics, for patient management. Downgraded at JP Morgan, Barclays, and Deutsche Bank. At two-year lows. NKTR (16.56 -11.3%): Downgraded to Sell from Buy and price target lowered to $16 from $54 at Goldman. Reaches two-year lows. Healthcare sector lags. (Related: CRSP, ADPT...) SDC (12.08 -10.45%): Continued volatility following yesterday's slate of analyst initiations and amid general pressure for recent IPOs. Co commented after yesterday's close in response to the day's analyst initiations that it saw the market reports as reinforcing the value of its business model, unit economics, and mission. At new lows.13:46ABTX Allegiance Bancshares jumps 8% after being selected to replace Monotype Imaging (TYPE) in the S&P SmallCap 600 (34.05 +2.41)13:16SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ACB (10.9 mln +1.18%)Materials: FCX (17.2 mln -2.57%)Industrials: GE (24.52 mln -2.57%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (24.29 mln +9.35%), F (15.73 mln -1.44%)Information Technology: AMD (27.73 mln -1.52%), AAPL (14.67 mln -0.1%), MSFT (12.47 mln +0.2%), MU (11.84 mln -2.59%)Financials: BAC (32.1 mln -1.84%), QQQ (16.28 mln -0.67%), TQQQ (16.21 mln -2.02%), SQQQ (12.2 mln +1.94%)Energy: CHK (39.66 mln -2.63%), ECA (12.09 mln -4.66%), RIG (10.89 mln -0.72%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (10.93 mln +0%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: QGEN (9.27x -20.32%), ADAP (3.89x -8.64%), CYRX (3.19x +1.69%), PBYI (2.43x -20.66%), PKI (2.12x -5.15%)Materials: AXTA (2.35x -5.38%)Industrials: AZZ (3.27x -14.21%), HA (2.95x +7.1%)Consumer Discretionary: DPZ (5.64x +3.69%), HELE (2.62x -0.69%)Information Technology: AMBA (3.49x -8.13%)Financials: GER (3.82x -1.72%), KYN (2.11x -1.83%)Energy: EURN (2.12x +0.1%)Utilities: NEP (2.6x +0.61%)13:13SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: OMI (6.48 +4.94%), AVNS (37.36 +3.15%)Materials: MUX (1.7 +6.92%), NG (6.71 +4.01%), HL (2 +3.63%), NGD (1.04 +3.5%), CDE (5.25 +3.35%), HMY (3.15 +3.28%), SA (12.95 +2.9%)Industrials: HA (27 +7.1%), VICR (31.54 +3.78%), AAL (26.58 +2.9%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (1.7 +9.35%), OSTK (11.7 +4.28%), DPZ (251.15 +3.69%)Energy: CRZO (7.78 +3.32%), NBR (1.62 +3.18%), ESV (4.42 +2.79%), BRY (9.52 +2.59%)Consumer Staples: BRFS (9.18 +3.44%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: PBYI (7.99 -20.66%), QGEN (25.55 -20.32%), NKTR (16.58 -11.19%), DBVT (7.37 -10.4%), ADAP (1.01 -8.64%), CLVS (3.29 -8.61%), NTLA (10.99 -8.11%), CRSP (38.01 -7.47%), SLDB (9.42 -7.37%)Industrials: AZZ (36.9 -14.21%)Consumer Discretionary: SIG (16.19 -9.25%), CWH (7.94 -7.57%), BOOT (31.9 -7.43%)Information Technology: AMBA (52.57 -8.13%), XELA (1.17 -7.87%)Financials: EZPW (5.5 -11.15%)Energy: TUSK (2.09 -7.11%)Utilities: JE (2.14 -7.36%)13:12OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:RRC Jan20 4 calls are seeing interest with the underlying stock down 6% (volume: 16.2K, open int: 50, implied vol: ~102%, prev day implied vol: 91%). Over 14K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings late October. Co is scheduled to present two conferences in November and December.CCJ Nov 9.5 calls (volume: 3220, open int: 0, implied vol: ~46%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is confirmed to report earnings November 1 before the open.WDC Oct 60 calls (volume: 2560, open int: 1010, implied vol: ~44%, prev day implied vol: 3%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.MPC Nov 65 calls (volume: 7910, open int: 70, implied vol: ~39%, prev day implied vol: 37%). Over 4300 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co is confirmed to report earnings October 31 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HSBC Nov 37 puts (volume: 2500, open int: 0, implied vol: ~23%, prev day implied vol: 21%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings early November.ALDR Jan20 17.5 puts (volume: 8840, open int: 0, implied vol: ~17%, prev day implied vol: 15%). 4300 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co is scheduled to present at a Credit Suisse conference on November 11.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.99, VIX: (19.13, +1.27, +7.1%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:03BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.413% (When-Issued: 1.409%) Bid-to-cover: 2.43 Indirect bid: 45.8% Direct bid: 16.9% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.303% Bid-to-cover: 2.50 Indirect bid: 46.9% Direct bid: 14.7%13:00LEVI Levi Strauss earnings preview - DTC channel and international growth have mitigated department store softness (19.30 -0.46)After the close tonight, Levi Strauss (LEVI) is set to issue 3Q19 results. Since its March 21 IPO, LEVI has reported earnings twice. Last quarter, the company generated Non-GAAP EPS of $0.17 vs. the $0.12 consensus, posted inline revenue of $1.3 bln (+5.4% yr/yr), and also slightly raised its FY19 guidance.Specifically, it guided for Adj EBITDA margin improvement up to +10 bps from "flat to slightly higher", and constant currency net revenue growth to the "high end of mid-single digit range" from "mid single digits."Heading into tonight's report, the stock has been on a nice roll, climbing by 22% from the post-IPO lows hit in mid-August. The upswing suggests that investors are anticipating another good earnings report from LEVI.For the quarter, analysts are expecting LEVI to report Non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 on revenue of $1.44 bln. It's worth noting that last quarter LEVI did not provide an Adjusted EPS number in its earnings press release. Adjusted net income and shares outstanding were provided, allowing for a Non-GAAP EPS number to be calculated.However, following the earnings release, the financial media honed in on the readily available GAAP EPS number, which came up short of expectations at $0.07 vs. the $0.08 consensus.The differing numbers created some initial confusion and volatility in the stock and is something to keep in mind should the same circumstance arise tonight.Competition and evolving consumer shopping habits have created a very challenging environment for retailers -- especially for those that are heavily reliant on brick-and-mortar stores. It is estimated that about 15-20% of LEVI's business is generated from U.S. department stores. Last quarter, LEVI's wholesale business grew by a scant 3% compared to 5% in Q1.Its exposure to department stores is fairly significant, but so far LEVI has done a good job of mitigating the soft performance in department stores by bolstering its direct-to-consumer (DTC) channel, expanding internationally, and broadening its product lines to include more tops and women's categories.For instance, last quarter the DTC channel grew 14% and now represents at least 10% of the total business compared to just 4% early this year. Furthermore, LEVI's women's business was up 18% in Q2, marking the 15th straight quarter of growth for that category.The main question going forward is whether LEVI can continue to drive healthy revenue growth and margin expansion while the Americas region (+3% growth in Q2) continues to struggle due to weakness at U.S. department stores.While the company hasn't provided quarterly guidance in its earnings press releases, it might provide an updated outlook for FY19 Adj. EBITDA margin and constant currency net revenue growth.12:59VHC VirnetX Holding says prevails in appeals court as mandate issued in Apple (AAPL) suit (6.05 +0.09)The co announced that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the "Federal Circuit") has issued a formal mandate in the Federal Circuit case 2018-1197 (the "1197 Case") titled "Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in No. 6:10-cv-00417-RWS, Judge Robert Schroeder, III" (the "Apple I" case), in accordance with the judgment of the Federal Circuit, entered on January 15, 2019, affirming the judgement issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in this case.12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks down broadly as trade concerns growThe major averages on Wall Street are down noticeably today after the U.S. placed 28 more Chinese organizations on its trade blacklist. The S&P 500 (-0.9%) and Nasdaq Composite (-0.9%) are down nearly 1.0%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.6%) fares slightly better. Each are currently off session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department cited human rights violations against a Muslim minority in China for its decision. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied any violations and hinted at possible retaliation. According to the Global Times, the spokesman added that "Beijing has become accustomed to such tricks [ahead of trade talks] and will deal with them calmly."Concerns have been rooted in a view that major progress in this week's trade talks is now less likely, suggesting that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will still increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15. In turn, the stock market appears to be pricing in some disappointment, with all 11 S&P 500 sectors down between 0.3% (real estate) and 1.3% (health care).Unsurprisingly, the China-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-1.9%) is down big, as many of its components derive a significant portion of their revenue from China. Shares of Ambarella (AMBA 52.28, -4.97, -8.7%) are down nearly 9% as one of its customers, Hikvision, was among the Chinese companies that now needs a license to conduct business in the U.S.Elsewhere, continued Brexit uncertainty and warnings from the IMF and World Bank about global economic conditions have also tempered risk sentiment. As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell will speak at an annual luncheon at 1:50 p.m. ET.An overnight advance in Treasuries has pulled back, even after producer prices unexpectedly declined in September. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.53%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 99.14.Separately, Domino's Pizza (DPZ 254.61, +12.30, +5.1%) has brushed off early weakness and is now firmly in positive territory. The company missed earnings estimates and tempered its long-term outlook, but it also announced a $1 billion share repurchase program.Reviewing today's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.12:50QGEN Qiagen leading med-tech/device stocks lower after warning about sales, citing significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China (25.43 -6.62)Qiagen also partner with Illumina (ILMN) for sequencing-based In-Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) tests and announced the departure of its CEO.Genomics/med-tech: PSNL -6.79% ADPT -6.74% NVTA -4.04% ILMN -3.58% Medical devices: WAT -6.13% BSX -5.89% TMO -5.83% PKI -5.18% A -2.86% MTD -2.76%12:30SDC SmileDirectClub slides 11% to fresh lows as recent IPOs remain under pressure (12.02 -1.47)Recent IPOs seeing similar relative weakness: JMIA -8.07%, ADPT -7.32%, PSNL -6.71%, SNDL -6.19%, STOK -6.06%, TCRR -5.93%, RVLV -5.35%, PRVL -5.00%, PTON -4.81% PLAN -4.80%, KRTX -4.79%, HARP -4.76%, LVGO -4.73%, HCAT -4.64%, CRWD -4.45%, THOR -4.38%, LK -4.28%, BBIO -3.97%, TWST -3.82%, etc...Of note for SDC, shares closed down 8% yesterday despite a wave of bullish analyst initiations upon expiration of the quiet period. Perhaps driven by the ongoing selling pressure on shares and resulting underperformance following September's IPO, SDC yesterday responded to the initiations, declaring that they reinforce the value of their business model, unit economics and mission:"Today's market reports reinforce the value of our business model, unit economics and mission to transform smiles through safe, affordable and consumer-first technology to an addressable market of approximately 500 million people worldwide. We remain focused on long term shareholder value - the next 12, 24, 36 months and beyond. Our entrance into the public market allows us to reinvest in innovation, process improvements, international growth and customer experience. Our commitment to our 5,500 team members, our customers and our mission is stronger than ever."12:20SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- NIO (NIO) improves following third quarter delivery results -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersNIO (1.69 +9.03%): Provided a Q3 delivery update; co delivered 4,799 vehicles in the quarter, increasing +35.1% sequentially and exceeding the midpoint of co's guidance range by 499 vehicles, or +11.6%. Deliveries of the ES6 models "continued to ramp up"; 4,196 vehicles of the model were reported for the quarter. September deliveries were positively impacted ahead of China's national day holiday. Co also noted that it has seen accelerated growth of its order backlog since September. It is updating its retail pricing and battery pack offerings and will continue to "further enhance [its] offerings in an effort to accelerate orders and deliveries, going forward." NAT (3.27 +6.17%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and assigned a $4 price target at BTIG Research. The stock, which has advanced alongside shipping/tanker peers during sector outperformance in recent sessions, sees continued strength on more than 3x average volume, today generally outperforming peer names. At ten-month highs. HA (26.56 +5.36%): Reported upside September traffic stats -- total traffic increased +3.0% yr/yr on a +0.7% increase in capacity, with load factor increasing 1.9 points to 85.5% -- and raised its estimates for operating revenue per available seat mile (ASM), due to better than expected yields in long-haul markets, particularly in its International entity. Co also narrowed its estimates for operating cost per ASM ex. fuel and non-recurring items and for estimates for gallons of jet fuel consumer, and it lowered its estimates for economic fuel cost per gallon.Small Cap LosersPBYI (8.05 -20.06%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral and price target cut to $8 from $24 at Goldman; hearing that the firm cites headline risk presented by upcoming competitive data from Seattle Genetics' (SGEN) tucatinib in the HER2-positive breast cancer space for the downgrade. Co also disclosed that its Chief Commercial Officer, Steven Lo, has decided to resign, effective October 18, in order to accept a CEO position at Zosano Pharma (ZSAN). At all-time lows. AZZ (36.74 -14.58%): Co's Q2 earnings report had been scheduled to be released this morning, but co instead announced today that it is rescheduling -- and thus, delaying -- its Q2 earnings release in order to grant co "additional time to complete the review of its Form 10-Q" for the quarter; co will announce the specific date and time of the rescheduled earnings call upon completion of the review. At multi-year lows. AMBA (51.57 -9.87%): The Department of Commerce added a number of Chinese organizations to its Entity List, including video surveillance companies Hikvision and Dahua Technology, which are major customers for co's components -- according to Needham, which downgraded co in June citing Entity List risk and which now reiterates its Underperform rating, the two customers accounted for 20-25% of co's total revenue over the past few quarters. The stock moves to its lowest levels since co issued upside Q3 revenue guidance in its Q2 earnings report.12:09PBYI Puma Biotech. plummets 21% to all-time lows after Goldman downgrades to Sell (cutting price target to $8 (from $24)) and Chief Commercial Officer Steven Lo resigns to pursue another opportunity (7.95 -2.12)11:48BA Boeing reported Q3 commercial airplane deliveries down 67% to 63; 737s down 91% to 5 (370.07 -6.47)Boeing reports this data monthly as well.11:41ASPS Altisource Portfolio Solutions to wind down and close Owners.com's operations (19.67 -0.40)The Company believes that closing Owners.com supports its simplification strategy, eliminates the cash burn associated with this earlier stage business, and increases focus on the core real estate and mortgage businesses. The Company believes that closing Owners.com supports its simplification strategy, eliminates the cash burn associated with this earlier stage business, and increases focus on the core real estate and mortgage businesses.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.573% Bid-to-cover: 2.42 Indirect bid: 46.2% Direct bid: 16.6% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.303% Bid-to-cover: 2.50 Indirect bid: 46.9% Direct bid: 14.7%10:36SMH Chipmakers pressured by blacklist news (116.72 -2.94)The PHLX Semiconductor Index (-2.8%) is a notable laggard today as chipmakers fall victim to selling interest after the U.S. added eight Chinese tech companies to a blacklist, which prevents these entities from doing business with U.S. companies without a special license. Video surveillance/facial recognition companies Hikvision and Dahua are among the newly blacklisted entities, alongside companies that work on artificial intelligence technologies.The news has caused broad-based weakness among chipmakers. There are currently 12 members of the SOX index showing losses of 3.0% or more. Interestingly, companies that are known for doing business with Hikvision and Dahua are not leading today's retreat. For instance, Intel (INTC 49.89, -0.73, -1.5%) is the second-best performer in the group while names like AMD (AMD 28.14, -0.79, -2.7%), NVIDIA (NVDA 177.96, -6.37, -3.4%), and Qualcomm (QCOM 73.53, -2.81, -3.6%) show losses between 2.7% and 3.6%.Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 47.90, -0.05, -0.1%) trades just below its flat line after notching a fresh record at the start of today's session. At this time, it may seem that the Taiwan-based company is shielded from being dragged into the conflict with China, but the contract chip manufacturer could see a decrease in orders if U.S. chipmakers are prevented from selling components to Chinese companies. Furthermore, there is also a risk that China could try to strengthen its grip over Taiwan and block TSM from fabricating chips for U.S. companies.10:18TALKX Market Briefing: Trade and growth concerns at heart of early selling interestIt's not a pretty picture in the stock market this morning. Every sector is lower, the CBOE Volatility Index is up 10% to 19.57, and the S&P 500 has dropped further below its 50-day moving average (2938.44).The negative price action is primarily a function of trade concerns, which ratcheted up following some awkward timing by the Department of Commerce in naming 19 Chinese governmental, and eight commercial, firms to its Entity List on the basis of their part in fostering human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in China.That news hit last night and immediately created a diplomatic rift in front of this week's trade negotiations in Washington between senior U.S. and China trade officials. China for its part warned it will retaliate.Accordingly, a sense of nervousness ahead of those talks has fueled broad-based selling interest. The selling activity is predicated not just on a belief that the trade talks this week will be disappointing, but that the latest developments will keep a planned tariff rate increase from 25% to 30% on $250 billion worth of imported Chinese goods on track to be implemented October 15.The more general view of matters, and seemingly negative turn of events, is that the trade uncertainty is a negative for growth and earnings prospects alike.The biggest losers thus far are the financial (-1.8%), health care (-1.6%), information technology (-1.5%), and industrials (-1.4%) sectors.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.1%; the S&P 500 is down 1.3%; the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.3%; and the Russell 2000 is down 1.6%.10:10OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:WDC Oct 60 calls are seeing interest with 2560 contracts trading vs. open int of 1010, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~44%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Puts:HSBC Nov 37 puts are seeing interest with 2500 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~23%. Co is expected to report earnings early November.Stocks seeing volatility selling:HELE, DPZ implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.05, VIX: (19.59, +1.73, +9.7%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.09:44WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stock market drops at the open on trade concernsThe major averages have dropped at the open after the U.S. added 28 more Chinese firms to a trade blacklist ahead of trade talks. The S&P 500 is down 1.0%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.0%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory. Financials (-1.4%) and industrials (-1.3%) lead the retreat with losses over 1.0%, while real estate (-0.3%) and consumer staples (-0.3%) hold modest losses.U.S. Treasuries are up, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.96. WTI crude is down 1.1% to $52.15/bbl.09:43SCANX Earnings/guidance moversHA +6.93% HELE +4.59% QGEN -18.75% DZSI -18.09% DPZ -5.04% BRY -0.32%09:35MLHR Herman Miller says in the process of working to execute an agreement to acquire an additional 34% equity interest in HAY A/S for approximately $78 mln (44.40 -0.24)09:33SUMRX Economic Summary: September PPI shows unexpected declineEconomic Data Summary:September NFIB Small Business Optimism Index 101.8 vs Briefing.com consensus of ; August was 103.1 September PPI -0.3% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; August was 0.1% September Core PPI -0.3% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; August was 0.3%The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was 8.1%) August Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.4%; July was 0.2%) August JOLTS - Jobs Openings due out Wednesday at 10:00 (July was 7.22 mln)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 14:30 ET and tomorrow at 11:00 ETThe Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be announced at 13:00 ETTuesday: $38 bln in 3 Year Treasury notesWednesday: $24 bln in 10 Year Treasury notesThursday: $16 bln in 30 Year Treasury bondsOther International Events of Interest:Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus totaled JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8.09:27WIRES On The WiresUnisys (UIS) today announced that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has selected the company to compete for task and delivery orders under the Intelligent Automation/Artificial Intelligence contract. This five-year Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract has a potential value of $49 mln.Autolus Therapeutics (AUTL) announced changes to the company's executive leadership team. Dr. Jim Faulkner, SVP, Head of Product Delivery, and Neil Bell, SVP, Head of Clinical Operations, will be departing Autolus. In conjunction with these changes, David Brochu has been named SVP, Head of Product Delivery, and Vishal Mehta has been named VP, Head of Clinical Operations.Net 1 UEPS Technologies (UEPS) has exercised its option to acquire an additional 35% interest in Bank Frick & Co. AG, a fully licensed bank based in Liechtenstein, for approx. USD 46.4 mln. The transaction is subject to approval from the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority and is expected to close in March 2020. Following the successful completion of the additional investment, the company will own 70% of Bank Frick, with the Kuno Frick Family Foundation owning the remaining 30% interest.Global Payments (GPN) announced today the technology behind its Netspend general purpose reloadable Mastercard has been integrated into Samsung's digital wallet, Samsung Pay, and will drive its Samsung Pay Cash service.Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) has secured two working capital facilities to provide additional liquidity and flexibility as it continues to execute its growth objectives. The company has closed on a three-year $10 mln senior secured line of credit with Citizens Bank N.A.; proceeds from this line of credit will be used for general corporate purposes. The company has also entered a Supply Chain Financing program with Citibank N.A. that enables the company to accelerate cash collections by selling receivables to Citibank on a non-recourse basis. Receivables from key customers will be included in the Citibank program, which is expected to provide, on average, between $15-20 mln of additional liquidity for the company.Ameresco (AMRC) will develop a 27-megawatt solar farm in the Village of DePue, Illinois. Upon completion, the DePue solar farm will be the largest in Bureau County and will directly advance the state's goal of reaching 25% renewable energy by 2025.09:19PBYI Puma Biotech. Chief Commercial Officer Steven Lo to resign effective October 18 (10.07 )Mr. Lo has informed the company that he has accepted a position as the CEO of a company that is preparing for commercialization and focusing on the development of therapies for the central nervous system. Mr. Lo's responsibilities will be assumed by the Puma Biotechnology's existing commercial team while the company initiates a search for a replacement.09:15WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -18.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.The stock market is on track for a noticeably lower open, as new trade developments cast some doubt on this week's trade talks. The S&P 500 futures trade 18 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.Differences between views on human rights appears to be the latest dispute between the countries. The U.S. added 28 Chinese firms to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. On a related note, China suspended broadcast of games for the Houston Rockets after its general manager tweeted support for Hong Kong over the weekend.China has signaled it might retaliate against the trade blacklist, and it could reportedly leave trade talks one day early. Evidently, investors are feeling less optimistic about senior-level talks slated to begin on Thursday.The yield on the 10-yr note is down three basis points to 1.52%, little changed after the Producer Price Index for September unexpected declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%).09:03RGLD Royal Gold says RGLD Gold AG subsidiary sold approximately 60k gold equivalent ounces during its fiscal 2020 first quarter (127.41 )The co announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, RGLD Gold AG, sold approx. 60,000 gold equivalent ounces comprised of approx. 50,000 gold ounces, 510,000 silver ounces and 1,100 tonnes of copper related to its streaming agreements during its fiscal 2020 first quarter ended September 30, 2019. As noted previously, first quarter stream sales were lower than the prior quarter due to production restrictions experienced at Mount Milligan during the quarter ended March 31, 2019. The company had approx. 25,000 gold equivalent ounces in inventory at the end of the first quarter, consisting of 18,000 gold ounces, 514,000 silver ounces, and 400 tonnes of copper.RGLD Gold AG's average realized gold, silver and copper prices for the first quarter were $1,458 per ounce, $16.54 per ounce, and $5,798 per tonne ($2.63 per pound), respectively, compared to $1,293, $14.88, and $6,287 ($2.85 per pound), respectively, in the prior quarter ended June 30, 2019.09:02ASH Ashland appoints Guillermo Novo as Chairman and CEO, effective December 31 (75.55 )From 2016 to 2019, Mr. Novo served as President and CEO of Versum Materials. William A. Wulfsohn will continue to serve as Chairman and CEO through the end of this year to ensure a smooth transition. Following Mr. Wulfsohn's departure from Ashland, the Board will be composed of 10 members, nine of whom are independent.08:57PRICE Filings, Offerings and PricingsFilings:Star Bulk Carriers (SBLK) files for ~1.54 mln share offering by selling shareholder Delphin HoldingsOfferings:Algonquin Power & Utilities (AQN) commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares08:55APHA Aphria comments on Aleafia Health's termination of the company's wholesale cannabis supply agreement with Emblem Corp (5.39 )"We are disappointed that Aleafia has chosen to terminate its Agreement with Aphria Inc. The Company had every intention of fulfilling its obligations under the Agreement. As a large shareholder of Aleafia, Aphria made good faith efforts to ensure continuation of the Agreement understanding it was in the best interest of all parties involved. However, the termination of this legacy Agreement frees up significant supply allowing the Company to service its brands that are in high-demand across the country."The parties are contractually obligated to negotiate for a period of 30 days following the receipt of a formal notice of termination. If the parties fail to arrive at any agreement or settlement within the 30 days, and if Aleafia initiates a formal claim for damages, the company intends to vigorously defend itself. The cannabis supply agreement is not a material part of the company's business and operations.08:51WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -18.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.The S&P 500 futures trade 18 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1). Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.In economic data: China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1) Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8) South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln) Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.0% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.3% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: CLOSED South Korea's Kospi: +1.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.4%Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.In economic data: Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%) France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln) Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%) Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%) Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -1.0% Germany's DAX: -0.9% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.8% Italy's FTSE MIB: -1.0% Spain's IBEX 35: -1.1%08:46PD PagerDuty (-3%) set to open at record low after IPO lockup expires (26.74 )Tufin Software's (TUFN) IPO lockup also expires today08:32WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -20.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -51.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 20 points, or 0.7%, below fair value.Just in, producer prices declined 0.3% in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%) while core producer prices also declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%). Yr/yr, producer prices are up 1.4% (vs +1.8% in August) while core producer prices are up 2.0% (vs +2.3% in August).08:30DXCM Dexcom receives FDA clearance for Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System for healthcare professionals to use with their patients, ages two years and up (159.45 )Dexcom G6 Pro is the first and only single use, professional CGM that gathers real-time glucose data over a 10-day period and offers both a blinded and unblinded mode. In blinded mode, real-time glucose data is hidden from the patient and reviewed retrospectively with their healthcare professional at the end of the session. In unblinded mode, patients can see their glucose data throughout the 10-day sensor wear to gain insights and make treatment decisions in real time. The company expects to begin shipping Dexcom G6 Pro early next year.08:30ECONX September Core PPI M/M -0.3% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus08:30ECONX September Headline PPI M/M -0.3% vs +0.1% Briefing.com consensus08:04SUMRX Gapping up/down: HA +5% and HELE +5% after earnings/guidance, metals and miners trading higher; DPZ -5% after earnings, EU banks trading lower, ORCL -1% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:HA +5.2% (reports Sept traffic +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity; raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM), HELE +4.9%Select metals/mining stocks trading higher:HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, MUX +2.5%, AU +2.4%, GDX +1.5%, GOLD +1.3%, GLD +0.8%, SLV +0.8%Other news:NIO +11% (provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr) ERIC +1.2% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) NOK +0.8% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) CE +0.5% (indicated higher on reports that the company may consider a breakup)Analyst comments:NAT +8.1% (upgraded to Buy at BTIG)SWTX +1.8% (initiated with a Buy at Goldman; initiated with an Overweight at JP Morgan)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:QGEN -18.9% (reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance; also announces departure of CEO Peer M. Schatz), DZSI -17.9%, DPZ -4.8%Select EU financial related names showing weakness:DB -2.5%, ING -2.2%, SAN -2.1%, BCS -1.4%, LYG -1.2%, HSBC -0.8%Other news:AMBA -12.4% (on report that the Department of Commerce will blacklist its customer Hikvision)CVM -4.4% (attributed to cautious Stat News report from Adam Feuerstein)AQN -3.3% (commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares)SDC -2.1% (rebounding from yesterday's 8% pullback; co commented after the bell on analyst initiations)BA -1.5% (WSJ article stating dispute between US and European regulators could further delay Boeing (BA) 737 Max 8's return to flight) JAZZ -1.3% (CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company)Analyst comments:PBYI -7.5% (downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman)NKTR -7.1% (downgraded to Sell from Buy at Goldman)FTSI -3% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)PTEN -2.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)HP -2% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)TERP -2% (downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays)ORCL -1.3% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies)JBHT -1.2% (downgraded to Neutral from Positive at Susquehanna)BEN -1% (initiated with Underperform at BMO Capital Markets)LOW -0.7% (coverage downgraded/assumed to Mkt Perform from Outperform at Raymond James)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb as Trade Concerns ResurfaceU.S. Treasuries are on track to reclaim a portion of yesterday's losses after Treasury futures rallied in overnight trade. The early part of the overnight session saw some selling, but futures notched their lows around midnight, and rallied from there. China's Commerce Ministry indicated that China is prepared to sign a partial trade deal and leave "the harder issues" to be negotiated next year, but that offer may no longer be valid after the U.S. added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Futures hit pre-market highs during the past hour after Bloomberg reported that the White House is focusing on limiting exposure to Chinese stocks in government pension funds. Keep in mind that a similar report circulated on September 27. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% at 98.91. Yield Check: 2-yr: -3 bps to 1.43% 3-yr: -5 bps to 1.37% 5-yr: -4 bps to 1.35% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.52% 30-yr: -3 bps to 2.02%News: China's September Caixin Services PMI decreased to 51.3 (expected 52.1) from 52.1. Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus totaled JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8. South Korea's August Current Account surplus narrowed to $5.27 bln from $6.95 bln. Australia's September NAB Business Confidence dipped to 0 from 1. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020. Germany's August Industrial Production increased 0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%). France's August trade deficit totaled EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) while August Current Account deficit totaled EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln). Italy's August Retail Sales decreased 0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%) but rose 0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%). Spain's August Industrial Production increased 1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%). Swiss September Unemployment Rate held at 2.3% (expected 2.1%). Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.5% to $51.99/bbl Gold: +0.4% to $1510.60/ozt Copper: -0.3% to $2.570/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.0986 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2217 USD/CNH: +0.2% to 7.1499 USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.87 Data out Today: 6:00 ET: September NFIB Small Business Optimism Index (actual 101.8; prior 103.1) 8:30 ET: September PPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.1%) and core PPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.3%) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $38 bln 3-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 13:35 ET: Chicago Fed President (FOMC voter) Charles Evans 13:50 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:03SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:QGEN -18.9% (reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance; also announces departure of CEO Peer M. Schatz), DZSI -17.9%, DPZ -4.8%Select EU financial related names showing weakness:DB -2.5%, ING -2.2%, SAN -2.1%, BCS -1.4%, LYG -1.2%, HSBC -0.8%Other news:AMBA -12.4% (on report that the Department of Commerce will blacklist its customer Hikvision)CVM -4.4% (attributed to cautious Stat News report from Adam Feuerstein)AQN -3.3% (commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares)SDC -2.1% (rebounding from yesterday's 8% pullback; co commented after the bell on analyst initiations)BA -1.5% (WSJ article stating dispute between US and European regulators could further delay Boeing (BA) 737 Max 8's return to flight) JAZZ -1.3% (CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company)Analyst comments:PBYI -7.5% (downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman)NKTR -7.1% (downgraded to Sell from Buy at Goldman)FTSI -3% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)PTEN -2.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)HP -2% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)TERP -2% (downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays)ORCL -1.3% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies)JBHT -1.2% (downgraded to Neutral from Positive at Susquehanna)BEN -1% (initiated with Underperform at BMO Capital Markets)LOW -0.7% (coverage downgraded/assumed to Mkt Perform from Outperform at Raymond James)08:02AMAG AMAG Pharma enters into settlement agreement with Caligan Partners (12.09 )As part of this agreement, the Board of Directors has appointed Paul Fonteyne, former CEO of Boehringer Ingelheim USA, and David Johnson, Partner and co-Founder of Caligan, to the AMAG Board, effective immediately. The appointment of Mr. Fonteyne and Mr. Johnson temporarily expands the size of the AMAG Board to 11 directors, 10 of whom are independent and four of whom have been appointed within the past six months. In addition, the company will include Mr. Fonteyne and Mr. Johnson as candidates in the company's proxy statement for the company's 2020 Annual Meeting. Following the 2020 Annual Meeting, the size of the Board will revert to nine directors.As part of this settlement agreement, Caligan has withdrawn its pending consent solicitation and agreed to a customary standstill, voting commitment, and related terms.07:59SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:HA +5.2% (reports Sept traffic +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity; raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM), HELE +4.9%Select metals/mining stocks trading higher:HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, MUX +2.5%, AU +2.4%, GDX +1.5%, GOLD +1.3%, GLD +0.8%, SLV +0.8%Other news:NIO +11% (provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr) ERIC +1.2% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) NOK +0.8% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) CE +0.5% (indicated higher on reports that the company may consider a breakup)Analyst comments:NAT +8.1% (upgraded to Buy at BTIG)SWTX +1.8% (initiated with a Buy at Goldman; initiated with an Overweight at JP Morgan)07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -16.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -43.50.U.S. equity futures are firmly lower, as negative-sounding trade developments weaken investor sentiment and dampen expectations for this week's trade talks. The S&P 500 futures trade 17 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.The U.S. Commerce Department added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist for "engaging in or enabling activities contrary to the foreign policy interests" of the U.S. Bloomberg followed up this morning indicating that the Trump administration is now considering limiting Chinese stocks in U.S. government pension funds.When asked if China would retaliate to the trade blacklist, Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman reportedly said, "stay tuned." As for trade talks, the South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese delegation could go home from the negotiations one day early as expectations are falling for any resolution to the trade dispute.In other matters, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. Fed Chair Powell is scheduled to speak at an annual luncheon at 1:50 p.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.90. WTI crude is down 1.4%, or $0.74, to $52.03/bbl.On the data front, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%) at 8:30 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.In U.S. Corporate news:Ambarella (AMBA 49.98, -7.24): -12.7% after its Chinese customer, Hikvision, was added to the U.S. trade blacklist. Domino's Pizza (DPZ 234.00, -8.21): -3.4% after missing earnings estimates. Domino's also announced a $1 billion share repurchase program.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. Japan's Nikkei +1.0%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.3%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex CLOSED, South Korea's Kospi +1.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.4%.In economic data:China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1)Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%),August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8)South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln)Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)In news:China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1).Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang.Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. STOXX Europe 600 -1.0%, Germany's DAX -1.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.2%, France's CAC 40 -1.0%, Italy's FTSE MIB -1.3%, Spain's IBEX 35 -1.3%.In economic data:Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%)France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln)Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%)Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%)Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)In news:German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.07:57DPZ Domino's Pizza -5% on Q3 miss, tempered long-term outlook (242.21 )07:44BA Boeing to invest $20 mln in Virgin Galactic (376.54 )The companies will work together to broaden commercial space access and transform global travel technologies. To date, Virgin Galactic has invested $1 billion of capital to build reusable human spaceflight systems designed to enable significantly more people to experience and utilize space. In July, the company announced its intent to become a publicly-listed entity via a business combination with Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp (IPOA). The Boeing investment will be in return for new shares in Virgin Galactic and is therefore contingent on the closing of that transaction, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019, and any such investment will be in the post-business combination company.07:35DPZ Domino's Pizza misses by $0.03, reports revs in-line, global retail sales increased 5.8%; announces $1 bln repurchase program, offers new new long-range outlook (242.21 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.05 per share, $0.03 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.08; revenues rose 4.4% year/year to $820.81 mln vs the $827.23 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Global retail sales increased 5.8% in the third quarter, or 7.5% without the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. U.S. same store sales grew 2.4% during the quarter versus the prior year quarter, continuing the positive sales momentum in the company's U.S. business. The international division also posted positive results, with same store sales growth of 1.7% during the quarter.On October 4, the company's Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.0 bln of the company's common stock. This repurchase program replaces the remaining availability of approximately $53.6 mln under the company's existing $750.0 mln share repurchase program.The company announced a new long-range outlook for certain business metrics. This new two- to three-year outlook replaces the company's prior three- to five-year outlook. Global retail sales growth +7-10% (Previously saw +8-12% over 3-5 years)U.S. same store sales growth +2-5% (Previously saw +3-6% over 3-5 years)International same store sales growth +1-4% (Previously saw +3-6% over 3-5 years)Global net store growth +6-8% (Unchanged from prior 3-5 year outlook)07:32WIRES On The WiresANSYS (ANSS) is creating a powerful, design-to-validation workflow for electric machines through an agreement with Motor Design Limited to distribute Motor-CAD. By combining the leading electric motor design software tool with ANSYS' multiphysics analysis capabilities, ANSYS is extending simulation into the design phase of the electric machine product lifecycle.Plug Power Inc. (PLUG), a leading provider of hydrogen engines and fueling solutions enabling e-mobility, has partnered with German specialty vehicle manufacturer MULAG to bring a new generation of hydrogen fuel cell-powered electric cargo tow tractors to Germany's Hamburg Airport. To kick off the initiative, the two companies joined forces to build a fuel cell-powered vehicle, which ran alongside the airport's existing ground support equipment fleet for a period of evaluation and service testing, and concluded successfully.Ebix, Inc. (EBIX), a leading international supplier of On-Demand software and E-commerce services to the insurance, financial, healthcare and e-learning industries today announced that its EbixCash Indian subsidiary has signed agreements with international travel exchanges to deliver millions of airline segments annually for a per segment fee, over a 5-year period, beginning immediately. As a part of this agreement, EbixCash collected a cumulative advance of $25 million from the international travel exchanges, a few days back.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -1.1%, FTSE -0.2%, CAC -1.0%Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.In economic data: Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%) France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln) Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%) Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%) Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -1.0% Germany's DAX: -1.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.2% France's CAC 40: -1.0% Italy's FTSE MIB: -1.3% Spain's IBEX 35: -1.3%---FX---EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0988 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2216 USD/CHF: -0.3% to 0.991507:15S&P futures vs fair value: -17.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.07:05WIRES On The WiresEli Lilly (LLY) announced that it will present new data for Taltz (ixekizumab), Olumiant (baricitinib), and mirikizumab at the 28th annual European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) Congress taking place Oct. 9-13 in Madrid, Spain. The research being highlighted at this year's meeting reinforces Lilly's commitment to developing treatments for individuals living with dermatological conditions such as psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, atopic dermatitis, and alopecia areata.Navigant Consulting (NCI) and eIQ Mobility, Inc. today announced they have entered into a strategic alliance to provide turnkey electric vehicle fleet as a service (eFaaS) solutions to clients across North America and Europe.Evoqua Water Technologies (AQUA) announced a majority investment position in San Diego-based Frontier Water Systems, LLC. Frontier is a pioneer in the development of patented, engineered equipment packages for high-rate treatment and removal of selenium, nitrate, and other metals from complex waste streams.Aurora Cannabis (ACB) and CTT Pharmaceutical Holdings, Inc. announced today the successful commercialization of CTT's cannabinoid-infused sublingual wafers.Sutro Biopharma (STRO) has achieved a milestone under its collaboration and license agreement with the healthcare division of Merck KGaA (MKKGY), Darmstadt, Germany and is entitled to receive a milestone payment. The milestone was achieved upon the designation by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany of an undisclosed bispecific antibody drug conjugate as a clinical development candidate with approval to advance to IND-enabling studies. AVROBIO (AVRO) announced that the first patient has been dosed in the company's AVR-RD-04 investigational gene therapy program for cystinosis, a devastating lysosomal storage disease, in an ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial sponsored by academic collaborators at the University of California San Diego. The gene therapy is derived from the patient's own hematopoietic stem cells, which are genetically modified to produce functional cystinosin, a crucial protein that patients with cystinosis lack.07:02IRMD iRadimed receives close-out letter from the FDA resolving all issues cited in the August 2014 warning letter (22.36 )The company does not expect a significant impact to its business or financial performance resulting from the close-out letter.07:01SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:NIO +9%, HA +5.2%, HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, NAT +3.2%, AU +1.5%, GDX +1.4%, MUX +1.3%, GOLD +0.9%, CE +0.6%, GLD +0.6%, SLV +0.6%Gapping down:QGEN -19.1%, DZSI -17.9%, AMBA -10%, AQN -3.3%, DB -3.2%, BA -2%, MT -2%, ING -2%, JAZZ -1.3%, NVDA -1.3%, ORCL -1.1%, BEN -1%, SDC -1%, AAL -0.9%07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +1.0%, Hang Seng +0.3%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1). Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.In economic data: China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1) Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8) South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln) Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.0% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.3% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: CLOSED South Korea's Kospi: +1.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.4%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 7.1424 USD/INR: +0.3% to 71.1606:57GMS GMS names Scott M. Deakin CFO effective October 21 (28.03 )Lynn Ross, who has served as the company's Interim Chief Financial Officer, will continue in her role as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. Mr. Deakin most recently served as the President of the Thermal Acoustical Solutions segment of Lydall (LDL), a publicly-traded global manufacturer of specialty engineered products, where he led strategy development and was accountable for the segment's profitable operations.06:51HELE Helen of Troy beats by $0.28, beats on revs; raises FY20 EPS and revenue guidance (159.21 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $2.24 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.28 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.96; revenues rose 5.2% year/year to $414 mln vs the $390.55 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues raised guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $8.50-8.70 from $8.40-8.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $8.55 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $1.61-1.64 bln from $1.59-1.62 bln vs. $1.61 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Guidance Details: Housewares net sales growth of 13% to 15%, compared to the prior expectation of 6% to 8%; Health & Home net sales decline in the low-single digits, compared to the prior expectation of net sales growth of 2% to 3%; and Beauty net sales growth in the low-single digits, compared to the prior expectation of a net sales decline in the low-single digits.Julien R. Mininberg, Chief Executive Officer, stated: "We are pleased with our second quarter financial performance, which delivered consolidated core business sales growth of 5.7% and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 13.1%, both ahead of our expectations. During the quarter, we improved our consolidated operating margin, while simultaneously increasing our growth investments compared to our original outlook at the beginning of the year. These growth investments are generating healthy results and our digital initiatives continue to pay dividends, illustrated by online sales growth of 25%, which now represents 24% of total sales in the quarter."06:14SSNLF Samsung sees Q3 sales of KRW 61-63 tln and Q3 operating profit of KRW 7.6-7.8 tln (86.00 )06:13FXI Shanghai ... +0.3%06:13S&P futures vs fair value: -9.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -18.00.06:13European MarketsFTSE...7,184.74...-12.60...-0.20%. DAX...12,014.05...-83.10...-0.70%.06:13Asian MarketsNikkei...21,587.78...+212.50...+1.00%. Hang Seng...25,893.40...+72.40...+0.30%.06:09WIRES On The WiresNokia (NOK) is launching Quillion, a new family of chipsets that will power next-generation massive scale access networks. Leveraging Nokia's extensive expertise, the Quillion chipset will allow operators to easily introduce 10G PON in their fiber networks and to serve more users from ultra-high-speed G.fast access nodes.Prevail Therapeutics Inc. (PRVL) and Lonza (SWX: LONN) announced that the companies have entered into a strategic collaboration. Lonza and Prevail have been working together since 2018, with an initial focus on process development, towards the GMP manufacturing of Prevail's two lead programs, PR001 and PR006. Under this collaboration, focused on the baculovirus/Sf9 production system for gene therapies, Lonza will manufacture Prevail's pipeline of novel AAV-based gene therapy programs for patients with neurodegenerative diseases at its gene therapy center of excellence in Houston, TX.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) announced that the New Drug Application (NDA) for filgotinib, an investigational, oral, selective JAK1 inhibitor for the treatment of adults with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been submitted to the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW).Litrinium, Inc., a privately held semiconductor company based in Orange County, California, announced that on September 23rd, 2019, the United States District Court for the Central District of California dismissed MACOM's (MTSI) claims against Litrinium (case number 8:19-cv-00220), giving MACOM 20 days to amend its complaint. Rather than amend, MACOM voluntarily dismissed its lawsuit against Litrinium on October 4, 2019. Details of the dismissal are publicly available.MediciNova (MNOV) announced that it has received a Notice of Allowance from the Japan Patent Office for a pending patent application which covers MN-001 (tipelukast) and MN-002 (a major metabolite of MN-001) for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).06:07TWI Titan Intl sells stake in Wheels India (2.61 )Co announced that on October 3, 2019, through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, the company completed the sale of shares of Wheels India in on-market trades on the National Stock Exchange of India. The sale reduces the company's indirect ownership interest in Wheels India from ~34.2% of the outstanding shares of Wheels India to ~23.8%. The company received net proceeds from the on-market trades of ~$19 million, net of charges, discounts and commissions, which Titan expects to use to pay down outstanding indebtedness. Wheels India is one of the largest global steel wheel manufacturers.06:05ASUR Asure Software to sell its Workspace Management business to FM:Systems in an asset and equity transaction valued at $120 mln (6.78 )06:04HMC Honda Motor acquires California-based Drivemode; terms not disclosed (25.58 )Drivemode is a startup that develops and operates smartphone-based connected services, excelling in multiple areas such as the development of the user interface and application as well as cloud-based technologies. Honda R&D and Drivemode have been collaborating and conducting joint development activities since 2015 through the Honda Xcelerator program, an open innovation program Honda has been pursuing on a global basis.06:02OMAB Grupo Aeroportuario reports that September passenger traffic increased 6.2% yr/yr (48.15 )Domestic traffic increased 5.9%, and international traffic increased 8.8%. The Monterrey (+2.9%), Ciudad Juarez (+14.3%), and Culiacan (+8.7%) airports contributed most to traffic growth.06:02SPY Latest on China trade dispute: Commerce Department confirms it adds 28 Chinese organizations to its entity list and China signals it will retaliate; President Trump said there is a "good possibility" of trade deal with China, but also notes planned tariff rate increase on October 15 (293.08 )"Today, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the Department of Commerce announced that it will add 28 Chinese governmental and commercial organizations to the Entity List for engaging in or enabling activities contrary to the foreign policy interests of the United States. This action constricts the export of items subject to the Export Administration Regulations to entities that have been implicated in human rights violations and abuses in China's campaign targeting Uighurs and other predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region." Commerce Department Release (related stocks: AMBA, LITE, FNSR, MU, QCOM).China has signaled it will retaliate to this action.President Trump made the following comments during a press conference last night:There is a "good possibility" of a trade deal with China, but he wants a big deal, not a partial deal.Tariffs will go up to 30% from 25% on October 15; can go higher than that, but not looking to do that right now (he is referring to the $250 bln tranche).He hopes there is a humane solution in Hong Kong.Briefing.com note: This isn't necessarily "new" news, as the president has always suggested a trade deal with China is a possibility if it is a good deal for the U.S.China will halt NBA broadcasts following tweet showing support for Hong Kong protests (related stocks: TCEHY, NKE).See 10/7 16:44 & 16:4606:02AZZ AZZ to reschedule fiscal year 2020 second quarter earnings release to allow the company additional time to complete the review of its Form 10-Q (43.01 )The conference call and live webcast was previously scheduled for Tuesday, October 8 at 11:00 a.m. ET. The company will issue a press release announcing the specific date and time of the rescheduled fiscal year 2020 second quarter earnings call upon completion of this review.06:01NIO NIO provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr (1.55 )NIO delivered 4,799 vehicles in the third quarter, increasing 35.1% from the second quarter and exceeding the middle point of the company's guidance range significantly by 499 vehicles, or 11.6%. The deliveries consisted of 4,196 ES6s, the company's 5-seater high-performance premium electric SUV, and 603 ES8s, the company's 7-seater high-performance premium electric SUV and its 6-seater variant. Deliveries in September were 2,019 vehicles, including 1,726 ES6s and 293 ES8s. As of September 30, 2019, aggregate deliveries of the company's ES6 and ES8 reached 23,689 vehicles, of which 12,341 vehicles were delivered in 2019."September deliveries in particular were positively impacted by expedited shipments ahead of China's national day holiday. In addition to the solid sequential improvement in our delivery numbers, we have seen accelerated growth of our order backlog since September supported by a more expansive sales network."06:01NVS Novartis AG receives FDA approval for Beovu, offering wet AMD patients vision gains and greater fluid reductions vs aflibercept (86.22 )Co announced that the FDA approved Beov injection, also known as RTH258 for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration. Beovu is the first FDA approved anti-VEGF to offer both greater fluid resolution versus aflibercept and the ability to maintain eligible wet AMD patients on a three-month dosing interval immediately after a three-month loading phase with uncompromised efficacy.06:01LDNXF London Stock Exchange: Hong Kong Exchange confirms it will not proceed with offer for London Stock Exchange (90.86 )06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets mixed; trade tensions heat up after US blacklists 28 Chinese entitiesThe global equity markets are mixed this morning, which essentially rhymes with the tone that the market has seen with the back and forth speculation of where trade talks with China are going. The latest development was a report that the US will blacklist 28 Chinese companies, which caused China to declare a retaliation. S&P Futures are trading around the 2930 area. After putting in a low of 2927.75, the market has once again signaled this area as a key support zone. The market capped out at 2950.00, which is a key resistance area.In Asia, both China and Hong Kong returned to action. Chinese markets traded higher all day, but in a relatively narrow range, before closing up 0.3%. The Shanghai held a bid following a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI, coming in at 51.3, compared to consensus of 52.1. The disappointing print led to speculation of stimulus. The Nikkei finished the day 1% stronger following a drop in the yen against the dollar. The currency's weakness led to a strength in export stocks, with Tech names leading the way following better than expected results from Samsung.In Europe, the major bourses are mostly lower. These markets opened higher but the positive sentiment waned. Germany posted better than expected Industrial Production for August, rising 0.3%, beating expectations for a fall of 0.2%. There are also reports that Brexit talks are breaking down, which has weakened the British Pound. Like in Japan, the weaker currency has helped buoy the FTSE, which is unchanged on the day.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -5.010 yr Note: 1.54%USD/JPY: 107.10 -0.15EUR/USD: 1.0987 +0.0016Europe: FTSE 0.0% DAX -0.5% CAC -0.5%Asia: Hang Seng +0.3% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +1.0%Gold (1504.50 +0.10) Silver (17.55 +0.01) Crude (52.55 -0.20)18:07AZUL Azul S.A. reports Sept passenger traffic (RPKs) increased 31.0% yr/yr on a capacity increase of 30.8%, resulting in a load factor of 83.3% (36.97 -0.81)In the third quarter, consolidated RPKs increased 30.7% on a capacity increase of 29.3% year over year.18:03SBLK Star Bulk Carriers filed for ~1.54 mln share offering by selling shareholder Delphin Holdings (10.45 -0.02)17:27SDC SmileDirectClub offers statement on today's set of analyst initiations (13.49 -1.23)"Today's market reports reinforce the value of our business model, unit economics and mission to transform smiles through safe, affordable and consumer-first technology to an addressable market of approximately 500 million people worldwide. We remain focused on long term shareholder value - the next 12, 24, 36 months and beyond. Our entrance into the public market allows us to reinvest in innovation, process improvements, international growth and customer experience. Our commitment to our 5,500 team members, our customers and our mission is stronger than ever."17:15JAZZ Jazz Pharma CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company (145.59 -0.26)Mr. Young's resignation is not due to any disagreement relating to the Company's operations, financial statements, internal controls, auditors, policies or practices. The Company expects that Mr. Young will continue as a consultant to the Company during a transition period following the Resignation Date to assist with the preparation and filing of the Company's next Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the transition of his duties and responsibilities.17:10DZSI DASAN Zhone Technologies resumes trade lower following downside guidance (9.62 +0.23)Sees Q3 revs $70-72 mln (prior guidance $88-94 mln) vs $91.2 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus reflecting the recent industry wide trends in reduced carrier spend combined with temporary postponements in capital spending for Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) project at selected DZS customers."Although our preliminary Q3 results were lower than anticipated due to various factors, including softer global telco wireline carrier spending in the second half of 2019, we continue to be very encouraged by the progress we are making on our 5G growth initiatives... Looking towards the fiscal year 2020, we are still on track for strong contributions from our 5G deployments, resulting in growth and expanded EBITDA margins."17:08AEM Agnico-Eagle Mines reports achievement of commercial production at Amarug satellite deposit and offers production updates (54.02 -0.31)Commercial production was achieved at the company's Amaruq satellite deposit at the Meadowbank Complex on September 30. The 100% owned Amaruq satellite deposit is located approx. 50 km northwest of the Meadowbank mine, which in turn is located approx. 110 km by road north of Baker Lake in the Kivalliq District of Nunavut, Canada. Development of the Amaruq project was approved in February 2017 by the company's Board of Directors as a satellite deposit to supply ore to the existing Meadowbank mill.Amaruq ore processing commenced in August 2019 using low-grade stockpiles. In the third quarter of 2019, production at the Meadowbank Complex totaled 48,869 ounces of gold, which included 13,588 ounces from Meadowbank and pre-commercial payable gold production at Amaruq of 35,281 ounces, compared to pre-commercial production guidance of 40,000 gold ounces. During the third quarter, mining activities at Amaruq continued to be affected by slower than expected dewatering activities. Given the slower than expected ramp up of mining activities, the company took the opportunity to accelerate planned maintenance to the milling and crushing circuits, which was originally scheduled for 2020. As a result, the mill was temporarily shut down in mid-September and is expected to restart on or about October 14.As a result, production guidance at the Meadowbank Complex for 2019 is now anticipated to be 200,000 ounces of gold (previous forecast of 230,000 ounces). Despite the lower forecast for the Meadowbank Complex, the company's FY19 production guidance of 1.75 mln ounces of gold remains unchanged.17:03ATR AptarGroup to acquire 49% equity interest in BTY, a Chinese color cosmetics packaging manufacturer (116.56 -0.77)AptarGroup has signed an agreement to acquire a 49% equity interest in three related BTY companies: Suzhou Hsing Kwang, Suqian Hsing Kwang, and Suzhou BTY, collectively referred to as BTY. The BTY entities are Chinese manufacturers of high-quality, decorative metal components, metal-plastic sub-assemblies, and complete color cosmetics packaging solutions for the beauty industry. Financial details will be disclosed upon successful completion of the transaction. The transaction is expected to close by the end of 2019, and the purchase will be funded with available cash on hand.16:38BRY Berry Petroleum reaffirms 2019 annual production and capital spending guidance (9.28 -0.05)BRY reaffirms its full year production and capital spending guidance for 2019. Co expects production to be at the mid-point of its original guidance of 28,000-31,000 boe/day and expects capital spending to be at mid-point of $195-$225 mln.Preliminary total company production for the third quarter ended September 30, 2019 averaged 29,600 boe/d with the month of September averaging 31,700 boe/d, compared to June's average of 27,400. The month of September production is nearly 88% oil, an increase from 86% in 2Q19.This improvement is primarily attributed to BRY'ss capital deployment to grow its California production. Preliminary California production, consisting of 100% Brent-based oil, for the quarter is approximately 22,900 bbl/d, an increase of 10.4% compared with last quarter and 17.7% with 3Q18.16:35HA Hawaiian Holdings reports Sept traffic (revenue passenger miles) +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity (available seat miles); raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM (25.21 -0.49)Q3 update: Total traffic increased 2.7 percent on a decrease of 0.4 percent in capacity. Load factor increased 2.7 points to 87.8 percent. Company also raised its estimates for operating revenue per ASM due to better than expected yields in long-haul markets, particularly in its International entity to down 0.5% - up 0.5% from down 1.5-4.5%; narrowed its estimates for operating cost per ASM excluding fuel and non-recurring items; narrowed its estimates for gallons of jet fuel consumed; and lowered its estimates for economic fuel cost per gallon.16:34ACGL Arch Capital estimates $65-75 mln of catastrophe losses related to third quarter events (41.63 -0.23)Arch Capital expects to report third quarter 2019 pre-tax catastrophe losses of approx. $65-75 mln, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily from Hurricane Dorian and Typhoon Faxai. At this time, there are significant uncertainties surrounding the scope of damage for these events, as well as the other global events. The company's estimate for these events is based on currently available information; actual losses from these events may vary materially from the estimates due to the inherent uncertainties in making such determinations. The loss estimates exclude the operations of Watford Holdings. Pursuant to GAAP, the company consolidates the results of Watford in its financial statements, although it only owns approx. 11% of Watford's outstanding common equity.16:22WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD16:20QGEN Qiagen also announces CEO transition; CEO Peer M. Schatz to depart to pursue new opportunities (32.06 -0.29)Mr. Schatz, CEO, has notified the company that, after 27 years at QIAGEN, he has decided to step down as CEO and Chairman of the Management Board. He will remain with QIAGEN as Special Advisor to the Supervisory Board and transition into this role in the coming weeks. The Supervisory Board will now start a search for a permanent CEO. In the meantime, Thierry Bernard, SVP, Head of Molecular Diagnostics Business Area, will now act as interim CEO and work in tandem with Roland Sackers, CFO.16:11STL Sterling Bancorp to acquire $843 mln portfolio of middle market commercial equipment finance loans/leases from Santander Bank NA (SAN); expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2019 (19.34 -0.13)As of September 30, 2019, the balance of loans and leases outstanding to be acquired was $843 million. The portfolio has a weighted average tax-equivalent yield of approximately 4.3% and consists mainly of fixed rate loans and leases. The portfolio will be integrated into Sterling's established national Equipment Finance platform, resulting in a pro forma combined portfolio of approximately $2 billion in total loans and leases outstanding.16:09ILMN Illumina partners with QIAGEN (QGEN) to deliver in-vitro diagnostic tests (301.63 -0.71)IlLMN and QGEN announce a 15-year partnership intended to broaden the availability and use of NGS-based IVD kits, including companion diagnostics, for patient management.The agreement grants QGEN non-exclusive rights to develop and globally commercialize IVD kits to be used together with Illumina's MiSeq Dx and NextSeq 550Dx Systems.The agreement also includes rights for expansion of the partnership on future Illumina diagnostic systems. Both partners are also exploring opportunities for QIAGEN to develop and market companion diagnostics based on ILMN's TruSight Oncology assays that enable comprehensive genomic profiling of tumor samples in immunotherapy. ILMN and QGEN will cooperate to commercialize a menu of clinically validated workflows that combine QGEN's proprietary content and bioinformatics solutions. The partnership will initially focus on commercializing oncology IVD kits to support patient management and may expand in the future to include additional clinical diagnostic fields, such as cardiology, hereditary diseases, infectious diseases, as well as inflammatory and autoimmune diseases.16:08QGEN Qiagen reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance (32.06 -0.29)Reaffirms Q3 adj. EPS $0.35-0.36 vs $0.36 S&P Capital IQ Consensus Estimate; total sales +3% ex-FX vs. +4-5% prior outlook, mainly due to significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China. Sales grew 6% ex-China.Initiatives announced to free up resources to invest in best growth opportunities, in particular new partnership with Illumina in NGS (next-generation sequencing) clinical decision-making.16:06RRGB Red Robin Gourmet names David Pace as Board Chairman; Pattye Moore to retire as Board Chair November 1, 2019 (32.73 -0.08)Mr. Pace was appointed to Red Robin's Board on August 6, 2019 as part of a refreshment that resulted in the addition of three new, independent directors. Mr. Pace most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Jamba Juice.16:02AQN Algonquin Power & Utilities commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares (14.06 +0.12)The net proceeds from the Offering will be used to partially finance certain of the Company's previously-announced acquisitions, to partially finance the Company's renewable development growth projects, and for general corporate purposes.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 8, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 9, 2019 Wednesday 6:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 18315 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 09-Oct-19 18:00 ET17:56USAT USA Tech receives $50 mln financing commitment from Antara that includes the sale of 3.8 mln shares at $5.25/share for ~$20 mln in proceeds; confirms up to date on financial reporting (7.20 -0.20)Under the terms of the agreement, Antara purchased 3.8 million shares of common stock of the Company at $5.25 per share resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $20 million. In addition, Antara has committed to provide $30 million senior secured debt facility subject to certain conditions, including completion of agreed upon loan documentation. The debt commitment provides that the Company would draw down $15 million of the $30 million debt facility at the time of completion of the loan documentation, and would draw down the remaining $15 million starting on a date that is 9 months but no later than 18 months following the completion of the loan documentation. The debt facility would mature in five years and bear interest at 9.75% per annum.17:10BVN Buenaventura SA reorts preliminary Q3 production comments (14.38 -0.26)Gold Operations -- Orcopampa: No change to 2019 revised guidance as announced in the second quarter 2019. Tambomayo: No change to 2019 gold guidance as announced at the beginning of the year; 2019 guidance for Tambomayo's lead and zinc production has increased due to Buenaventura's mine plan approach, which enables access to areas with higher grades and profitability. La Zanja: 2019 guidance has increased due to higher gold extraction rates. Coimolache: No change to 2019 guidance as announced at the beginning of the year. Silver Operations -- Uchucchacua: No change to revised 2019 silver guidance as announced in the second quarter; 2019 lead guidance has decreased due to lower than expected grades. The company expects to increase silver production during the fourth quarter due to access to areas with higher silver grades. Julcani: No change to 2019 guidance as announced at the beginning of the year. Base Metals Operations -- El Brocal: No change to 2019 copper guidance as announced at the beginning of the year; 2019 guidance for zinc production has been decreased due to prioritizing slope stability in the interest of safety during the third quarter 2019. This area will be fully exploited during 2020.17:08FTV Fortive confirms Emily Weaver will resign effective October 25 as Chief Accounting Officer in order to serve as CFO of another public company (64.87 +0.63)Charles E. McLaughlin, the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will also serve as the principal accounting officer on an interim basis from the Effective Date until a successor is appointed.17:03GDI Gardner Denver appoints Emily A. Weaver as CFO, effective December 1 (27.33 +0.32)Ms. Weaver joins Gardner Denver from Fortive (FTV), where she is currently Chief Accounting Officer. Ms. Weaver will succeed Neil Snyder, Gardner Denver's current CFO, who is leaving to pursue other opportunities. Mr. Snyder will remain CFO until the transition and will continue in an advisory capacity for a mutually agreed period.16:54PUMP ProPetro announces substantial completion of fact finding for its previously disclosed internal review; also announces CFO transition and Executive Chairman appointment and provides operational update (7.90 -0.44)The Audit Committee and management have not identified to date any items that would require restatement of the company's previously reported balance sheets, statements of operations, statements of shareholders' equity, or statements of cash flows.The new executive leaders who are joining the company will continue to evaluate certain internal control deficiencies identified as a result of the internal review. The company expects management's review of internal control deficiencies to result in one or more material weaknesses that may relate to past periods. The company cannot currently predict when this evaluation process will be completed but will seek to complete the evaluation process, take appropriate corrective actions and make necessary filings with the SEC with a view to becoming current in its filing obligations as soon as reasonably practicable.Additional details regarding the internal review and related matters can be found in a Form 8-K that the company filed today with the SEC.Jeffrey Smith, formerly CFO, has been named Chief Administrative Officer, with primary responsibility for the company's information technology, human resources, procurement, and risk management functions. Darin G. Holderness, formerly CFO of Concho Resources (CXO) from 2015-2016, has agreed to serve as Interim CFO while the company conducts a search for a permanent Chief Financial Officer. Ian Denholm has resigned from his position as Chief Accounting Officer. Current Board Chairman Phillip A. Gobe has been appointed as Executive Chairman of the company.Operational Update: The company's effectively utilized fleet count was approx. 25.1 fleets during the third quarter of 2019. Due to customer budget exhaustion, seasonality, and overall softening industry demand, ProPetro currently estimates effective utilization in the fourth quarter will be 18-20 fleets.16:35ON ON Semiconductor entered into binding term sheet with Power Integrations (POWI) on Oct 4 to end all outstanding legal and administrative disputes (17.91 +0.79)ON Semiconductor agreed to pay Power Integrations $175.0 million in cash. In addition, each party agreed to release the other party from any claims to damages or monetary relief for alleged acts of patent infringement across the various patent infringement litigations and not to file any additional action for legal or equitable relief for a number of years. Neither party granted any licenses to the other. ON expects to recognize a one-time charge relating to the settlement with Power Integrations in the quarter ended September 27, 2019, which will adversely impact the Company's GAAP results of operations, but which is not expected to impact the Company's non-GAAP results of operations.16:33AWK American Water Works's Pennsylvania American Water announces acquisition of Steelton Borough Authority Water System for $21.75 mln (124.87 +0.99)Pennsylvania American Water has acquired the water assets of the Steelton Borough Authority in Dauphin County. The purchase price for the system, which serves nearly 2,400 customers, was $21.75 mln. The sale of the water system is expected to allow the borough to eliminate its existing water debt, build up budget reserves, and invest in capital projects.16:31FORM FormFactor acquires Germany-based FRT, expanding addressable market by $150 mln (19.62 +0.23)Co announces the acquisition of FRT, based in Germany. FRT is a metrology supplier in the semiconductor industry, with revenues expanding at more than 75% compounded annual growth rate since its inception in 2016 to 2018.FORM paid 19.7 mln in cash for the acquisition. Up to 10.3 mln of additional cash consideration may be payable subject to the performance of the acquired business in 2020. This acquisition is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings on a non-GAAP basis. This acquisition strengthens FORM's position in test and measurement by expanding its addressable market into 3D surface metrology and extending the optical applications scope of its existing Engineering Systems business.The acquisition expands FORM's addressable market by $150 mln.16:26APAM Artisan Partners Asset Mgmt reports assets under management as of September 30, 2019 of $112.5 bln vs $111.5 bln at prior month-end (26.01 +0.18)16:23AB AllianceBernstein reports that preliminary month-end assets under management increased to $592 bln during September 2019 from $587 bln at the end of August (28.57 +0.10)The 0.9% increase was due to total firmwide net inflows as well as market appreciation. By channel, net inflows in Retail and Institutions exceeded net outflows from Private Wealth.16:23WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 gained 0.9% on Wednesday after a report indicating China's willingness to reach a partial trade deal seemingly improved investor sentiment. The broad-based rebound, led by large-cap technology stocks, lifted the Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.7%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.0%) to decent gains. The small-cap Russell 2000 (+0.5%) rose modestly.The reported terms included China agreeing to buy more agricultural products from the U.S. in exchange for no further tariff increases on goods imported from China. Bloomberg received this information from an unnamed official with "direct knowledge of the talks," and the Financial Times followed up with news that Beijing could increase its soybean purchases by 10 million tons annually.Despite the caveat that structural trade issues were reportedly not in China's interest to resolve this week, all 11 S&P 500 sectors were undeterred for most of the day. The information technology sector (+1.5%) led all sectors in gains, with the other ten groups rising between 0.3% (real estate) and 1.1% (energy).This was a quick rebound from Tuesday when the market began to doubt that progress would be made after the U.S. blacklisted 28 Chinese firms and imposed visa bans on Chinese officials tied to human rights abuses. A late-session report from Reuters indicated that Beijing has indeed lowered its expectations due to the blacklisting damaging goodwill, causing stocks to lose steam into the close.Understandably, many investors were hesitant to trade on the pre-meeting news and the lack of surprising details in the minutes from the Sept. 17-18 FOMC meeting. Trading volume was noticeably low at the NYSE and Nasdaq.At the very least, there was some relief that China may not retaliate against the U.S. and that there could be a chance that there will be no tariff rate increases on Oct. 15 and Dec. 15 as is currently planned. The outperformance of the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+1.7%) reflected this view.Some story stocks included Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 129.23, -2.61, -2.0%) and American Airlines (AAL 27.07, +0.81, +3.1%). JNJ was ordered to pay $8 billion in a case involving its Risperdal drug. American Airlines pre-announced in-line third quarter results and delayed the return date for its Boeing (BA 374.96, +0.86, +0.2%) 737 MAX to Jan. 16.U.S. Treasuries finished the session on a lower note. The 2-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased five basis points to 1.59%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.13. WTI crude declined 0.1% (-$0.03) to $52.63/bbl.Reviewing Wednesday's economic data:Wholesale inventories increased 0.2% m/m in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.4%), on top of an unrevised 0.2% increase in July. Wholesale sales were flat in August after increasing 0.2% in July.The key takeaway from the report is that it could prove difficult for wholesalers to gain pricing power given that inventory growth remains well ahead of sales growth on a yr/yr basis.August Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey showed that job openings declined to 7.051 million from a revised 7.174 million in July (from 7.217 million).The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index increased 5.4% following an 8.1% increase in the prior week.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Price Index for September and the weekly Initial and Continuing Claims report on Thursday.Nasdaq Composite +19.1% YTDS&P 500 +16.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +12.9% YTDRussell 2000 +9.7% YTD16:17TGT Target appoints Michael Fiddelke as CFO, effective November 1 (110.36 +1.84)In more than 15 years at Target, Mr. Fiddelke has served in a variety of roles across finance, merchandising, human resources, and operations. Most recently he served as SVP of Operations.As previously announced, and to ensure a smooth transition, current CFO Cathy Smith will begin serving as a strategic advisor on November 1. She will remain in that capacity until May 1, 2020.16:15COST Costco reports Sept total comps +4.2%, e-commerce comps +17.8% (core ie ex gas/FX +5.6%) vs last month of +5.5, e-commerce comps +23.9% (core ie ex gas/FX +5.9%) (296.90 +5.01)16:14SCANX Market Internals -Technical-DOW closes up at 26346 (0.7%). Nasdaq closes up at 7904 (1.02%). S&P 500 closes up at 2919 (0.91%). Action came on lower than average volume (NYSE 659 mln vs avg. of 933 mln; NASDAQ 1521 mln vs avg. of 2084 mln), with advancers outpacing decliners (NYSE 2003/935, NASDAQ 1979/1116) and new highs outpacing new lows (NYSE 85/70, NASDAQ 31/112).Relative Strength:Shipping-SEA +1.81%, Greece 20-GREK +1.8%, Semiconductors-SMH +1.76%, ISE Cloud Computing-SKYY +1.49%, India-INDA +1.49%, Tech Select-XLK +1.46%, China Large Cap-FXI +1.41%, BRIC-EEB +1.4%, Brazil-EWZ +1.36%, Egypt -EGPT +1.35%Relative Weakness:Short Term Futures-VXX -3.35%, Turkey-TUR -2.63%, U.S. Nat Gas -UNG -2.29%, Cocoa-NIB -1.93%, Junior Gold Mine-GDXJ -1.75%, Global X Silver Miners -SIL -1.58%, Peru-EPU -1%, Japanese Yen-FXY -0.33%, Malaysia-EWM -0.22%, Swiss Franc-FXF -0.13%16:11IVZ Invesco reports preliminary month-end assets under management for September 2019 of $1,184.4 bln, an increase of 0.8% vs the prior month (15.39 +0.01)The increase was driven by favorable market returns, non-management fee earning AUM inflows, reinvested distributions of $2.2 bln, and foreign exchange of $0.3 bln, partially offset by net long-term outflows and lower money market AUM. Preliminary average total AUM for the quarter through September 30 were $1,188.2 bln, and preliminary average active AUM for the quarter through September 30 were $915.6 bln.16:10VRTS Virtus Investment Partners reports total AUM at the end of Q3 down 0.9% Q/Q to $104 bln (89.47 -3.76)16:05MDT Medtronic announces FDA classification of 6F Sherpa NX Active Catheter action initiated in March 2019 as a Class I recall (106.75 +1.74)The FDA has classified the company's voluntary field action initiated in March 2019 related to the 6F Sherpa NX Active Coronary Guide Catheter as a Class I recall. The catheter is used during coronary and peripheral interventional procedures. This issue does not affect the Medtronic Launcher Coronary Guide Catheter or other Medtronic coronary stents, balloons or implantable devices. In response to receiving six complaints, Medtronic conducted a thorough investigation of certain lots of the product and determined that the affected catheters may have a potential to lose outer material from a distal component that could result in the underlying stainless-steel braid wires being exposed after insertion. While Medtronic has received no reports of patient injuries, as a precaution, Medtronic has voluntarily recalled all models of the 6F Sherpa NX Active Catheters due to potential patient risks associated with this issue. The issue has been reported to FDA and other regulatory authorities. Customers using the catheter have been asked to return all affected inventory to Medtronic.15:58TALKX Market Briefing: New trade-related headline cools off rally effortA trend-up day was interrupted a short time ago by a Reuters report indicating Chinese officials said they were lowering expectations for progress at this week's trade negotiations as the U.S. blacklisting Chinese firms damaged "goodwill."Prior to this headline, the market had been rallying all day on the back of a Bloomberg News report that China was still open to a partial trade deal despite the blacklisting and the visa ban on Chinese officials allegedly linked to human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.This seesaw headline action is par for the course in front of a trade meeting some think could have great import for the global growth outlook.Overall, the selling damage off the Reuters headline has been limited in scope, but it goes to show nothing can be taken for granted with these headlines until they are attributed directly to the senior officials in the room doing the negotiating.The Nasdaq Composite is up 1.1%; the S&P 500 is up 1.0%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.8%; and the Russell 2000 is up 0.4%.15:50COST Costco hits one-month high ahead of September sales report (296.81 +4.92)Costco (COST) is trading at a one-month high ahead of September sales results this afternoon (16:15).On Tuesday, Telsey Advisory Group projected a total comp of 3.8% vs. 8.4% last year. They forecast a core merchandise comp of 4.8% vs. 7.3% last year excluding a projected net gas and FX headwind of ~100 bps, with a US comp, ex-gas, of 5.0% vs. 7.7% last year. Comp sales grew 5.1% in the second quarter.Costco is the third largest brick and mortar retailer in the U.S. in terms of market value, behind only Walmart and Home Depot. At ~18x forward EV/EBITDA, it trades at a higher multiple than almost every other established retailer.15:43SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Roku (ROKU) advances following analyst upgrade -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersROKU (117.81 +9.08%): Upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Macquarie, which believes that co can double or triple its user base to over 70 mln active accounts by 2022 as the shift to connected TV viewing continues to ramp, especially internationally. RYAAY (68.92 +4.41%): The stock advances to its highest levels since May on well above average volume. In recent sector press, co's regional low-cost airline peer EasyJet reported earlier this week that it expects to deliver FY19 headline profit before tax of between 420-430 mln, in the upper half of its previous guidance range -- due in part to co's pilot strike-induced disruptions, which have shifted demand to other carriers. ALGN (191.53 +3.92%): Breaks out of its recent range to reach two-month highs. Co will announce its Q3 results after the close on October 23, two weeks from today.Large Cap LosersWORK (24.7 -3.91%): Hearing co's price target was lowered at D.A. Davidson. WES (23.49 -2.95%): Sees continued volatility on somewhat higher than average volume, returning yesterday's recovery effort; other energy names exhibiting modest relative underperformance today include IMO, CVE. CRWD (63.74 -2.4%): Moderate continued volatility; the stock has declined during the most recent two sessions after rising by circa 21% during the preceding three trading days.15:38TGT Target (+1.6%) hits record high after consolidating for nearly two months following blow out second quarter results in August (111.10 +2.58)15:26SUMRX Earnings out tomorrow morning: DALTomorrow morning: DAL None scheduled for this afternoon15:13BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Slide Ahead of China-U.S. Trade MeetingU.S. Treasuries retreated on Wednesday with issues in the belly of the curve pacing the slide. Treasuries started the cash session a bit below yesterday's closing levels after the overnight session was highlighted by a couple optimistic-sounding headlines related to the looming negotiations between China and the U.S. A Bloomberg report noted that Chinese negotiators, who will meet with their U.S. counterparts tomorrow, may be open to a partial trade deal. This was followed by a report from Financial Times, indicating that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by 10 mln tons. Later in the day, Fox Business reported that the White House is giving serious consideration to a limited deal. Treasuries backtracked throughout the day, with longer tenors hitting lows upon the completion of today's $24 bln 10-yr Treasury note reopening, which met decent demand. 10s and 30s remained just above their lows until the close while the 2-yr note hit a fresh low after the release of the Minutes from the September FOMC meeting. The Minutes noted that "a few" participants commented on the possibility of resuming asset purchases in order to stabilize the level of reserves in the banking system. However, Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, has already gone a step beyond that, essentially confirming that "organic" balance sheet expansion will resume soon during remarks made yesterday and today. The U.S. Dollar Index slipped overnight, but returned to its flat line (99.13) as the day wore on. Yield Check: 2-yr: +4 bps to 1.46% 3-yr: +6 bps to 1.43% 5-yr: +5 bps to 1.41% 10-yr: +5 bps to 1.59% 30-yr: +5 bps to 2.09%News: Turkey began a military operation in Northern Syria today. Reuters reported that China will block visas for U.S. visitors with connections to "anti-China" groups. The announcement was made after the U.S. imposed visa bans on Chinese officials linked to detention centers in Xinjiang. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, and Irish Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, will reportedly meet in Liverpool tomorrow. Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%. Today's Data: Wholesale inventories increased 0.2% m/m in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.4%), on top of an unrevised 0.2% increase in July. Wholesale sales were flat in August after increasing 0.2% in July. The key takeaway from the report is that it could prove difficult for wholesalers to gain pricing power given that inventory growth remains well ahead of sales growth on a yr/yr basis. Job Openings decreased to 7.051 mln in August from a revised 7.174 mln (from 7.217 mln) in July. The weekly MBA Mortgage Index rose 5.4% to follow last week's 8.1% increase. The Purchase Index fell 4.4% while the Refinance Index rose 9.8%. Weekly crude oil inventories increased by 2.7 mln barrels after increasing by 3.1 mln barrels during the previous week. $24 bln 10-year Treasury note reopening results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.590% (2.494%). Bid-to-cover: 2.43 (2.42). Indirect bid: 58.5% (62.8%). Direct bid: 12.8% (11.3%). Commodities: WTI crude: -0.1% to $52.63/bbl Gold: +0.6% to $1512.60/ozt Copper: -0.1% to $2.568/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0974 GBP/USD: -0.1% to 1.2209 USD/CNH: -0.4% to 7.1365 USD/JPY: +0.4% to 107.52 The Day Ahead: 8:30 ET: September CPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.1%), core CPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.3%), weekly Initial Claims (Briefing.com consensus 218,000; prior 215,000), and Continuing Claims (prior 1.651 mln) 10:30 ET: Weekly natural gas inventories (prior +112 bcf) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $16 bln 30-yr Treasury bond reopening results14:40SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Generac (GNRC) continues to outperform amid California power outages -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersGNRC (83.77 +9.05%): The backup power generation equipment provider outperforms amid California power outages; PG&E (PCG) is implementing a proactive Public Safety Power Shutoff affecting up to some 800K customers across counties in the central and northern parts of the state as a safety measure following forecasts for dry, hot, and windy weather that include potential fire risk. The weather event is expected to last through midday Thursday. The stock trades in proximity to its all-time highs. IRDM (22.02 +7.62%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Sidoti. The stock, which shed more than 20% from mid-September through the early part of October, lifts off of yesterday's seven-month lows. PTON (24.63 +6.12%): Initiated with an Outperform rating and a $28 price target at Robert W. Baird. Continued volatility for the late September IPO.Mid Cap LosersGTES (8.8 -7.27%): Downgraded to Sector Perform from Outperform at RBC Capital Mkts, citing an expectation that bumpiness could increase in co's short-cycle industrial end markets amid pressure from demand weakness and ongoing destocking. LEVI (17.75 -6.41%): Reported Q3 earnings; co topped consensus for EPS on in-line revs (+4.3% yr/yr to $1.45 bln) and reaffirmed its FY19 guidance. By region, revs increased +14% yr/yr in Europe and +9% in Asia while decreasing 3% in the Americas, co's largest category, primarily reflecting a decline in the region's wholesale business caused by a Dockers line reset, reduced shipments to the off-price channel in 2019, and the impact in 2019 of a pending acquisition of a South American distributor. Wholesale softness in the region was offset in part by DTC business growth; co also reported strong performances across its European and Asian DTC channels. MRNA (14.56 -4.9%): Sees moderate weakness, touching down to its lowest levels since August, alongside various biotech sector peers. In sector events, an IPO for a clinical-stage biotechnology company with a pipeline focused partly on individualized mRNA-based product candidates, BioNTech, is expected to occur later this week. (Related: XLRN, ALLO, RETA...)14:36COMDX Energy Settlement PricesNov Crude Oil futures fell $0.03 (-0.06%) to $52.6/barrel Nov Natural Gas $0.06 lower (-2.53%) at $2.23/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.01 higher (0.51%) at $1.589/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.01 higher (0.52%) at $1.92/gallon14:35TALKX Market Briefing: Muted reaction to FOMC MinutesThe minutes from the Sept. 17-18 FOMC meeting largely repeated what the market knew was true about that meeting based on the directive that followed the meeting. There was dissension in the ranks for various reasons when it came to cutting rates. Nevertheless, the majority view that the target range should be cut by 25 basis points won out.That cut was driven largely by concerns about the trade uncertainty, weakening conditions abroad, and a bid to take out some policy insurance to keep a slowdown from gathering downside momentum.The initial response by the market to the minutes has been muted, which makes sense given that there weren't any major surprises.One item that will get some added attention is that "a few participants" registered concern about prices in financial markets getting ahead of themselves in discounting the likelihood of continued accommodation than what these participants felt was justified. Accordingly, they thought it might become necessary for the Fed to realign those expectations with the Fed's own expectations for the rate-cut path.That sounds hawkish at first blush, but the wings of that view were clipped so to speak by the understanding that Fed Chair Powell gave a speech yesterday in which he highlighted risks to the outlook and said the Fed would be data dependent in a policy-setting process that is not a on a preset course.The rub here is that economic data since the last FOMC meeting hasn't been too stellar overall; moreover, the trade uncertainty has escalated, the Brexit uncertainty has persisted, and foreign economic data has continued to deteriorate.The bigger takeaway, though, is that Mr. Powell didn't take the opportunity to talk down the market's high expectations for a rate cut at the October FOMC meeting, evidenced by the CME FedWatch Tool showing an 80.7% probability of a 25-basis points rate cut at that meeting.The minutes for the September FOMC meeting, then, offered some interesting insight, yet they were ultimately too dated to change the market's more current view of what it expects to happen at the next policy meeting (Oct. 29-30).14:23ECONX FOMC Minutes- Key Excerpts- In line with Recent comments; Markets seeing muted reaction as commentary viewed as relatively dated following Powell speech yesterdayA couple of participants raised the concern that keeping policy rates low for a long time could lead to excessive risk taking in financial markets and threaten financial stability. However, a couple of other participants judged that macroprudential tools could be used to help ensure that any over leveraging of households and firms did not threaten the financial system, while monetary policy needed to be focused on achieving maximum employment and symmetric 2 percent inflation.Money markets were stable over most of the period, and the reduction in the interest on excess reserves (IOER) rate following the July FOMC meeting fully passed through to money market rates. However, money markets became highly volatile just before the September meeting, apparently spurred partly by large corporate tax payments and Treasury settlements, and remained so through the time of the meeting.In an environment of greater perceived uncertainty about potential outflows related to the corporate tax payment date, typical lenders in money markets were less willing to accommodate increased dealer demand for funding. Moreover, some banks maintained reserve levels significantly above those reported in the Senior Financial Officer Survey about their lowest comfortable level of reserves rather than lend in repo markets. Money market mutual funds reportedly also held back some liquidity in order to cushion against potential outflows.Financing conditions in consumer credit markets remained generally supportive of growth in consumer spending, although supply conditions continued to be tight for subprime credit card borrowers.Several participants noted that statistical models designed to gauge the probability of recession, including those based on information from the yield curve, suggested that the likelihood of a recession occurring over the medium term had increased notably in recent months. However, a couple of these participants stressed the difficulty of extracting the right signal from these probability models, especially in the current period of unusually low levels of term premiums.Some participants judged that a prolonged inversion of the yield curve could be a matter of concern. Participants also noted that equity prices had exhibited volatility but had been largely flat, on balance, over the intermeeting period. Several participants cited considerations that led them to be concerned about financial stability, including low risk spreads and a buildup of corporate debt, corporate stock buybacks financed through low-cost leverage, and the pace of lending in the CRE market. However, several others pointed to signs that the financial system remained resilient.Market participants remained attentive to a range of global risk factors that could affect the policy rate path, including trade tensions between the United States and China, developments in Europe, political tensions in Hong Kong, uncertainties related to Brexit, and escalating geopolitical tension in the Middle East following attacks on Saudi oil facilities.The average monthly change in core PCE prices in recent months was faster than earlier this year, suggesting that the soft inflation readings during the earlier period were transitory... All participants continued to project that total inflation, as measured by the four-quarter percent change in the price index for personal consumption expenditures (PCE), would increase from 2019 to 2020, and many expected another slight increase in 2021. The vast majority of participants expected that inflation would be at or slightly above the Committee's 2 percent objective in 2021 and 2022.A few participants noted the possibility of resuming trend growth of the balance sheet to help stabilize the level of reserves in the banking system. Participants agreed that any Committee decision regarding the trend pace of balance sheet expansion necessary to maintain a level of reserve balances appropriate to facilitate policy implementation should be clearly distinguished from past largescale asset purchase programs that were aimed at altering the size and composition of the Federal Reserve's asset holdings in order to provide monetary policy accommodation and ease overall financial conditions. Several participants suggested that such a discussion could benefit from also considering the merits of introducing a standing repurchase agreement facility as part of the framework for implementing monetary policy.14:01ECONX FOMC Minutes- Most policy makers felt 25 bps cut needed given economic outlook14:00ECONX Fed releases minutes from September meetingFed Release14:00DAL Delta Air Lines will report third quarter results tomorrow morning (53.84 +0.64)Delta Air Lines (DAL) will report third quarter results tomorrow morning at 7:00 AM; management will host a conference call at 10:00.Last week, the Atlanta, Georgia-based airline preannounced third quarter unit revenue in-line but warned about costs.Delta guided for third quarter EPS of $2.20-2.30, from $2.10-2.40 previously, pre-tax margin up 175 bps to 15.5% vs. 14.5-16.5% guidance, unit revenue +2.5% vs. +1.5-3.5% guidance, and unit cost up 2.5% vs. +1-2% guidance due to employee costs, volume and weather.Delta also raised FY19 unit cost guidance to +2% from +1% on employee wage increases and maintenance timing. The company rewarded eligible employees for industry leading performance with a 4% raise this month.The stock fell (through its 200-DMA and 50-WMA) to a four-month low in response to the higher than expected cost outlook. News of potential tariffs on Airbus (EADSY) imports also weighed on the stock that day.Given Delta's preannouncement, focus will be on guidance for the fourth quarter. S&P Capital IQ Consensus projects EPS up 15% to $1.50. Cowen's Helane Becker expects Delta to guide for fourth quarter unit revenue up 0-2%.Delta previously guided for FY19 EPS of $6.75-7.25 (+25%), revenue up 6-7% with solid margin expansion.On the call, we will look for more color on industry demand; domestic, international and among leisure and business travelers. We will also look for the potential impact of Airbus tariffs and strategic plans for its $2 bln LATAM Airlines (LTM) partnership/investment, which was announced in late September.Despite being on track to report more than $5 bln in operating profit for the sixth consecutive year, Delta and its airline peers still trade at a notable discount to industrial peers. With a $34 bln market cap, Delta trades at just over 5x/EBITDA (roughly in-line with American and United but a discount to Southwest) and 7x EPS estimates.13:42COMDX Metals Settlement PricesDec gold settled today's session up $8.30 (0.55%) at $1512.2/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.11 higher (0.62%) at $17.81/oz Dec copper settled flat at $2.5685/lb13:19OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:HEXO Oct 4 calls (volume: 1670, open int: 670, implied vol: ~137%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.DHT Nov 8 calls (volume: 1860, open int: 50, implied vol: ~54%, prev day implied vol: 48%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.LUV Oct 54 calls (volume: 2590, open int: 20, implied vol: ~35%, prev day implied vol: 32%). Co is confirmed to report earnings October 24 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:JNJ Oct 130 puts (volume: 1280, open int: 3030, implied vol: ~27%, prev day implied vol: 23%). Co is confirmed to report earnings October 15 before the open.DB Nov 7 puts (volume: 9030, open int: 160, implied vol: ~44%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is scheduled to present at a Capital Link conference on October 15. Co is expected to report earnings early November.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.17, VIX: (18.80, -1.48, -7.3%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:15SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Materials: X (25.98 mln -8.43%), FCX (11.22 mln -0.06%), CLF (8.63 mln -1.19%)Industrials: GE (18.06 mln -0.12%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (22.67 mln -5.29%), ROKU (18.99 mln +7.23%), F (8.55 mln +0.35%)Information Technology: AMD (20.79 mln +0.97%), AAPL (10.01 mln +1.14%), MSFT (8.96 mln +1.69%)Financials: BAC (18.86 mln +1.07%), TQQQ (11.53 mln +3.21%), QQQ (10.34 mln +1.05%), SQQQ (8.74 mln -3.16%)Energy: CHK (29.11 mln +0%), ECA (13.23 mln -0.48%), RIG (10.8 mln -0.98%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (9.18 mln +0.66%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: DBVT (8.54x -5.44%), PRQR (3.3x +11.45%), QGEN (2.73x +4.33%), AVNS (2.08x +4.85%), FPRX (1.85x +21.68%)Materials: X (1.83x -8.43%)Industrials: DOOR (1.92x +0.68%), GNRC (1.9x +9.59%), ESE (1.58x +1.48%)Consumer Discretionary: IRBT (4.1x -5.02%), AOBC (2.36x +7.15%)Information Technology: MPWR (4.28x -3.01%), FEYE (1.57x +4.6%)Financials: JRVR (17.73x -22.25%), CIBR (1.58x +1.16%)Energy: EURN (2.45x +0.72%), FRO (2.32x -1.33%), TOO (1.78x +0.65%)Utilities: NGG (1.59x -0.6%)13:13SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: FPRX (4.49 +21.68%), PRQR (6.62 +11.45%), ADAP (1.08 +7.41%), DVAX (4.05 +7%), CYRX (14.59 +5.42%), AVNS (38.51 +4.85%), TNDM (55.47 +4.39%)Industrials: GNRC (84.2 +9.59%), RYAAY (69.2 +4.83%)Consumer Discretionary: ROKU (115.81 +7.23%), AOBC (6.44 +7.15%), SNBR (42.69 +6.14%), VNE (14.34 +4.9%), BOOT (34.34 +4.76%), CVNA (69.53 +4.73%)Information Technology: FEYE (14.48 +4.6%)Financials: PPDF (2.82 +6.63%)Consumer Staples: UNFI (7.43 +4.65%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: ASMB (8.18 -8.91%), CHRS (18.95 -8.01%), MNK (2.26 -7.76%), MRNA (14.41 -5.87%)Materials: RFP (4.16 -8.97%), X (10.1 -8.43%), TMST (5.47 -6.66%)Industrials: GTES (8.85 -6.74%), MAXR (7.34 -6.5%)Consumer Discretionary: WTRH (1.08 -6.23%)Financials: JRVR (38.05 -22.25%)Energy: SPN (0.38 -20.5%), HPR (1.22 -8.27%), RES (4.77 -8.01%), NINE (5.25 -6.84%), LBRT (9.53 -5.92%)Utilities: JE (1.96 -6.67%)13:08LLY Eli Lilly announced that Verzenio in combination with fulvestrant significantly extended life by a median of 9.4 months in women with hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer previously treated with endocrine therapy (107.51 +0.32)Both of these analyses were pre-defined and results are consistent with the intent-to-treat (ITT) results from the MONARCH 2 study which had previously demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in the primary endpoint of progression-free survival, with overall survival as a secondary endpoint of the trial. In addition to extending life, an exploratory analysis of these data has shown Verzenio in combination with fulvestrant delayed the time to chemotherapy, with a median time to chemotherapy of 50.2 months versus 22.1 months in the placebo arm (HR: 0.625; 95% CI: 0.501, 0.779). In this exploratory analysis, women who died before receiving chemotherapy were included up until the date of death. This finding may be an important treatment consideration in advanced breast cancer as physicians aim to postpone the use of chemotherapy for as long as possible.13:05BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$24 bln 10-year Treasury note reopening: Auction results: High yield: 1.590% (When-Issued: 1.591%) Bid-to-cover: 2.43Indirect bid: 58.5% Direct bid: 12.8% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.494% Bid-to-cover: 2.42 Indirect bid: 62.8% Direct bid: 11.3%13:02SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New lows (83) outpacing new highs (36) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: AIV, AJX, AMH, AMWD, AVB, CPT, CY, DHT, DLR, DOCU, DSSI, ES, ESS, FRO, HCP, HTA, INSW, INVH, IRT, JCOM, KBH, LPG, MAA, MPW, NAT, O, OHI, QTS, STNG, SUI, SUM, TGT, TNK, TNP, TRNO, TYLStocks that traded to 52 week lows: AAWW, ABMD, ADS, AGIO, AMG, ANDE, APEI, AR, ASMB, BCRX, BGS, CBAY, CDEV, CLVS, CNSL, CRY, CTMX, CTRA, DNOW, DZSI, ENBL, ENTA, EOG, EPM, FANG, FCX, FDX, FET, FLDM, FTCH, GDOT, GOSS, GPRO, HEP, HMHC, ICPT, IRBT, JCAP, KALV, LBRT, LKCO, LMNX, LXFR, MAC, MDP, MRC, MRO, MTW, NDLS, NESR, NFG, NKTR, NTLA, NVT, ORBC, OXSQ, OXY, PAA, PBT, PBYI, PSNL, PUMP, QGEN, RES, RFP, RRC, SDRL, SENS, SILK, SLCA, SM, SPG, SRNE, TCO, TDW, TLRD, TRUP, URGN, VKTX, VRAY, WBS, X, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: UHT, WDFCThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: ALBO, BSTC, CLXT, CMCT, FULC, MANU, NPKETFs that traded to 52 week lows: OIH, XES12:57WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks rebounding on report that China wants to negotiate a partial trade dealU.S. stocks are trending higher in midday action, presumably on a report that China is willing to negotiate a partial trade deal that doesn't resolve structural issues. Shares of technology and energy companies lead the rebound rally that has the S&P 500 (+0.9%) back above the 2900 level. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.7%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 1.0%.Under the terms indicated by an "unnamed official" to Bloomberg, China would agree to buy more agricultural products in exchange for the U.S. to hold off on any further tariff increases. A separate report from the Financial Times noted that China could increase its annual purchases of U.S. soybeans to 30 million tons from 20 million tons.Although key issues like forced technology transfers are unlikely to be resolved in the upcoming trade talks, the news has been construed as a positive. This might be since some began to think yesterday that trade talks would yield no progress, leading to a planned increase in tariff rates on Oct. 15 and Dec. 15, after the U.S. blacklisted 28 more Chinese firms and imposed visa bans on Chinese officials linked to human rights abuses.A relief bid, then, appears to be lifting all 11 S&P 500 sectors up between 0.4% (utilities) and 1.4% (information technology). The energy sector (+1.0%) joins the tech sector atop the standings amid a rise in oil prices ($53.30/bbl, +0.68, +1.3%). Oil may be seeing higher demand after Turkey launched a military operation in Syria that could increase the geopolitical risk in the region.Despite the positive bias in the equity market, investors should caution against placing too much credence in preliminary trade reports. Neither side has officially commented on today's news, and market participants might have to wait until those talks end on Friday for a clearer indication on where things stand.In corporate news, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 129.09, -2.75, -2.1%) was ordered to pay $8 billion in a case involving its Risperdal drug. American Airlines (AAL 27.16, +0.91, +3.5%) preannounced in-line third quarter results and delayed the return of its Boeing (BA 374.16, +0.03, unch) 737 MAX to Jan. 16.U.S. Treasuries have steadily declined throughout the session, which has sent yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.58%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 99.14.Reviewing today's batch of economic data:Wholesale inventories increased 0.2% m/m in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.4%), on top of an unrevised 0.2% increase in July. Wholesale sales were flat in August after increasing 0.2% in July.The key takeaway from the report is that it could prove difficult for wholesalers to gain pricing power given that inventory growth remains well ahead of sales growth on a yr/yr basis.August Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey showed that job openings declined to 7.051 million from a revised 7.174 million in July (from 7.217 million).The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index increased 5.4% following an 8.1% increase in the prior week.As a reminder, the FOMC Minutes from the September meeting will be released at 2:00 p.m. ET.12:24FPRX Five Prime Therapeutics advances 19% following share purchase disclosures from Biotechnology Value Fund (4.39 +0.70)Last night, one of the company's major shareholder entities, Biotechnology Value Fund, disclosed its recent purchase of 601,482 of the company's shares, valued collectively at circa $2.3 mln, in various transactions. The stock makes gains while trading with close to 2x its average volume.12:09LVMUY LVMH reports Q3 revs +17% yr/yr (11% on organic basis) to EUR 13.32 bln vs. EUR 12.76 bln consensus (79.81 +2.58)"The United States and Europe saw good progress in the third quarter, as did Asia, despite the difficult context in Hong Kong."12:05SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- James River Group (JRVR) declines following policy cancellation with major customer -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersAOBC (6.6 +9.82%): Upgraded to Buy from Hold and assigned a $10 price target at Craig Hallum. SNBR (43.79 +8.88%): Upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform and given a $48 target at Raymond James. Co will report its Q3 results after the market closes next Tuesday, October 15. SNDL (4.72 +7.27%): In recent press, co today issued a response to "baseless class action lawsuits"; the lawsuits in question, said co, "stem from a single online article, which erroneously described a since-resolved commercial dispute." Co notes that a product return referenced in the article "represented a minimal percentage of [co's] total production to date" and that is has had an at-most "negligible" impact on any of its quarterly earnings.Small Cap LosersJRVR (38.1 -22.15%): Dropped to its lowest levels since January after announcing that it has delivered a notice of early cancellation, effective December 31, of all insurance policies issued to its largest customer, Rasier LLC and its affiliates; a majority of the insurance policies related to this customer, which are included in co's commercial auto line of business, were due to expire on February 29, 2020. The account has not met co's expectations for profitability. Co also announced two items that will impact its Q3 results: a pre-tax, adverse development of between $55-60 mln, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums, and growth of +72% yr/yr in its Core (Non-Commercial Auto) Excess and Surplus Lines Gross Written Premium. Downgraded at SunTrust and B. Riley FBR. LOOP (11.17 -12.6%): Filed for a common stock offering of approx. 2.08 mln shares by selling shareholders. X (10.11 -8.34%): Announced executive management changes and operating model reorganization. Co's CFO, Kevin P. Bradley, announced his intention to resign, effective November 4; he will be succeeded by Christine Breves, who has been with co since 2013 and who currently serves as SVP, Manufacturing Support and Chief Supply Chain Officer. Separately, co, effective in January, will implement "an enhanced operating model and organizational structure to accelerate [co's] strategic transformation" that will align co's corporate structure more closely with co's previously announced strategic investments, including its recently purchased minority interest in Big River Steel; co reports that the enhanced operating model will position co to deliver approx. $200 mln of annual fixed cost savings by 2022. Touches down to multi-year lows.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$24 bln 10-year Treasury note reopening (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.739% Bid-to-cover: 2.46 Indirect bid: 62.6% Direct bid: 12.7% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.494% Bid-to-cover: 2.42 Indirect bid: 62.8% Direct bid: 11.3%10:59TALKX Market Briefing: Rebound underway as China reportedly still willing to dealA Bloomberg News report that China remains open to striking a partial trade deal has led to a full body move in the stock market. All 11 sectors are trading higher, with information technology (+1.2%) and energy (+1.0%) at the front of the pack.The Chinese are reportedly willing to buy more agricultural goods if the U.S. refrains from imposing any additional tariff increases.Trump Administration officials have been quiet so far on whether they find China's notion of a partial deal acceptable; nevertheless, market participants are pushing a relief trade on the heels of yesterday's thinking that nothing constructive would come out of this week's trade negotiations after the U.S. blacklisted 28 more Chinese government and commercial firms and imposed a visa ban on officials who have allegedly committed human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.Importantly, China's interest in a partial deal would reportedly not include any concessions on major structural issues. Knowing that, one needs to remain suspect about the sustainability of today's early move since it is clear China's negotiating intention falls well short of the complete deal President Trump has said he is seeking.The Nasdaq Composite is up 0.8%; the S&P 500 is up 0.7%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.5%; and the Russell 2000 is up 0.2%.10:55XLE Energy sector climbs alongside crude oil (56.38 +0.48)The energy sector displays relative strength today, trailing only the top-weighted technology sector (+1.2%). The outperformance in the growth-sensitive sector has been assisted by a 0.7% gain in crude oil, which trades in the green even though the recently released weekly inventory report showed the fourth consecutive build.Today's relative strength in the energy sector comes after a shaky start to the week. The group remains down 1.7% for the week, hovering at the bottom of this week's leaderboard.Today's advance has been assisted by gains in most energy components while National Oilwell Varco (NOV 19.99, -0.29, -1.4%) trades at its lowest level in over a month on no news.10:43SUMRX Economic Summary: Wholesale Inventories below expectations; September CPI due out tomorrow at 8:30 ETEconomic Data Summary:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications 5.4% (Last Week was 8.1%)August Wholesale Inventories 0.2% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.4%; July was 0.2%The key takeaway from the report is that it could prove difficult for wholesalers to gain pricing power given that inventory growth remains well ahead of sales growth on a yr/yr basis.August JOLTS - Jobs Openings 7.05 mln (July was revised to 7.17 mln from 7.22 mln)Upcoming Economic Data:September CPI due out Thursday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; August was 0.1%) September Core CPI due out Thursday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; August was 0.3%) Weekly Initial Claims due out Thursday at 8:30 (Briefing.com consensus of 218K; Last Week was 219K) Weekly Continuing Claims due out Thursday at 8:30 (Last Week was 1.651 mln)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 11:00 ETThe Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be announced at 13:00 ETWednesday: $24 bln in 10 Year Treasury notesThursday: $16 bln in 30 Year Treasury bondsOther International Events of Interest:Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks.10:32COMDX Summary of Weekly Petroleum Data for the week ending October 4, 2019U.S. crude oil refinery inputs averaged 15.7 million barrels per day during the week ending October 4, 2019, which was 361,000 barrels per day less than the previous week's average. Refineries operated at 85.7% of their operable capacity last week. Gasoline production decreased last week, averaging 10.1 million barrels per day. Distillate fuel production increased last week, averaging 4.8 million barrels per day. U.S. crude oil imports averaged 6.2 million barrels per day last week, down by 67,000 barrels per day from the previous week. Over the past four weeks, crude oil imports averaged about 6.5 million barrels per day, 16.8% less than the same four-week period last year. Total motor gasoline imports (including both finished gasoline and gasoline blending components) last week averaged 642,000 barrels per day, and distillate fuel imports averaged 92,000 barrels per day. U.S. commercial crude oil inventories (excluding those in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve) increased by 2.9 million barrels from the previous week. At 425.6 million barrels, U.S. crude oil inventories are at the five year average for this time of year. Total motor gasoline inventories decreased by 1.2 million barrels last week and are about 2% above the five year average for this time of year. Finished gasoline and blending components inventories both decreased last week. Distillate fuel inventories decreased by 3.9 million barrels last week and are about 9% below the five year average for this time of year. Propane/propylene inventories increased by 0.1 million barrels last week and are about 14% above the five year average for this time of year. Total commercial petroleum inventories decreased last week by 8.3 million barrels last week. Total products supplied over the last four-week period averaged 20.9 million barrels per day, up by 3.0% from the same period last year. Over the past four weeks, motor gasoline product supplied averaged 9.2 million barrels per day, up by 0.5% from the same period last year. Distillate fuel product supplied averaged 3.9 million barrels per day over the past four weeks, down by 7.1% from the same period last year. Jet fuel product supplied was down 0.7% compared with the same four-week period last year.10:30COMDX EIA petroleum data for the week ended October 4Crude oil inventories had a build of +2.7 mln Prior week showed a build of +3.1 mln Gasoline Inventories had a draw of -0.2 mln Prior week had a draw of -0.5 mln Distillate Inventories had a draw of -3.9 mln Prior week had a draw of -2.4 mln10:24OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:HEXO Oct 4 calls are seeing interest with 1670 contracts trading vs. open int of 670, pushing implied vol up around 41 points to ~137%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Puts:JNJ Oct 130 puts are seeing interest with 1280 contracts trading vs. open int of 3030, pushing implied vol up around 4 points to ~27%. Co is confirmed to report earnings October 15 before the open.Stocks seeing volatility selling:LEVI implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.17, VIX: (19.52, -0.76, -3.8%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.10:19ROKU Roku (+6%) breaks out to 3-week high after Macquarie upgraded to Outperform, assuming user base can triple based on its international opportunity (114.12 +6.12)10:02ECONX August JOLTS- Job Openings 7.051 mln, Prior 7.217 mln10:01ECONX August Wholesale Inventories M/M +0.2% vs +0.4% Briefing.com consensus10:00DOMO Domo up 3.7% after CEO Josh James on Twitter during yesterday's session announced a contract win with a multi-billion dollar company for thousands of employees (16.11 +0.58)Tweet09:49GNRC Generac outperforming off the open, with shares currently +7% amid California outages (82.02 +5.19)Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PCG) this morning said that it had implemented the first phase of a Public Safety Power Shutoff across significant portions of its service area in response to a widespread, severe wind event. The decision to turn off power was based on forecasts of dry, hot and windy weather including potential fire risk. Based on the latest weather forecasts and models, PG&E anticipates that this weather event will last through midday Thursday, with peak winds forecasted from Wednesday morning through Thursday morning and reaching 60 to 70 mph at higher elevations. PG&E said that overall, up to 800k customers could be affected by the multi-phase power shutoffs.CNN Article09:48SMH Whipped around by trade headlines (118.36 +1.83)Semiconductor stocks are showing relative strength in the early going as the market responds to more speculation concerning negotiations between China and the U.S. The PHLX Semiconductor Index (+1.5%) fell below its 50-day moving average yesterday, pressured by negative-sounding headlines, but it is back above that level today as the market takes a more optimistic view of the upcoming negotiations, even though it is not clear if the optimism is warranted.Chipmakers remain subject to increased volatility as the market deals with trade-related headlines, considering that these companies source some of their components from China and that they also sell finished products to the Chinese market.Today's early strength has been broad-based, as 27 of the 30 index components trade with gains of at least 1.0%, while Monolithic Power (MPWR 134.38, -7.42, -5.2%) has bucked the trend, falling to its lowest level since early July after Spruce Point Management published a report that calls for the stock to decline up to 85%.09:43WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stocks open higher on report that China is still open to partial dealThe major averages begin the day recouping some of yesterday's losses on news that China is still interested in reaching a partial trade deal. The S&P 500 is up 0.6%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.6%, and the Nasdaq Composite is up 0.8%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors rebounding from yesterday's broad-based losses. The information technology (+1.1%), energy (+1.0%), and materials (+1.0%) sectors are up at least 1.0%, while the communication services sector (+0.1%) is up slightly.U.S. Treasuries are mixed. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 99.06. WTI crude is up 1.5% to $53.44/bbl amid confirmation that Turkey has begun a military operation in Syria.09:38SCANX Earnings/guidance moversFEYE +5.20% GOL +3.92% PPDF +1.89% AAL +2.06% TSM +1.04% PYPL +0.78% UMC +0.48% LEVI -4.86% CHT -1.18% ASX -0.85%09:28WIRES On The WiresNew Residential's (NRZ) NewRez LLC announced today the formation of a new joint venture mortgage company to be added to its network of partners. NewRez and Shelter Mortgage Company, LLC, the NewRez business division focused on JV lending, have partnered in this venture with First Team Real Estate, a unit sales leader in Southern California. The name of the new joint venture is Homeowners First Mortgage.Yesterday, California Water Service, the largest subsidiary of California Water Service Group (CWT), jointly filed a formal settlement agreement in its 2018 General Rate Case (GRC) with the Public Advocates Office of the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) covering the majority of open matters in the case. The largest component of the GRC is Cal Water's Infrastructure Improvement Plan for 2019-2021. The CPUC will consider, but is not required to adopt, the settlement agreement. If it is approved, Cal Water would be authorized to include in rates $609-628 mln of new projects throughout the state in 2019 to 2021, along with approx. $200 mln for completion of additional projects begun in 2018 and prior periods. Cal Water anticipates that if the settlement were adopted, it would plan to make capital investments of approximately $809-828 mln in the 2019-2021 period.Arthur J. Gallagher (AJG) announced the acquisition of Louisville, Kentucky-based Garrett-Stotz Company, a full-service commercial and personal lines property/casualty and benefits agency. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.The Habit Burger Grill (HABT) is setting its sights on South Korea as the next international growth target as the burger-centric restaurant concept continues its march abroad. To support its expansion plans, The Habit has partnered with the experienced business development consulting firm Bridging Culture Worldwide to attract multi-unit franchise development companies.Newmont Goldcorp (NEM) confirmed that the "illegal blockade" of the Peasquito mine in Mexico was lifted yesterday. The company continues to work with the federal and state governments toward a sustainable, long-term solution, and lifting of the blockade paves the way for the government-sponsored dialogue to resume. Operations at the mine remain temporarily suspended pending further evaluation of the situation on the ground and assurances that the blockade will not be allowed to resume. The blockade impacted Peasquito's third quarter production by approx. 11,000 gold ounces, 1.7 mln silver ounces, 13.7 mln pounds of lead, and 22.8 mln pounds of zinc and is expected to impact the company's full-year results for the operation.09:13WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +21.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +66.50.The stock market is on track to rebound at the open on upbeat trade news, although futures have been slowly retracing some of those gains. The S&P 500 futures trade 22 points, or 0.8%, above fair value.Futures initially spiked to session highs after Bloomberg received information from an "unnamed official with direct knowledge of the talks" that China was interested in reaching a partial trade deal with the U.S. Specifically, China would agree to buy more agricultural products, possibly 10 million more tons of soybeans annually, if no more tariff increases were imposed on Beijing.Neither side has officially commented on the report.U.S. Treasuries were little changed on the news, reflecting a more reserved view on the situation as no structural changes would be resolved. The 10-yr note is up one basis point to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 99.07.In other news, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 129.60, -2.24, -1.7%) was ordered to pay $8 billion in a case involving its Risperdal drug, although some have said an appeal might lower this payment. Fed Chair Powell will speak with Kansas City Fed President George (FOMC voter) in a roundtable session at 11:00 a.m. ET.09:07FIT Fitbit to shift manufacturing operations outside of China for effectively all trackers and smartwatches (3.69 )As a result, starting in January 2020, the company expects those products will no longer be of Chinese origin and therefore not subject to Section 301 tariffs. The company will provide more details of the financial implications of these tariff mitigation efforts during its upcoming third quarter earnings conference call.09:02CYRX CryoPort Board authorizes $15 mln share repurchase program (13.84 )08:58T AT&T to sell its wireless and wireline operations in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to Liberty Latin America (LILA) for $1.95 billion in cash (37.48 )The transaction includes network assets, including spectrum; real estate and leases; customers, including 1.1 million wireless subscribers; and contracts.Under the terms of the agreement, AT&T will receive $1.95 billion in cash at close, subject to customary closing adjustments. The transaction is subject to review by the FCC and the Department of Justice. The two companies expect the deal to close within 6 to 9 months.To reach its de-leveraging goal, AT&T plans to use free cash flow after dividends and to continue monetization initiatives.With this deal, the total of completed or announced monetization efforts this year is more than $11 billion. Given the company's confidence in reaching a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio in the 2.5x range this year, shareholders should expect that share buybacks will be in the mix in the fourth quarter of 2019, along with continued de-levering.08:52EPD Enterprise Products increases quarterly distribution to $0.4425/unit from $0.44/unit (27.61 )08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +22.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +67.30.The S&P 500 futures trade 22 points, or 0.8%, above fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks. Financial Times reported early this morning that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by $10 bln, but a follow-up report indicated that the offer was for a 10 mln ton increase. Nissan named Makoto Uchida as its new CEO.Economic data was limited: Japan's preliminary August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%) Australia's October Westpac Consumer Sentiment -5.5% m/m (last -1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -0.8% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.4% India's Sensex: +1.7% South Korea's Kospi: CLOSED Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.7%Major European indices trade higher across the board. The Times reported that the EU is open to a compromise with the U.K. regarding the Irish backstop. Ireland's Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is expected to meet with Britain's Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, tomorrow or Friday. Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%.Investors did not receive any notable data---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.6% Germany's DAX: +1.2% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.6% France's CAC 40: +0.7% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.6% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.6%08:39WIRES On The WiresDermira, Inc. (DERM) dosed the first patient in a Phase 3 study evaluating the safety and efficacy of lebrikizumab in adult and adolescent patients ages 12 and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, the most common form of eczema.SmileDirectClub, Inc. (SDC) announced its recent expansion into New Zealand. Through access to safe, affordable and convenient smile care solutions, SmileDirectClub helps people unleash the power of their smile, empowering them to positively impact their place in the world.08:29WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +24.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +73.30.The S&P 500 futures trade 25 points, or 0.9%, above fair value, with the benchmark index looking to open back above the 2900 level.Although China is not looking to resolve core issues tomorrow or Friday, the indication that they are at least wanting to reach a partial agreement despite a flare-up in tensions yesterday has been good for sentiment (or the algorithms).Any positive-sounding trade headline has usually had a positive effect on the market, but a negative-sounding one usually has the opposite effect, too. In other words, it remains a volatile trading environment where trade news is likely to dictate short-term movements.Separately, American Airlines (AAL 26.70, +0.44, +1.7%) is expecting its Boeing (BA 375.95, +1.85, +0.5%) 737 MAX 8 to return to service on Jan. 16, according to CNBC.08:18BNTX BioNTech slashes size and terms of pending IPO -- expected net proceeds reduced by nearly 40%Co is now planning to offer 10 mln shares between $15.00-16.00 vs. earlier plans to offer 13.2 mln shares between $18.00-20.00.Net proceeds are expected to be $142 mln vs the $232 mln expected under the initial terms.08:07AKAM Akamai Tech to acquire ChameleonX; terms not disclosed (88.17 )ChameleonX is an Israel-based company with a unique solution to protect websites from a form of attack that entails credit card skimming and user credential theft via malicious or compromised third-party scripts. The intended transaction is expected to further strengthen Akamai's industry leading security portfolio.08:06AAL American Airlines in quarterly investor update comments on 737 MAX 8, affirms Q3 revenue guidance (26.26 )Fleet and operation - On March 13, 2019, a directive from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) grounded all U.S.-registered Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. The American Airlines fleet currently includes 24 Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft with an additional 76 aircraft on order. As a result of this directive, the company cancelled 9,475 flights in the third quarter. The company estimates that the cancellations in the third quarter negatively impacted pre-tax income by approximately $140 million. As reported this morning, the company has now cancelled all 737 MAX flying through January 15, 2020. As a result of the extension of the grounding, the company now expects to fly approximately 70.1 billion available seat miles (ASMs) in the fourth quarter.Revenue - Despite the negative impact to revenue of Hurricane Dorian, the company expects its third quarter total revenue per available seat mile (TRASM) to be up approximately 1.5% to 2.5% yr/yr. The midpoint of this guidance is unchanged from the company's previous guidance of up approximately 1.0% to 3.0%.CASM - The company continues to expect its third quarter total cost per available seat mile (CASM) excluding fuel and special items to be up approximately 4.0% to 6.0% yr/yr.08:05SUMRX Gapping up/down: FEYE +5% and LEVI +1% after earnings, China related names trading higher, ROKU +4% and CMG +1% after upgrades; JNJ -2% after unfavorable ruling in Risperdal caseGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:FEYE +4.9%, LEVI +1.2%, GOL +1.2% (Q3 guidance) TSM +1% (reports September revs)Select select China related stocks trading higher following headlines regarding China's willingness toward partial deal:ASHR +2.2%, WB +1.8%, NVDA +1.5%, BABA +1.5%, BIDU +1.5%, M +1.4%, JD +1.3%, CAT +1.1%, AAPL +1.1%, ADI +1%, ADM +1%, TGT +0.9%, MOS +0.9%, UTX +0.8%, BA +0.6%, WMT +0.6%Select oil/gas related names showing strength:TOT +1.3%, SLB +1.3%, BP +1.2%, XLE +0.9%, RDS.A +0.7%, PSX +0.5%Other news:BKD +6.5% (Land & Buildings withdraws Director nomination at Brookdale -- believes its engagement to date has brought about much-needed improvements)PPDF +5.3% (says total loan origination volume in the third quarter exceeded guidance)X +0.9% (CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure)AMEH +0.9% (after seeing late push off lows)Analyst comments:AOBC +5.7% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Craig Hallum)ROKU +3.7% (upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Macquarie)BOOT +2.5% (initiated with Overweight at Stephens; tgt $46)LX +2.5% (initiated with Outperform at Credit Suisse)PTON +1.2% (initiated with Outperform at Robert W. Baird; tgt $28)CMG +1% (upgraded to Hold from Underperform at Gordon Haskett)SNBR +0.8% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/AOther news:JRVR -9.1% (delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability) DBVT -6% (prices $125 mln offering of an aggregate of 9,484,066 ordinary shares and 15,829,244 ADSs at $6.59 per ADS)JNJ -2.1% (reports of unfavorable ruling in Risperdal case)Analyst comments:IRBT -8.5% (downgraded to Underperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)OLN -0.8% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)DPZ -0.6% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus)WLK -0.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)08:04WIRES On The WiresEmmaus Life Sciences, Inc. (EMMA), a leader in sickle cell disease treatment, announced the allowance by the Indian Patent Office of its patent application (serial number 1255/KOLNP/2014) for methods and compositions of pharmaceutical-grade L-glutamine for the treatment of diverticulosis. The allowance of this application follows the issuance of corresponding patents in the United States, Europe, Japan, Australia, Mexico, China, Indonesia, South Korea and Russia. Patent applications are currently pending in various jurisdictions around the world, including Brazil.Axos Financial, Inc. (AX) announced that WiseBanyan, the digital wealth management platform it acquired earlier this year, has been rebranded as Axos Invest. With the rebrand, Axos Invest will begin to merge its offerings with Axos Bank's checking, savings, and lending services to enable consumers to better manage their finances while streamlining their overall customer experience. Tech Data (TECD) has partnered with Akamai Technologies, a leading content delivery network (CDN) services provider of cloud security solutions, to offer security and performance services tailored to meet clients' IT security needs as their businesses evolve. Representing Akamai's first partnership with a technology distributor, these additions to Tech Data's security portfolio provide a cloud- and data-center-agnostic delivery platform with a defense-in-depth approach, whereby a series of defensive mechanisms are layered for utmost data protection.FireEye, Inc. (FEYE), the intelligence-led security company, today introduced new cloud security capabilities at its annual Cyber Defense Summit, including a strategic partnership with iboss, and availability on Amazon Web Services Marketplace.08:03BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Dip as Focus Remains on Trade HeadlinesU.S. Treasuries are on track for a lower start after Treasury futures retreated in early-morning trade. Treasury futures spent the early portion of the overnight session in a narrow range, but they slid to lows over the past few hours. The market was pressured by a couple reports pertaining to U.S.-China trade. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials may be open to a partial trade deal, which is something that has been the subject of speculation in the past. A bit later, Financial Times reported that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by $10 bln, but a follow-up report indicated that the offer was for a 10 mln ton increase. Treasury futures hit pre-market lows during the last hour, and they currently trade a bit above those lows. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% at 99.05. Yield Check: 2-yr: +2 bps to 1.44% 3-yr: +2 bps to 1.39% 5-yr: +1 bp to 1.37% 10-yr: +2 bps to 1.56% 30-yr: +2 bps to 2.06%News: Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks. Nissan named Makoto Uchida as its new CEO. The Times reported that the EU is open to a compromise with the U.K. regarding the Irish backstop. Ireland's Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is expected to meet with Britain's Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, tomorrow or Friday. Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%. Commodities: WTI Crude: +0.9% to $53.08/bbl Gold: +0.2% to $1506.70/ozt Copper: +0.1% to $2.572/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0977 GBP/USD: +0.1% to 1.2224 USD/CNH: -0.4% to 7.1336 USD/JPY: +0.3% to 107.40 Data out Today: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (actual 5.4%; prior 8.1%) 10:00 ET: August Wholesale Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.4%; prior 0.2%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $24 bln 10-yr Treasury note reopening results Fed Speakers: 11:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell 11:00 ET: Kansas City Fed President (FOMC voter) Esther George08:03SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:N/AOther news:JRVR -9.1% (delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability) DBVT -6% (prices $125 mln offering of an aggregate of 9,484,066 ordinary shares and 15,829,244 ADSs at $6.59 per ADS)JNJ -2.1% (reports of unfavorable ruling in Risperdal case)Analyst comments:IRBT -8.5% (downgraded to Underperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)OLN -0.8% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)DPZ -0.6% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus)WLK -0.5% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)08:02ADAP Adaptimmune Therapeutics and Cryoport (CYRX) announce a 3-year agreement to ensure safe and fully monitored transport of Adaptimmune's cell therapies (1.01 )08:01BLUE Bluebirdbio and Novo Nordisk (NVO) enter into a research collaboration to jointly develop next-generation in vivo genome editing treatments for genetic diseases, including hemophilia (88.71 )During the three-year research collaboration, bluebird and Novo Nordisk will focus on identifying a development gene therapy candidate with the ambition of offering people with hemophilia A a lifetime free of factor replacement therapy.08:01CPK Chesapeake Utilities to exit natural gas marketing business (93.42 )The co announced that it is exiting the natural gas marketing business through the sale of the majority of the assets of Peninsula Energy Services Company, Inc. (PESCO), the company's natural gas marketing subsidiary. To date, the company has executed three separate transactions to sell PESCO's assets and contracts. The company expects to recognize a gain from the sale of the assets in 2019 upon the closing of the transactions. More information will be provided in the company's third quarter earnings press release and Form 10-Q report as well as subsequent filings.08:01SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:FEYE +4.9%, LEVI +1.2%, GOL +1.2% (Q3 guidance) TSM +1% (reports September revs)Select select China related stocks trading higher following headlines regarding China's willingness toward partial deal:ASHR +2.2%, WB +1.8%, NVDA +1.5%, BABA +1.5%, BIDU +1.5%, M +1.4%, JD +1.3%, CAT +1.1%, AAPL +1.1%, ADI +1%, ADM +1%, TGT +0.9%, MOS +0.9%, UTX +0.8%, BA +0.6%, WMT +0.6%Select oil/gas related names showing strength:TOT +1.3%, SLB +1.3%, BP +1.2%, XLE +0.9%, RDS.A +0.7%, PSX +0.5%Other news:BKD +6.5% (Land & Buildings withdraws Director nomination at Brookdale -- believes its engagement to date has brought about much-needed improvements)PPDF +5.3% (says total loan origination volume in the third quarter exceeded guidance)X +0.9% (CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure)AMEH +0.9% (after seeing late push off lows)Analyst comments:AOBC +5.7% (upgraded to Buy from Hold at Craig Hallum)ROKU +3.7% (upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Macquarie)BOOT +2.5% (initiated with Overweight at Stephens; tgt $46)LX +2.5% (initiated with Outperform at Credit Suisse)PTON +1.2% (initiated with Outperform at Robert W. Baird; tgt $28)CMG +1% (upgraded to Hold from Underperform at Gordon Haskett)SNBR +0.8% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)08:00TALKX Market Briefing: Full-on bullish response to report of possible partial trade dealThe futures are up sharply on a Bloomberg News report that suggests China is open to doing a partial trade deal, whereby it would increase its agricultural purchases if the U.S. agreed not to impose any more tariff increases. Currently, the S&P futures are trading 1.0% above fair value.The report was sourced to "an official with direct knowledge of the talks." By the way, the same report suggested China has no intention of making any concessions on key structural issues, which would include things like intellectual property protection and ending subsidies of state-owned businesses.Why would the market react so positively to a report such as this?Yesterday, there was a sense nothing would come out of this week's negotiations, so this report leaves the door cracked for at least something good to happen.Stocks sold off sharply Tuesday after the U.S. blacklisted 28 more Chinese government and commercial firms and imposed a visa ban on officials who have allegedly committed human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.With a 2.0% decline already this week, and a drop below the 50-day moving average and 2900 level, the S&P 500 was presumably primed for a rebound try. This hopeful-sounding headline has created a spark to get one going.Trading algorithms have dictated the positive response given the positive-sounding context of the report.The overnight low in the S&P futures was 2888, which probed the lows seen in August when stocks were in a retreat phase. Accordingly, some technical price action is likely factoring into things. The futures market had already rebounded approximately 18 points two hours prior to the Bloomberg News report being posted.China's willingness to do a "partial deal" is well short of President Trump's desire to get a complete deal, so market participants need to stay on guard for subsequent reports today that might imply China's approach coming into Washington isn't good enough.As it stands now, the futures tone is good enough for a solid opening even though China's negotiating posture, based on the Bloomberg News item, isn't all that solid in the grand scheme of things.07:57WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: +25.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +83.50.U.S. futures are up nicely on news that China is interested in reaching a partial trade deal with the U.S. The S&P 500 futures trade 25 points, or 0.9%, above fair value.An unnamed official with direct knowledge of the talks told Bloomberg that terms would include President Trump not imposing any additional tariffs, including the increase in tariff rates next week and in December. Beijing would offer to buy more agricultural products in exchange without addressing any structural trade issues. The Financial Times reported that soybean purchases could increase by 10 million tons annually.Walking out of the 13th round of trade talks without resolving any core issues and keeping tariff rates unchanged seems underwhelming compared to the complete deal that President Trump has been wanting. Nevertheless, there was some angst yesterday about those tariff-rate hikes taking effect this year.Today's economic calendar will feature the minutes from the FOMC's September meeting, which will be released at 2:00 p.m. ET. Wholesale Inventories for August (Briefing.com consensus 0.4%) and the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for August will precede the minutes at 10:00 a.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries have ticked lower this morning, pushing yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up one basis point to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.56%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 99.05. WTI crude is up 1.0%, or $0.53, to $53.16/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 128.99, -2.85): -2.2% after being ordered to pay $8 billion in punitive damages in a Risperdal case, according to Reuters. An appeal may reduce this amount. Levi Strauss (LEVI 19.12, +0.16): +0.8% in-line with the broader market after it beat earnings estimates and reaffirmed its FY19 guidance.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei -0.6%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng -0.8%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.4%, India's Sensex +1.7%, South Korea's Kospi CLOSED, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.7%.In economic data:Japan's preliminary August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%)Australia's October Westpac Consumer Sentiment -5.5% m/m (last -1.7%)In news:Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks.Financial Times reported early this morning that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by $10 bln, but a follow-up report indicated that the offer was for a 10 mln ton increase.Nissan named Makoto Uchida as its new CEO.Major European indices trade higher across the board. STOXX Europe 600 +0.4%, Germany's DAX +1.0%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.5%, France's CAC 40 +0.7%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.6%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.5%.Investors did not receive any notable dataIn news:The Times reported that the EU is open to a compromise with the U.K. regarding the Irish backstop. Irish Taoiseach Leo Varadkar is expected to meet with British Prime Minister Boris Johnson tomorrow or Friday.Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%.07:38JNJ Johnson & Johnson responds to RISPERDAL verdict, calls determination grossly disproportionate with initial compensatory award (131.84 )"This award is grossly disproportionate with the initial compensatory award in this case, and the Company is confident it will be overturned. This award for a single plaintiff stands in stark contrast with the initial $680,000 compensatory award and is a clear violation of due process. United States Supreme Court precedent dictates that punitive damages awards that are a double-digit multiplier of the compensatory award should be set aside. The Company was precluded from presenting a meaningful defense due to the Court's exclusion of key evidence. As a result, the jury did not hear evidence as to how the label for RISPERDAL clearly and appropriately outlined the risks associated with the medicine, or the benefits RISPERDAL provides to patients with serious mental illness. Further, the plaintiff's attorneys failed to present any evidence that the plaintiff was actually harmed by the alleged conduct. This decision is inconsistent with multiple determinations outside of Philadelphia regarding the adequacy of the RISPERDAL labeling, the medicine's efficacy, and findings in support of the Company. We will be immediately moving to set aside this excessive and unfounded verdict."Shares are currently down 2% in extended trading.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +1.0%, FTSE +0.5%, CAC +0.7%Major European indices trade higher across the board. The Times reported that the EU is open to a compromise with the U.K. regarding the Irish backstop. Ireland's Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is expected to meet with Britain's Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, tomorrow or Friday. Greece sold EUR487.50 mln worth of 13-week bills at a yield of -0.02%.Investors did not receive any notable data---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +1.0% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.5% France's CAC 40: +0.7% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.6% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%---FX---EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0981 GBP/USD: +0.1% to 1.2229 USD/CHF: +0.2% to 0.994207:26S&P futures vs fair value: +27.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +84.00.07:14WIRES On The WiresAbbVie (ABBV) announced that it will present new results evaluating the safety and efficacy of SKYRIZI (risankizumab) at 2.5 years in adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, as well as additional data on HUMIRA (adalimumab) and the investigational JAK inhibitor upadacitinib, at the 28th European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) Congress, October 9-13, in Madrid.Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IONS), announced that the company has been notified by its partner Bayer about the decision to advance IONIS-FXI-LRx following positive clinical results. IONIS-FXI-LRx is an antisense medicine being developed to treat patients with clotting disorders.Endeavour Silver Corp. (EXK) reports its production results for the Third Quarter, 2019 from the Company's four silver-gold mines in Mexico: the Guanacev mine in Durango state, the Bolaitos and El Cubo mines in Guanajuato state and the El Compas mine in Zacatecas state. Silver production in the Third Quarter, 2019 was 948,547 ounces (oz) and gold production was 9,716 oz, resulting in silver equivalent production of 1.7 million oz at an 80:1 silver-gold ratio. The lower silver and gold production in Q3, 2019 compared to Q3, 2018 were due to the planned reduction of mine output at El Cubo and lower throughput and grades at Bolanitos, partly offset by higher production at Guanacevi and new production at El Compas. Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) announced the initiation of the ATTENTION-AD, a long-term extension study for patients with Early Alzheimer's disease and treated with ANAVEX 2-73 (blarcamesine).07:01DCO Ducommun acquires Nobles Worldwide; terms not disclosed (40.25 )Founded in 1948, Nobles Worldwide is the global leader in the design and manufacture of high performance ammunition handling systems for military aircraft, helicopters, ground vehicles and shipboard systems.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei -0.6%, Hang Seng -0.8%, Shanghai +0.4%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said there are no current plans for an extra budget to counter economic risks. Financial Times reported early this morning that China offered to increase purchases of soybeans from the U.S. by $10 bln, but a follow-up report indicated that the offer was for a 10 mln ton increase. Nissan named Makoto Uchida as its new CEO.Economic data was limited: Japan's preliminary August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%) Australia's October Westpac Consumer Sentiment -5.5% m/m (last -1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.6% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: -0.8% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.4% India's Sensex: +1.7% South Korea's Kospi: CLOSED Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.7%---FX---USD/JPY: +0.3% to 107.38 USD/CNH: -0.4% to 7.1309 USD/INR: -0.3% to 71.0206:58SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up: BKD +6.5%, FEYE +5.8%, LX +2.5%, NVDA +1.6%, TOT +1.4%, SLB +1.4%, AAPL +1.2%, LEVI +1.2%, BP +1.1%, ADI +1%, M +1%, ADM +1%, XLE +1%, AMEH +0.9%, CAT +0.9%, MOS +0.9%, BA +0.8%, BOOT +0.7%, UTX +0.7%, RDS.A +0.7%, TMQ +0.6%, WMT +0.5%, TGT +0.5%Gapping down: DBVT -7.2%, IRBT -4.6%, JNJ -1.8%, X -1.6%, WLK -0.5%, NAT -0.5%06:57S&P futures vs fair value: +24.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: +80.90.06:57European MarketsFTSE...7185.55...+42.40...+0.60%. DAX...12089.63...+119.40...+1.00%.06:57Asian MarketsNikkei...21456...-131.40...-0.60%. Hang Seng...25683...-210.60...-0.80%.06:34TMST TimkenSteel Chairman & CEO Ward J. Timken, Jr. steps down effective immediately (5.86 )Effective immediately, the Board of Directors has appointed Terry L. Dunlap as the Company's interim Chief Executive Officer and President. John P. Reilly, the current Lead Director of the TimkenSteel Board of Directors, will immediately assume the role of Chairman of the Board."In an effort to revitalize both the near-term performance and long-term potential of TimkenSteel, now is the time for new leadership at the Company. While stepping down as CEO is not an easy decision, it has been a true privilege for me to lead TimkenSteel on its journey as an independent public company," said Tim Timken.06:15WIRES On The WiresViasat (VSAT) announced the establishment of two sovereign Maintenance, Test and Integration Facilities in Canberra and Newcastle, Australia. The facilities are strategically located to align with the Commonwealth's needs and provide access to enhanced service and support capabilities for the Australian Defence Force.PS Business Parks (PSB) announced that on October 8, 2019 it completed the sale of three business parks located in Montgomery County, Maryland: Metro Park North, Meadow Business Park and WesTech Business Park. The parks, consisting of 28 buildings totaling approximately 1.3 million square feet, sold for a gross sales price of $148.8 million. The Company retained one single-tenant government building totaling 113,000 square feet and a long-term ground lease at Metro Park North. Lantronix (LTRX) announced general availability of its EMG8500 Edge Management Gateway designed to address business continuity needs by providing remote access and administration for unmanned sites, branch offices, retail stores and intermediate distribution frames where out-of-band management is needed.06:15UMC United Micro reports September -8.7% yr/yr to NT 10.8 bln (2.09 )06:13DBVT DBV Technologies prices $125 mln offering of an aggregate of 9,484,066 ordinary shares and 15,829,244 ADSs at $6.59 per ADS (6.85 )06:11ASX ASE Technology reports September net revs +3.2% yr/yr to $1.32 bln (4.73 )06:11TSM Taiwan Semi reports September revs +7.6% yr/yr to NT 102.2 bln (47.86 )06:10PPDF PPDAI Group says total loan origination volume in the third quarter exceeded guidance (2.64 )The Company has continued to make solid progress in expanding funding from institutional partners. In the third quarter of 2019, the proportion of loans facilitated by institutional funding partners to total loan origination volume increased to 75.1%, from 44.8% in the second quarter of 2019, and 14.3% in the third quarter of 2018. The Company's loan origination volume facilitated by institutional funding partners increased significantly by 90.7% to RMB18.5 billion in the third quarter of 2019 from RMB9.7 billion in the second quarter of 2019.Mr. Feng Zhang, Co-Chief Executive Officer of PPDAI, commented, "Benefitting from the rapid growth in institutional funding, the Company's total loan origination volume in the third quarter of 2019 increased by 13.7% to RMB24.6 billion, above our RMB22 billion to RMB24 billion guidance for the third quarter, from RMB21.6 billion in the second quarter of 2019."06:06ALGT Allegiant Travel reports Q3 Total System traffic increased 6.1% yr/yr (147.78 )06:06VIE Viela Bio and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma announce collaboration focused on the development and commercialization of inebilizumab in nine Asia regions for neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder, as well as other potential future indications (21.05 )Under terms of the collaboration, Viela will receive an up-front licensing fee of $30 million as well as additional payments contingent on certain development and commercial milestones, plus payments based, in part, on sales revenue. MTPC will be responsible for leading development and commercialization of inebilizumab in Japan, Thailand, South Korea, Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Taiwan.06:04GOL GOL Linhas Areas Inteligentes S.A. provides investor update; sees Q3 EBITBA margin of 29-31% (15.55 )GOL expects an EBITDA margin for the quarter of 29% to 31%, an increase in relation to the quarter ended in September 2018 (18.9%). Passenger unit revenue (PRASK) for the third quarter is expected to be up approximately 20% yr/yr. For the quarter ended in September, GOL expects unit revenue (RASK) to increase approximately 19%. Non-fuel unit costs (CASK ex-fuel) are expected to increase by approximately 15% in relation to the third quarter of the prior year, primarily due to increases in payroll tax rates due to the elimination of the Payroll Tax Relief Program, increased commissions due to increased forward sales, increases in landing and navigation expenses due to a 10% increase in rates, increases in depreciation from six net additional aircraft in the fleet, and costs associated with MAX aircraft delivery delays. Fuel unit costs (CASK fuel) are expected to decrease by approximately 7% year over year, negatively impacted by a 1.3% increase in fuel consumption per flight hour from the delayed delivery of MAX aircraft in the quarter. GOL's financial leverage, as measured by the Net Debt4/LTM EBITDA ratio, was approximately 2.9x at the end of the September 2019 quarter. The Company amortized R$182 million of debt in the quarter and total liquidity at quarter-end is expected to be at R$4.0 billion, above the R$3.7 billion of the previous quarter.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets respond favorably to reports of China's willingness to partial trade dealThe global equity markets are mostly higher following reports that that China is open to a partial trade agreement where the US agrees not to levy or raise any additional tariffs in exchange for agricultural purchases. The S&P Futures took off higher and currently are trading around the 2915 area. This is off the overnight high, which was capped at 2934.25. The overnight low resides down at 2888.25.In Asia, the markets closed mixed with China rising 0.4%, while Japan lost 0.6%. The Shanghai had a fairly uneventful session but saw bids pick up in the last hour to allow the market to close near the high of the day. The Nikkei was hit after yesterday's US session saw the yen firm up against the dollar. Japanese shares struggled with this keeping a lid on export stocks.In Europe, the major bourses are mostly higher in response to the latest trade US/China speculation. The change in sentiment has helped the automotive names with Daimler and Volkswagen trading 0.5-1% higher.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: +23.010 yr Note: 1.54%USD/JPY: 107.26 +0.18EUR/USD: 1.0978 +0.0022Europe: FTSE +0.4% DAX +1.2% CAC +0.9%Asia: Hang Seng -0.8% Shanghai +0.4% Nikkei -0.6%Gold (1508.20 +4.30) Silver (17.583 +0.13) Crude (52.87 +0.24)18:04BKD Brookdale Senior Living: Land & Buildings withdraws Director nomination at Brookdale -- believes its engagement to date has brought about much-needed improvements (7.51 -0.25)"Brookdale's current Board and management have consistently demonstrated to us that they will do anything and everything to entrench themselves. This attitude is unfortunate and represents a true disservice to shareholders. However, while we view the conditional nature of the Board Chairmanship transition as the epitome of bad corporate governance, we support Guy Sansone ultimately becoming Chairman of the Board. Recent conversations with our fellow investors have reinforced our confidence in Mr. Sansone and we are hopeful that he can succeed where others have failed and actually right the ship at Brookdale. In light of this, we have decided that the best path forward at this time is to withdraw our nomination. We are extremely grateful for the support of many of our fellow Brookdale shareholders throughout this process and we will continue to closely monitor the situation at Brookdale over the course of the next year -- and take appropriate action as necessary."18:02ARGO Argo Group affirms that independent directors are conducting a review of governance and compensation matters; also announces that it previously received a subpoena for compensation-related disclosures (67.31 -1.29)Argo confirms that it is committed to governance practices that support continued value creation for all shareholders, consistent with the August 8, 2019 press release, which disclosed several proposed enhancements to the Company's governance and compensation programs, including declassification of the Company's board and reduction of board size as part of its ongoing board refreshment process.17:32BEN Franklin Resources reports preliminary September-end AUM of $692.6 bln vs $690.6 bln prior month (26.28 -0.86)The increase in assets under management was due to market gains that more than offset net outflows. Preliminary average assets under management for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, were $702.0 billion.17:31AZO AutoZone authorized the repurchase of an additional $1.25 bln of common stock (1049.50 -11.31)17:30LOOP Loop Industries files for ~2.08 mln share common stock offering by selling shareholders (12.78 +0.49)17:19JE Just Energy to sell UK ops Hudson Energy Supply to Shell (RDS.A) Energy Retail Limited for ~C$17 mln; also identified incremental ~C$20 mln in annualized cost savings in N Am ops (2.10 -0.21)Pursuant to the share purchase agreement, Just Energy will receive 2 million (approximately C$3.2 million) at closing and up to 8.5 million (~C$13.8 million) to be paid depending on whether the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (Ofgem) or the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy reinstate the capacity market payments in the UK within a specified period of time. Just Energy is committed to lowering leverage and expects to apply the proceeds from the sale against its indebtedness. Strategic review update: The strategic review process initiated in early June is ongoing and the board is comfortable with the progress to date. Just Energy has not set a speci?c timeframe for the conclusion of the strategic review. The Company plans to provide an update when the Board has approved a speci?c course of action.17:14FLR Fluor, JGC and Technip (FTI) awarded Rovuma LNG project in Mozambique; Fluor will book its portion of this work in Q4 (17.52 -0.66)The project will develop Area 4 of the ultra-deep Rovuma Basin, a giant offshore natural gas field with up to 15 trillion cubic feet of natural gas located off the coast of Mozambique. Mozambique Rovuma Venture is an incorporated joint venture owned by Eni (E), ExxonMobil (XOM) and China National Petroleum Corporation, which holds a 70 percent interest in the Area 4 exploration and production concession contract. Galp (GLPEY), KOGAS and Empresa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos E.P. each hold a 10 percent interest.17:08TARO Taro Pharm: Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) files patent infringement lawsuit against Taro and Allergan (AGN) for ANDA of generic version of RHOFADE cream (74.18 -1.34)17:05MEOH Methanex restructures commercial arrangements with Empresa Nacional del Petrleo for natural gas supply (33.34 -0.65)Methanex has restructured its existing commercial arrangements with Empresa Nacional del Petrleo for natural gas supply to underpin approx. 25% of Methanex's 1.7 mln tonnes of annual production capacity in Chile for a six-year period from 2020 through 2025. This longer-term gas supply arrangement provides greater certainty for future gas volumes for the company's Chile operations and allows for ENAP to make further investments in its gas development activities.17:02LPX Louisiana-Pacific acquires prefinishing assets at a Granite City, Illinois prefinish facility owned by BlueLinx (BXC); terms not disclosed (24.12 -0.02)This aligns with LP's business strategy to provide building solutions and is a step toward its goal of launching a national LP SmartSide Trim & Siding branded prefinished siding solution.16:38X U.S. Steel CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure (11.03 +0.11)Co announces that Kevin Bradley has informed the company of his intention to resign as CFO, effective Nov. 4. Bradley will remain with the company as Exec VP and Adviser to the CEO through year-end. Christine (Christie) Breves, currently Senior VP, Manufacturing Support and Chief Supply Chain Officer will become CFO. Co also announces that it is implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure to accelerate its strategic transformation and better serve its customers, to be effective Jan. 1, 2020. These initiatives reduce costs and more closely align US Steel's corporate structure with the co's previously announced strategic investments in leading technology and advanced manufacturing, including the recently announced purchase of a minority interest in Big River Steel.Scott Buckiso, currently Senior VP Automotive Solutions, has been named Chief Manufacturing Officer North American Flat-rolled (NAFR) segment. Scott will lead all NAFR production facility activities with a focus on safety, quality, delivery, and cost for customers and stockholders. Scott continues to be responsible for implementing U. S. Steel's advanced high strength steel coating line at the PRO-TEC joint venture and will assume responsibility for the execution of the remaining strategic projects that will create a world-class hot strip mill at the Gary Works facility. Scott will also assume leadership for the co's logistics services organization.Co also announces other management changes.New structure aligns US Steel around operational, commercial and technological excellence, allowing the co to accelerate its strategy. Enhanced operating model positions co to deliver approx $200 mln of annual fixed cost savings by 2022.16:24WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 fell 1.6% on Tuesday following a series of trade developments that exacerbated concerns about upcoming trade talks and global growth prospects. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-1.2%), Nasdaq Composite (-1.7%), and Russell 2000 (-1.7%) also posted sizable losses to close near session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department placed 28 more Chinese firms on its Entity List for their role in fostering violations of human rights against a Muslim minority in China. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied the allegations and warned about possible retaliation, with a report suggesting China could even leave this week's discussions one day early.Selling pressure appeared to level off after China's Global Times reported that China remains sincere in reaching a comprehensive deal and intends on proceeding "calmly." Stocks then cut losses after Fed Chair Powell said the Fed plans on expanding its balance sheet, but quickly faded into the close on news that the U.S. will impose visa bans on Chinese officials linked to the human rights abuses.All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower in a risk-off session. Nine sectors lost at least 1.0%, including a 2.0% drop in the financials sector. The real estate sector (-0.5%) declined the least.A disappointing outcome in trade talks was likely being priced in but also the likelihood that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15, as planned. In other words, the trade uncertainty continued to dampen the growth outlook for the economy and corporate earnings.Many of the China-sensitive semiconductor stocks, including Ambarella (AMBA 51.79, -5.43, -9.5%), underperformed as many of these companies derive a sizable portion of their revenue from China. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index dropped 3.1% on Tuesday.U.S. Treasuries ended a volatile session on a higher note amid growth concerns and an unexpected decline in producer prices for September. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield declined two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 99.13. WTI crude declined 0.3%, or $0.13, to $52.66/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Minutes from the FOMC's September meeting, the JOLTS - Job Openings report for August, the Wholesale Inventories report for August, and the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index on Wednesday.Nasdaq Composite +17.9% YTDS&P 500 +15.1% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +12.2% YTDRussell 2000 +9.2% YTD16:19DBVT DBV Technologies launches proposed global offering of ordinary shares of up to $125 mln (7.35 -0.87)16:17IP Int'l Paper raises quarterly dividend by 2.5% to $0.5125, new dividend yield is 5.3% (38.42 -0.69)16:17JRVR James River Group delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability (48.94 -1.10)All insurance policies related to this customer are included in the Company's commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, and a majority of the insurance policies were due to expire on February 29, 2020. "This account has not met our expectations for profitability, and we think it best to terminate the underwriting relationship as of year end."Additionally, the co announced two key items that will impact Q3 results: Pre-tax, adverse development of between $55 and $60 million, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily related to its commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, for the 2016 and 2017 underwriting years. The remainder of these losses, less than $10 million, relate to prior underwriting years in its Casualty Reinsurance segment. Growth of 72% in its Core (Non-Commercial Auto) Excess and Surplus Lines Gross Written Premium versus the prior year quarter.16:14CNS Cohen & Steers reports preliminary assets under management of $70.8 bln as of September 30, an increase of $1.3 bln from August 31 (53.71 +0.41)The increase in assets under management was due to market appreciation of $931 mln and net inflows of $613 mln, partially offset by distributions of $275 mln.16:08LAND Gladstone Land increases monthly distribution to $0.0446/share from $0.04455/share (11.96 +0.16)16:07LEVI Levi Strauss beats by $0.03, revs inline, reaffirms FY19 guidance (19.39 -0.37)Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.31 per share, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.28; revenues rose 4.3% year/year to $1.45 bln vs the $1.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Americas region was down 3%, Europe was up 18% on constant currency basis, Asia was up 12%, Direct-to-Consumer increased 12%, and women's category increased 12%.Gross margin was 53.0% compared with 53.2% in the same quarter of 2018, as the benefits of direct-to-consumer and international growth, as well as price increases the company initiated, were more than offset by unfavorable currency effects of 60 basis points and investment in product.Reaffirms 2019 Guidance: Co reaffirms FY19 guidance, expects constant currency net revenue growth of 5.5-6.0% and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in the range of 10 bps.Expects gross margin expansion of 40-60 bps.Capital expenditures of $190-$200 mln with nearly 100 new company operated stores.16:06GAIN Gladstone Investments will pay supplemental distribution of $0.09 per share in December 2019 (12.25 0.00)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 19:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 7:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 18867 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 08-Oct-19 19:00 ET18:04BKD Brookdale Senior Living: Land & Buildings withdraws Director nomination at Brookdale -- believes its engagement to date has brought about much-needed improvements (7.51 -0.25)"Brookdale's current Board and management have consistently demonstrated to us that they will do anything and everything to entrench themselves. This attitude is unfortunate and represents a true disservice to shareholders. However, while we view the conditional nature of the Board Chairmanship transition as the epitome of bad corporate governance, we support Guy Sansone ultimately becoming Chairman of the Board. Recent conversations with our fellow investors have reinforced our confidence in Mr. Sansone and we are hopeful that he can succeed where others have failed and actually right the ship at Brookdale. In light of this, we have decided that the best path forward at this time is to withdraw our nomination. We are extremely grateful for the support of many of our fellow Brookdale shareholders throughout this process and we will continue to closely monitor the situation at Brookdale over the course of the next year -- and take appropriate action as necessary."18:02ARGO Argo Group affirms that independent directors are conducting a review of governance and compensation matters; also announces that it previously received a subpoena for compensation-related disclosures (67.31 -1.29)Argo confirms that it is committed to governance practices that support continued value creation for all shareholders, consistent with the August 8, 2019 press release, which disclosed several proposed enhancements to the Company's governance and compensation programs, including declassification of the Company's board and reduction of board size as part of its ongoing board refreshment process.17:32BEN Franklin Resources reports preliminary September-end AUM of $692.6 bln vs $690.6 bln prior month (26.28 -0.86)The increase in assets under management was due to market gains that more than offset net outflows. Preliminary average assets under management for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, were $702.0 billion.17:31AZO AutoZone authorized the repurchase of an additional $1.25 bln of common stock (1049.50 -11.31)17:30LOOP Loop Industries files for ~2.08 mln share common stock offering by selling shareholders (12.78 +0.49)17:19JE Just Energy to sell UK ops Hudson Energy Supply to Shell (RDS.A) Energy Retail Limited for ~C$17 mln; also identified incremental ~C$20 mln in annualized cost savings in N Am ops (2.10 -0.21)Pursuant to the share purchase agreement, Just Energy will receive 2 million (approximately C$3.2 million) at closing and up to 8.5 million (~C$13.8 million) to be paid depending on whether the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (Ofgem) or the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy reinstate the capacity market payments in the UK within a specified period of time. Just Energy is committed to lowering leverage and expects to apply the proceeds from the sale against its indebtedness. Strategic review update: The strategic review process initiated in early June is ongoing and the board is comfortable with the progress to date. Just Energy has not set a speci?c timeframe for the conclusion of the strategic review. The Company plans to provide an update when the Board has approved a speci?c course of action.17:14FLR Fluor, JGC and Technip (FTI) awarded Rovuma LNG project in Mozambique; Fluor will book its portion of this work in Q4 (17.52 -0.66)The project will develop Area 4 of the ultra-deep Rovuma Basin, a giant offshore natural gas field with up to 15 trillion cubic feet of natural gas located off the coast of Mozambique. Mozambique Rovuma Venture is an incorporated joint venture owned by Eni (E), ExxonMobil (XOM) and China National Petroleum Corporation, which holds a 70 percent interest in the Area 4 exploration and production concession contract. Galp (GLPEY), KOGAS and Empresa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos E.P. each hold a 10 percent interest.17:08TARO Taro Pharm: Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) files patent infringement lawsuit against Taro and Allergan (AGN) for ANDA of generic version of RHOFADE cream (74.18 -1.34)17:05MEOH Methanex restructures commercial arrangements with Empresa Nacional del Petrleo for natural gas supply (33.34 -0.65)Methanex has restructured its existing commercial arrangements with Empresa Nacional del Petrleo for natural gas supply to underpin approx. 25% of Methanex's 1.7 mln tonnes of annual production capacity in Chile for a six-year period from 2020 through 2025. This longer-term gas supply arrangement provides greater certainty for future gas volumes for the company's Chile operations and allows for ENAP to make further investments in its gas development activities.17:02LPX Louisiana-Pacific acquires prefinishing assets at a Granite City, Illinois prefinish facility owned by BlueLinx (BXC); terms not disclosed (24.12 -0.02)This aligns with LP's business strategy to provide building solutions and is a step toward its goal of launching a national LP SmartSide Trim & Siding branded prefinished siding solution.16:38X U.S. Steel CFO to resign, Christine Breves will replace him; co also announces it's implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure (11.03 +0.11)Co announces that Kevin Bradley has informed the company of his intention to resign as CFO, effective Nov. 4. Bradley will remain with the company as Exec VP and Adviser to the CEO through year-end. Christine (Christie) Breves, currently Senior VP, Manufacturing Support and Chief Supply Chain Officer will become CFO. Co also announces that it is implementing an enhanced operating model and organizational structure to accelerate its strategic transformation and better serve its customers, to be effective Jan. 1, 2020. These initiatives reduce costs and more closely align US Steel's corporate structure with the co's previously announced strategic investments in leading technology and advanced manufacturing, including the recently announced purchase of a minority interest in Big River Steel.Scott Buckiso, currently Senior VP Automotive Solutions, has been named Chief Manufacturing Officer North American Flat-rolled (NAFR) segment. Scott will lead all NAFR production facility activities with a focus on safety, quality, delivery, and cost for customers and stockholders. Scott continues to be responsible for implementing U. S. Steel's advanced high strength steel coating line at the PRO-TEC joint venture and will assume responsibility for the execution of the remaining strategic projects that will create a world-class hot strip mill at the Gary Works facility. Scott will also assume leadership for the co's logistics services organization.Co also announces other management changes.New structure aligns US Steel around operational, commercial and technological excellence, allowing the co to accelerate its strategy. Enhanced operating model positions co to deliver approx $200 mln of annual fixed cost savings by 2022.16:24WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 fell 1.6% on Tuesday following a series of trade developments that exacerbated concerns about upcoming trade talks and global growth prospects. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-1.2%), Nasdaq Composite (-1.7%), and Russell 2000 (-1.7%) also posted sizable losses to close near session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department placed 28 more Chinese firms on its Entity List for their role in fostering violations of human rights against a Muslim minority in China. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied the allegations and warned about possible retaliation, with a report suggesting China could even leave this week's discussions one day early.Selling pressure appeared to level off after China's Global Times reported that China remains sincere in reaching a comprehensive deal and intends on proceeding "calmly." Stocks then cut losses after Fed Chair Powell said the Fed plans on expanding its balance sheet, but quickly faded into the close on news that the U.S. will impose visa bans on Chinese officials linked to the human rights abuses.All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower in a risk-off session. Nine sectors lost at least 1.0%, including a 2.0% drop in the financials sector. The real estate sector (-0.5%) declined the least.A disappointing outcome in trade talks was likely being priced in but also the likelihood that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15, as planned. In other words, the trade uncertainty continued to dampen the growth outlook for the economy and corporate earnings.Many of the China-sensitive semiconductor stocks, including Ambarella (AMBA 51.79, -5.43, -9.5%), underperformed as many of these companies derive a sizable portion of their revenue from China. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index dropped 3.1% on Tuesday.U.S. Treasuries ended a volatile session on a higher note amid growth concerns and an unexpected decline in producer prices for September. The 2-yr yield declined four basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield declined two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 99.13. WTI crude declined 0.3%, or $0.13, to $52.66/bbl.Reviewing Tuesday's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Minutes from the FOMC's September meeting, the JOLTS - Job Openings report for August, the Wholesale Inventories report for August, and the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index on Wednesday.Nasdaq Composite +17.9% YTDS&P 500 +15.1% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +12.2% YTDRussell 2000 +9.2% YTD16:19DBVT DBV Technologies launches proposed global offering of ordinary shares of up to $125 mln (7.35 -0.87)16:17IP Int'l Paper raises quarterly dividend by 2.5% to $0.5125, new dividend yield is 5.3% (38.42 -0.69)16:17JRVR James River Group delivered notice of early insurance cancellation to its largest customer Rasier - account has not met co's expectations for profitability (48.94 -1.10)All insurance policies related to this customer are included in the Company's commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, and a majority of the insurance policies were due to expire on February 29, 2020. "This account has not met our expectations for profitability, and we think it best to terminate the underwriting relationship as of year end."Additionally, the co announced two key items that will impact Q3 results: Pre-tax, adverse development of between $55 and $60 million, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily related to its commercial auto line of business within its Excess and Surplus Lines segment, for the 2016 and 2017 underwriting years. The remainder of these losses, less than $10 million, relate to prior underwriting years in its Casualty Reinsurance segment. Growth of 72% in its Core (Non-Commercial Auto) Excess and Surplus Lines Gross Written Premium versus the prior year quarter.16:14CNS Cohen & Steers reports preliminary assets under management of $70.8 bln as of September 30, an increase of $1.3 bln from August 31 (53.71 +0.41)The increase in assets under management was due to market appreciation of $931 mln and net inflows of $613 mln, partially offset by distributions of $275 mln.16:08LAND Gladstone Land increases monthly distribution to $0.0446/share from $0.04455/share (11.96 +0.16)16:07LEVI Levi Strauss beats by $0.03, revs inline, reaffirms FY19 guidance (19.39 -0.37)Reports Q3 (Aug) earnings of $0.31 per share, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.28; revenues rose 4.3% year/year to $1.45 bln vs the $1.44 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Americas region was down 3%, Europe was up 18% on constant currency basis, Asia was up 12%, Direct-to-Consumer increased 12%, and women's category increased 12%.Gross margin was 53.0% compared with 53.2% in the same quarter of 2018, as the benefits of direct-to-consumer and international growth, as well as price increases the company initiated, were more than offset by unfavorable currency effects of 60 basis points and investment in product.Reaffirms 2019 Guidance: Co reaffirms FY19 guidance, expects constant currency net revenue growth of 5.5-6.0% and adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in the range of 10 bps.Expects gross margin expansion of 40-60 bps.Capital expenditures of $190-$200 mln with nearly 100 new company operated stores.16:06GAIN Gladstone Investments will pay supplemental distribution of $0.09 per share in December 2019 (12.25 0.00)15:55TALKX Market Briefing: Tracking the headlines for a risk-off moveA really disappointing finish to the day is unfolding, largely because of how the day started, which is to say that the market is being taken down by another headline that will seemingly make it difficult for U.S. and China negotiators to reach any deal of consequence this week.The latest news item was a report that the U.S. has implemented a visa ban for Chinese officials linked to human rights abuses in Xinjiang. That news is a bookend to the peculiarly timed news last night that the Department of Commerce placed 28 Chinese government and commercial firms on its entity list for their role in fostering human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang.Neither of these developments is being held out as a negotiating tactic by the Trump Administration, yet the market is reading between the headlines and seeing a diplomatic rift that could stand in the way of constructive trade dealings this week.The end result is a risk-off move driven by disappointment that the trade uncertainty is a negative for economic growth and earnings prospects.The major indices are at, or near, their worst levels of the day just ahead of the closing bell.15:54SPY Stocks retreating toward session lows in the final minutes of trade (288.97 -4.11)S&P 500 -1.4%, Nasdaq 100 -1.4%, DJIA -1.1%15:39SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Domino's Pizza (DPZ) sees volatility following third quarter earnings -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersDPZ (253.74 +4.76%): Reported Q3 earnings. Co missed consensus for EPS on in-line revs, which rose +4.4% yr/yr to $820.81 mln on global retail sales growth of +5.8%, US same store sales growth of +2.4%, and international same store sales growth of +1.7%. Authorized a new $1.0 bln common share repurchase program. Replaced its prior 3-5 year outlook with a new 2-3 year outlook, calling for +7-10% global retail sales growth over the 2-3 year span. Co noted during its earnings call that the decrease in its outlook range is connected to limits to visibility caused by evolving market conditions, including from the conditions surrounding new entrants in the quick service delivery segment. The stock has covered a wide range today, sinking as much as 6% before rallying to its highest levels since July, supported by conference call commentary. AAL (26.54 +2.73%): Sees moderate strength, after opening lower, alongside a selection of airline peers, led by Hawaiian Holdings (HA) following its upside September traffic stats and revisions to certain Q3 metrics. MSI (171.63 +2.29%): Makes gains on above average volume, outperforming the broader tech sector; Reuters, citing analyst commentary, noted that co's Avigilon unit is viewed as a potential beneficiary of yesterday's blacklisting of Hikvision and other sector players.Large Cap LosersSE (28.12 -7.94%): Sells down to four-month lows on more than 2x average volume and heavier than usual options volume. In recent events, co is responsible, notes Bloomberg, for overseeing the distribution of Activision Blizzard (ATVI) and Tencent's (TCEHY) Call of Duty: Mobile in the Southeast Asia region; the game went live at the start of the month and reportedly has now reached 100 mln downloads.WAT (210.31 -5.89%): Medical devices stocks underperform amid the lagging healthcare sector, led lower by research and diagnostics company Qiagen (QGEN) following its warning of downside Q3 sales resulting from weakness in China. The stock moved to its lowest levels in more than a month on above average volume. (Related: BSX, TMO...)TEAM (125.71 -5.42%): Underperforms on above average volume, returning portions of an +8% rally accumulated during the prior three sessions.15:25COMDX Energy settlement pricesNov Crude Oil futures fell $0.12 (-0.2%) to $52.63/barrel Nov Natural Gas settled $0.015 lower (-0.7%) at $2.288/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.0115 higher (0.7%) at $1.5809/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.0068 higher (0.4%) at $1.9101/gallon15:18COMDX Metals settlement pricesDec gold settled today's session down $1.00 (0.1%) at $1503.90/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.16 higher (0.9%) at $17.70/oz Dec copper settled $0.01 lower (0.0%) at $2.5685/lb15:12BONDX Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Endure Volatile Session as China Remains in FocusU.S. Treasuries ended Tuesday on a higher note after a volatile finish to the session. Treasuries started the cash session on a firmly higher note after yesterday's announcement from the White House about the blacklisting of 28 Chinese companies was viewed as a negative sign ahead of trade talks scheduled for the end of this week in Washington. On a related note, South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese delegation might return home a day earlier than originally planned. The renewed sense of caution provided an opening boost, but the market only saw limited follow-through buying. Treasuries edged to highs in mid-morning trade, but backed off those levels going into the afternoon, aided in part by a rebound in equities. The pullback deepened shortly after the completion of today's $38 bln 3-yr Treasury note auction, which was met with tepid demand. The offering drew a high yield of 1.413%, which tailed the when-issued yield by 0.4 bps while the bid-to-cover ratio (2.43x) and indirect takedown (45.8%) were below average. The market endured a volatile finish to the day. A dip to fresh lows took place after Fed Chairman, Jay Powell, indicated once again that the Federal Reserve plans to increase the size of its balance sheet, but Treasuries lurched off their lows in response to a Bloomberg report that the U.S. imposed visa bans on Chinese officials linked to detention centers in Xinjiang. The U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 99.18. Yield Check: 2-yr: -4 bps to 1.42% 3-yr: -5 bps to 1.37% 5-yr: -3 bps to 1.36% 10-yr: -2 bps to 1.54% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.04%News: The New York Fed accepted total bids of $37.50 bln in today's repurchase operation, below the $75 bln maximum. The New York Fed also conducted a 14-day term repurchase operation, accepting total bids of $38.85 bln, below the $45 bln limit. Newly minted IMF Managing Director, Kristalina Georgieva, said that a "synchronized policy response" may be needed if global economic growth continued decelerating. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said he expects 2.0% GDP growth in 2020. The FOMC voter added that downside risks to the economy are stronger than upside risks, observing that business investment has been on the weak side. Bloomberg reported that the White House is focusing on limiting exposure to Chinese stocks in government pension funds. A similar report made the rounds on September 27. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020. The Italian parliament voted in favor of reducing the number of senators to 200 from 315 while the number of MPs will be lowered to 400 from 630. Greece reopened EUR1.50 bln worth of 10-yr debt to very strong demand. China's September Caixin Services PMI decreased to 51.3 (expected 52.1) from 52.1. Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%) and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8. Germany's August Industrial Production increased 0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%). Italy's August Retail Sales decreased 0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%) but rose 0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%). Spain's August Industrial Production increased 1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%). Swiss September Unemployment Rate held at 2.3% (expected 2.1%). Today's Data: The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month. The index for final demand declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%). The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index decreased to 101.8 in September from 103.1 in August. $38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction results (prior 12-auction average): High yield: 1.413% (2.303%). Bid-to-cover: 2.43 (2.50). Indirect bid: 45.8% (46.9%). Direct bid: 16.9% (14.7%). Commodities: WTI crude: -0.3% to $52.66/bbl Gold: UNCH at $1503.90/ozt Copper: -0.3% to $2.57/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: -0.1% to 1.0955 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2215 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1565 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 107.12 The Day Ahead: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (prior 8.1%) 10:00 ET: August Wholesale Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.4%; prior 0.2%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +3.1 mln) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $24 bln 10-yr Treasury note reopening results Fed Speakers: 17:00 ET (tonight): Minneapolis Fed President (non-voter) Neel Kashkari 11:00 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell 11:00 ET: Kansas City Fed President (FOMC voter) Esther George15:09SUMRX Earnings out this afternoon: LEVIThis afternoon: LEVI None scheduled for tomorrow morning14:50TALKX Market Briefing: Powell speech taken in rebound strideFed Chair Powell is giving a speech at the NABE Annual Meeting in Denver today. The main topic of the speech is integrating the 'Old' and 'New' economies, yet he wrapped things up with some thoughts on the Fed's policy course.Key takeaways in that regard include:An acknowledgment that the time is upon us to increase the Fed's securities holdings to maintain an appropriate level of reserves in order to keep volatility in the wholesale funding markets in check. Mr. Powell was quick to note that the impending growth of its balance sheet "...should in no way be confused with the large-scale asset purchases programs that we deployed after the financial crisis."Translation: Don't think of this as a "QE" operation. It is geared only to ensure that there is an appropriate level of reserves to meet cash needs. The purchases will be concentrated in T-bills and should not materially affect the stance of monetary policy.He again highlighted risks to the favorable outlook, calling attention to weaker growth around the world, uncertainties surrounding trade, Brexit, and other issues.Mr. Powell stressed that the Fed will be data dependent in its decision-making process and that policy is not on a preset course. He added, though, that the Fed will act as appropriate to sustain the expansion and meet its dual mandate.By and large, there were no real policy surprises in the speech. The stock market, however, might have liked the idea that he didn't take the opportunity to give a telltale hint that a rate cut in October is unlikely to happen. He left the door open there in reiterating the Fed's data-dependent nature.The stock market, which was in a rebound mode ahead of the speech, has continued that rebound effort. The S&P 500, down 1.4% at its low this morning, is now down 0.5% for the day.14:33AJRD Aerojet Rocketdyne teams with NASA to develop novel rocket engine technology (48.50 +0.36)Aerojet Rocketdyne has entered into a Space Act Agreement with NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center to design and manufacture a lightweight rocket engine thrust chamber assembly using innovative additive manufacturing processes and materials. The goal of the project is to reduce manufacturing costs and make a thrust chamber that is easily scalable to support a variety of missions, including America's return to the Moon and subsequent missions to explore Mars.Aerojet Rocketdyne will use a unique combination of 3D printing technologies -- including solid state deposition and laser deposition -- to enable rapid fabrication of complex components. The vertical integration of these robotic additive manufacturing techniques is expected to yield a scalable design that could be applied to propulsion systems ranging from small systems that would support a lunar lander, all the way up to large boosters that enable launch vehicles to escape Earth's gravity.14:29SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Qiagen (QGEN) underperforms following preliminary third quarter press, CEO departure -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersNG (6.76 +4.88%): Gold names and select metals peers show relative strength amid general market weakness. (Related: BTG, AUY...)FSLY (26.14 +4.1%): Continued volatility; the stock has added circa +12% so far this week.BRFS (9.18 +3.45%): Brazilian stocks see continued volatility; the stock recovers portions of yesterday's 4% slide as the iShares Brazil ETF (EWZ) demonstrates moderate relative outperformance.Mid Cap LosersQGEN (25.4 -20.79%): Recent updates for co include its report of preliminary Q3 results -- co currently expects total net sales growth of approx. +3% ex-FX vs outlook for +4-5% growth, mainly due to "significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China"; sees adj. EPS within its outlook for approx. $0.35-0.36 -- as well as its news of the departure of its CEO, Peer M. Schatz, who steps down after 27 years with co in order to pursue new opportunities, and its announcement of a 15-year partnership with Illumina (ILMN) that is intended to broaden the availability and use of NGS-based in-vitro diagnostic kids, including companion diagnostics, for patient management. Downgraded at JP Morgan, Barclays, and Deutsche Bank. At two-year lows. NKTR (16.56 -11.3%): Downgraded to Sell from Buy and price target lowered to $16 from $54 at Goldman. Reaches two-year lows. Healthcare sector lags. (Related: CRSP, ADPT...) SDC (12.08 -10.45%): Continued volatility following yesterday's slate of analyst initiations and amid general pressure for recent IPOs. Co commented after yesterday's close in response to the day's analyst initiations that it saw the market reports as reinforcing the value of its business model, unit economics, and mission. At new lows.13:46ABTX Allegiance Bancshares jumps 8% after being selected to replace Monotype Imaging (TYPE) in the S&P SmallCap 600 (34.05 +2.41)13:16SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: ACB (10.9 mln +1.18%)Materials: FCX (17.2 mln -2.57%)Industrials: GE (24.52 mln -2.57%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (24.29 mln +9.35%), F (15.73 mln -1.44%)Information Technology: AMD (27.73 mln -1.52%), AAPL (14.67 mln -0.1%), MSFT (12.47 mln +0.2%), MU (11.84 mln -2.59%)Financials: BAC (32.1 mln -1.84%), QQQ (16.28 mln -0.67%), TQQQ (16.21 mln -2.02%), SQQQ (12.2 mln +1.94%)Energy: CHK (39.66 mln -2.63%), ECA (12.09 mln -4.66%), RIG (10.89 mln -0.72%)Consumer Staples: ABEV (10.93 mln +0%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: QGEN (9.27x -20.32%), ADAP (3.89x -8.64%), CYRX (3.19x +1.69%), PBYI (2.43x -20.66%), PKI (2.12x -5.15%)Materials: AXTA (2.35x -5.38%)Industrials: AZZ (3.27x -14.21%), HA (2.95x +7.1%)Consumer Discretionary: DPZ (5.64x +3.69%), HELE (2.62x -0.69%)Information Technology: AMBA (3.49x -8.13%)Financials: GER (3.82x -1.72%), KYN (2.11x -1.83%)Energy: EURN (2.12x +0.1%)Utilities: NEP (2.6x +0.61%)13:13SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: OMI (6.48 +4.94%), AVNS (37.36 +3.15%)Materials: MUX (1.7 +6.92%), NG (6.71 +4.01%), HL (2 +3.63%), NGD (1.04 +3.5%), CDE (5.25 +3.35%), HMY (3.15 +3.28%), SA (12.95 +2.9%)Industrials: HA (27 +7.1%), VICR (31.54 +3.78%), AAL (26.58 +2.9%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (1.7 +9.35%), OSTK (11.7 +4.28%), DPZ (251.15 +3.69%)Energy: CRZO (7.78 +3.32%), NBR (1.62 +3.18%), ESV (4.42 +2.79%), BRY (9.52 +2.59%)Consumer Staples: BRFS (9.18 +3.44%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: PBYI (7.99 -20.66%), QGEN (25.55 -20.32%), NKTR (16.58 -11.19%), DBVT (7.37 -10.4%), ADAP (1.01 -8.64%), CLVS (3.29 -8.61%), NTLA (10.99 -8.11%), CRSP (38.01 -7.47%), SLDB (9.42 -7.37%)Industrials: AZZ (36.9 -14.21%)Consumer Discretionary: SIG (16.19 -9.25%), CWH (7.94 -7.57%), BOOT (31.9 -7.43%)Information Technology: AMBA (52.57 -8.13%), XELA (1.17 -7.87%)Financials: EZPW (5.5 -11.15%)Energy: TUSK (2.09 -7.11%)Utilities: JE (2.14 -7.36%)13:12OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:RRC Jan20 4 calls are seeing interest with the underlying stock down 6% (volume: 16.2K, open int: 50, implied vol: ~102%, prev day implied vol: 91%). Over 14K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings late October. Co is scheduled to present two conferences in November and December.CCJ Nov 9.5 calls (volume: 3220, open int: 0, implied vol: ~46%, prev day implied vol: 41%). Co is confirmed to report earnings November 1 before the open.WDC Oct 60 calls (volume: 2560, open int: 1010, implied vol: ~44%, prev day implied vol: 3%). Co is expected to report earnings late October.MPC Nov 65 calls (volume: 7910, open int: 70, implied vol: ~39%, prev day implied vol: 37%). Over 4300 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co is confirmed to report earnings October 31 before the open.Bearish Put Activity:HSBC Nov 37 puts (volume: 2500, open int: 0, implied vol: ~23%, prev day implied vol: 21%). 2K traded in a single transaction. Co is expected to report earnings early November.ALDR Jan20 17.5 puts (volume: 8840, open int: 0, implied vol: ~17%, prev day implied vol: 15%). 4300 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co is scheduled to present at a Credit Suisse conference on November 11.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 0.99, VIX: (19.13, +1.27, +7.1%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:03BONDX Auction OutTreasury Auction Results$38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction: Auction results: High yield: 1.413% (When-Issued: 1.409%) Bid-to-cover: 2.43 Indirect bid: 45.8% Direct bid: 16.9% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.303% Bid-to-cover: 2.50 Indirect bid: 46.9% Direct bid: 14.7%13:00LEVI Levi Strauss earnings preview - DTC channel and international growth have mitigated department store softness (19.30 -0.46)After the close tonight, Levi Strauss (LEVI) is set to issue 3Q19 results. Since its March 21 IPO, LEVI has reported earnings twice. Last quarter, the company generated Non-GAAP EPS of $0.17 vs. the $0.12 consensus, posted inline revenue of $1.3 bln (+5.4% yr/yr), and also slightly raised its FY19 guidance.Specifically, it guided for Adj EBITDA margin improvement up to +10 bps from "flat to slightly higher", and constant currency net revenue growth to the "high end of mid-single digit range" from "mid single digits."Heading into tonight's report, the stock has been on a nice roll, climbing by 22% from the post-IPO lows hit in mid-August. The upswing suggests that investors are anticipating another good earnings report from LEVI.For the quarter, analysts are expecting LEVI to report Non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 on revenue of $1.44 bln. It's worth noting that last quarter LEVI did not provide an Adjusted EPS number in its earnings press release. Adjusted net income and shares outstanding were provided, allowing for a Non-GAAP EPS number to be calculated.However, following the earnings release, the financial media honed in on the readily available GAAP EPS number, which came up short of expectations at $0.07 vs. the $0.08 consensus.The differing numbers created some initial confusion and volatility in the stock and is something to keep in mind should the same circumstance arise tonight.Competition and evolving consumer shopping habits have created a very challenging environment for retailers -- especially for those that are heavily reliant on brick-and-mortar stores. It is estimated that about 15-20% of LEVI's business is generated from U.S. department stores. Last quarter, LEVI's wholesale business grew by a scant 3% compared to 5% in Q1.Its exposure to department stores is fairly significant, but so far LEVI has done a good job of mitigating the soft performance in department stores by bolstering its direct-to-consumer (DTC) channel, expanding internationally, and broadening its product lines to include more tops and women's categories.For instance, last quarter the DTC channel grew 14% and now represents at least 10% of the total business compared to just 4% early this year. Furthermore, LEVI's women's business was up 18% in Q2, marking the 15th straight quarter of growth for that category.The main question going forward is whether LEVI can continue to drive healthy revenue growth and margin expansion while the Americas region (+3% growth in Q2) continues to struggle due to weakness at U.S. department stores.While the company hasn't provided quarterly guidance in its earnings press releases, it might provide an updated outlook for FY19 Adj. EBITDA margin and constant currency net revenue growth.12:59VHC VirnetX Holding says prevails in appeals court as mandate issued in Apple (AAPL) suit (6.05 +0.09)The co announced that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the "Federal Circuit") has issued a formal mandate in the Federal Circuit case 2018-1197 (the "1197 Case") titled "Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in No. 6:10-cv-00417-RWS, Judge Robert Schroeder, III" (the "Apple I" case), in accordance with the judgment of the Federal Circuit, entered on January 15, 2019, affirming the judgement issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in this case.12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks down broadly as trade concerns growThe major averages on Wall Street are down noticeably today after the U.S. placed 28 more Chinese organizations on its trade blacklist. The S&P 500 (-0.9%) and Nasdaq Composite (-0.9%) are down nearly 1.0%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.6%) fares slightly better. Each are currently off session lows.The U.S. Commerce Department cited human rights violations against a Muslim minority in China for its decision. Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman denied any violations and hinted at possible retaliation. According to the Global Times, the spokesman added that "Beijing has become accustomed to such tricks [ahead of trade talks] and will deal with them calmly."Concerns have been rooted in a view that major progress in this week's trade talks is now less likely, suggesting that the tariff rate on $250 billion of Chinese imports will still increase to 30% from 25% on Oct. 15. In turn, the stock market appears to be pricing in some disappointment, with all 11 S&P 500 sectors down between 0.3% (real estate) and 1.3% (health care).Unsurprisingly, the China-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-1.9%) is down big, as many of its components derive a significant portion of their revenue from China. Shares of Ambarella (AMBA 52.28, -4.97, -8.7%) are down nearly 9% as one of its customers, Hikvision, was among the Chinese companies that now needs a license to conduct business in the U.S.Elsewhere, continued Brexit uncertainty and warnings from the IMF and World Bank about global economic conditions have also tempered risk sentiment. As a reminder, Fed Chair Powell will speak at an annual luncheon at 1:50 p.m. ET.An overnight advance in Treasuries has pulled back, even after producer prices unexpectedly declined in September. The 2-yr yield is unchanged at 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.53%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 99.14.Separately, Domino's Pizza (DPZ 254.61, +12.30, +5.1%) has brushed off early weakness and is now firmly in positive territory. The company missed earnings estimates and tempered its long-term outlook, but it also announced a $1 billion share repurchase program.Reviewing today's economic data, which included the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September:The Producer Price Index for final demand declined 0.3% m/m in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%), as did the index for final demand less food and energy (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%).The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand. The Producer Price Index for September wasn't good news, unless it's spun as a "bad news is good news" kind of thing because it seemingly strengthened the case for a Fed rate cut later this month.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.12:50QGEN Qiagen leading med-tech/device stocks lower after warning about sales, citing significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China (25.43 -6.62)Qiagen also partner with Illumina (ILMN) for sequencing-based In-Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) tests and announced the departure of its CEO.Genomics/med-tech: PSNL -6.79% ADPT -6.74% NVTA -4.04% ILMN -3.58% Medical devices: WAT -6.13% BSX -5.89% TMO -5.83% PKI -5.18% A -2.86% MTD -2.76%12:30SDC SmileDirectClub slides 11% to fresh lows as recent IPOs remain under pressure (12.02 -1.47)Recent IPOs seeing similar relative weakness: JMIA -8.07%, ADPT -7.32%, PSNL -6.71%, SNDL -6.19%, STOK -6.06%, TCRR -5.93%, RVLV -5.35%, PRVL -5.00%, PTON -4.81% PLAN -4.80%, KRTX -4.79%, HARP -4.76%, LVGO -4.73%, HCAT -4.64%, CRWD -4.45%, THOR -4.38%, LK -4.28%, BBIO -3.97%, TWST -3.82%, etc...Of note for SDC, shares closed down 8% yesterday despite a wave of bullish analyst initiations upon expiration of the quiet period. Perhaps driven by the ongoing selling pressure on shares and resulting underperformance following September's IPO, SDC yesterday responded to the initiations, declaring that they reinforce the value of their business model, unit economics and mission:"Today's market reports reinforce the value of our business model, unit economics and mission to transform smiles through safe, affordable and consumer-first technology to an addressable market of approximately 500 million people worldwide. We remain focused on long term shareholder value - the next 12, 24, 36 months and beyond. Our entrance into the public market allows us to reinvest in innovation, process improvements, international growth and customer experience. Our commitment to our 5,500 team members, our customers and our mission is stronger than ever."12:20SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- NIO (NIO) improves following third quarter delivery results -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersNIO (1.69 +9.03%): Provided a Q3 delivery update; co delivered 4,799 vehicles in the quarter, increasing +35.1% sequentially and exceeding the midpoint of co's guidance range by 499 vehicles, or +11.6%. Deliveries of the ES6 models "continued to ramp up"; 4,196 vehicles of the model were reported for the quarter. September deliveries were positively impacted ahead of China's national day holiday. Co also noted that it has seen accelerated growth of its order backlog since September. It is updating its retail pricing and battery pack offerings and will continue to "further enhance [its] offerings in an effort to accelerate orders and deliveries, going forward." NAT (3.27 +6.17%): Upgraded to Buy from Neutral and assigned a $4 price target at BTIG Research. The stock, which has advanced alongside shipping/tanker peers during sector outperformance in recent sessions, sees continued strength on more than 3x average volume, today generally outperforming peer names. At ten-month highs. HA (26.56 +5.36%): Reported upside September traffic stats -- total traffic increased +3.0% yr/yr on a +0.7% increase in capacity, with load factor increasing 1.9 points to 85.5% -- and raised its estimates for operating revenue per available seat mile (ASM), due to better than expected yields in long-haul markets, particularly in its International entity. Co also narrowed its estimates for operating cost per ASM ex. fuel and non-recurring items and for estimates for gallons of jet fuel consumer, and it lowered its estimates for economic fuel cost per gallon.Small Cap LosersPBYI (8.05 -20.06%): Downgraded to Sell from Neutral and price target cut to $8 from $24 at Goldman; hearing that the firm cites headline risk presented by upcoming competitive data from Seattle Genetics' (SGEN) tucatinib in the HER2-positive breast cancer space for the downgrade. Co also disclosed that its Chief Commercial Officer, Steven Lo, has decided to resign, effective October 18, in order to accept a CEO position at Zosano Pharma (ZSAN). At all-time lows. AZZ (36.74 -14.58%): Co's Q2 earnings report had been scheduled to be released this morning, but co instead announced today that it is rescheduling -- and thus, delaying -- its Q2 earnings release in order to grant co "additional time to complete the review of its Form 10-Q" for the quarter; co will announce the specific date and time of the rescheduled earnings call upon completion of the review. At multi-year lows. AMBA (51.57 -9.87%): The Department of Commerce added a number of Chinese organizations to its Entity List, including video surveillance companies Hikvision and Dahua Technology, which are major customers for co's components -- according to Needham, which downgraded co in June citing Entity List risk and which now reiterates its Underperform rating, the two customers accounted for 20-25% of co's total revenue over the past few quarters. The stock moves to its lowest levels since co issued upside Q3 revenue guidance in its Q2 earnings report.12:09PBYI Puma Biotech. plummets 21% to all-time lows after Goldman downgrades to Sell (cutting price target to $8 (from $24)) and Chief Commercial Officer Steven Lo resigns to pursue another opportunity (7.95 -2.12)11:48BA Boeing reported Q3 commercial airplane deliveries down 67% to 63; 737s down 91% to 5 (370.07 -6.47)Boeing reports this data monthly as well.11:41ASPS Altisource Portfolio Solutions to wind down and close Owners.com's operations (19.67 -0.40)The Company believes that closing Owners.com supports its simplification strategy, eliminates the cash burn associated with this earlier stage business, and increases focus on the core real estate and mortgage businesses. The Company believes that closing Owners.com supports its simplification strategy, eliminates the cash burn associated with this earlier stage business, and increases focus on the core real estate and mortgage businesses.11:30BONDX New SupplyTreasury Auction Preview$38 bln 3-year Treasury note auction (results at 13:00 ET) Prior auction results: High yield: 1.573% Bid-to-cover: 2.42 Indirect bid: 46.2% Direct bid: 16.6% Average results of previous 12 auctions: High yield: 2.303% Bid-to-cover: 2.50 Indirect bid: 46.9% Direct bid: 14.7%10:36SMH Chipmakers pressured by blacklist news (116.72 -2.94)The PHLX Semiconductor Index (-2.8%) is a notable laggard today as chipmakers fall victim to selling interest after the U.S. added eight Chinese tech companies to a blacklist, which prevents these entities from doing business with U.S. companies without a special license. Video surveillance/facial recognition companies Hikvision and Dahua are among the newly blacklisted entities, alongside companies that work on artificial intelligence technologies.The news has caused broad-based weakness among chipmakers. There are currently 12 members of the SOX index showing losses of 3.0% or more. Interestingly, companies that are known for doing business with Hikvision and Dahua are not leading today's retreat. For instance, Intel (INTC 49.89, -0.73, -1.5%) is the second-best performer in the group while names like AMD (AMD 28.14, -0.79, -2.7%), NVIDIA (NVDA 177.96, -6.37, -3.4%), and Qualcomm (QCOM 73.53, -2.81, -3.6%) show losses between 2.7% and 3.6%.Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 47.90, -0.05, -0.1%) trades just below its flat line after notching a fresh record at the start of today's session. At this time, it may seem that the Taiwan-based company is shielded from being dragged into the conflict with China, but the contract chip manufacturer could see a decrease in orders if U.S. chipmakers are prevented from selling components to Chinese companies. Furthermore, there is also a risk that China could try to strengthen its grip over Taiwan and block TSM from fabricating chips for U.S. companies.10:18TALKX Market Briefing: Trade and growth concerns at heart of early selling interestIt's not a pretty picture in the stock market this morning. Every sector is lower, the CBOE Volatility Index is up 10% to 19.57, and the S&P 500 has dropped further below its 50-day moving average (2938.44).The negative price action is primarily a function of trade concerns, which ratcheted up following some awkward timing by the Department of Commerce in naming 19 Chinese governmental, and eight commercial, firms to its Entity List on the basis of their part in fostering human rights violations against Muslim ethnic minorities in China.That news hit last night and immediately created a diplomatic rift in front of this week's trade negotiations in Washington between senior U.S. and China trade officials. China for its part warned it will retaliate.Accordingly, a sense of nervousness ahead of those talks has fueled broad-based selling interest. The selling activity is predicated not just on a belief that the trade talks this week will be disappointing, but that the latest developments will keep a planned tariff rate increase from 25% to 30% on $250 billion worth of imported Chinese goods on track to be implemented October 15.The more general view of matters, and seemingly negative turn of events, is that the trade uncertainty is a negative for growth and earnings prospects alike.The biggest losers thus far are the financial (-1.8%), health care (-1.6%), information technology (-1.5%), and industrials (-1.4%) sectors.The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.1%; the S&P 500 is down 1.3%; the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.3%; and the Russell 2000 is down 1.6%.10:10OPTNX Early Options ActivityTaking an early look at the options market, we found the following names that may be worth watching throughout the day for further indication of investor expectations given their options volume and implied volatility movement.Stocks seeing volatility buying (bullish call buying/bearish put buying):Calls:WDC Oct 60 calls are seeing interest with 2560 contracts trading vs. open int of 1010, pushing implied vol up around 3 points to ~44%. Co is expected to report earnings late October.Puts:HSBC Nov 37 puts are seeing interest with 2500 contracts trading vs. open int of 0, pushing implied vol up around 2 points to ~23%. Co is expected to report earnings early November.Stocks seeing volatility selling:HELE, DPZ implied vol is lower following earnings/guidanceSentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.05, VIX: (19.59, +1.73, +9.7%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.09:44WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stock market drops at the open on trade concernsThe major averages have dropped at the open after the U.S. added 28 more Chinese firms to a trade blacklist ahead of trade talks. The S&P 500 is down 1.0%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.0%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 1.0%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory. Financials (-1.4%) and industrials (-1.3%) lead the retreat with losses over 1.0%, while real estate (-0.3%) and consumer staples (-0.3%) hold modest losses.U.S. Treasuries are up, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.96. WTI crude is down 1.1% to $52.15/bbl.09:43SCANX Earnings/guidance moversHA +6.93% HELE +4.59% QGEN -18.75% DZSI -18.09% DPZ -5.04% BRY -0.32%09:35MLHR Herman Miller says in the process of working to execute an agreement to acquire an additional 34% equity interest in HAY A/S for approximately $78 mln (44.40 -0.24)09:33SUMRX Economic Summary: September PPI shows unexpected declineEconomic Data Summary:September NFIB Small Business Optimism Index 101.8 vs Briefing.com consensus of ; August was 103.1 September PPI -0.3% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.1%; August was 0.1% September Core PPI -0.3% vs Briefing.com consensus of 0.2%; August was 0.3%The key takeaway from the report is that the price declines were broad based, and not just energy-related, which is indicative of an environment characterized by weaker demand.Upcoming Economic Data:Weekly MBA Mortgage Applications due out Wednesday at 7:00 (Last Week was 8.1%) August Wholesale Inventories due out Wednesday at 10:00 (Briefing.com consensus of 0.4%; July was 0.2%) August JOLTS - Jobs Openings due out Wednesday at 10:00 (July was 7.22 mln)Upcoming Fed/Treasury Events:Fed Chair Jerome Powell to speak today at 14:30 ET and tomorrow at 11:00 ETThe Treasury is scheduled to auction off new debt this week. Results for each auction will be announced at 13:00 ETTuesday: $38 bln in 3 Year Treasury notesWednesday: $24 bln in 10 Year Treasury notesThursday: $16 bln in 30 Year Treasury bondsOther International Events of Interest:Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus totaled JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8.09:27WIRES On The WiresUnisys (UIS) today announced that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has selected the company to compete for task and delivery orders under the Intelligent Automation/Artificial Intelligence contract. This five-year Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract has a potential value of $49 mln.Autolus Therapeutics (AUTL) announced changes to the company's executive leadership team. Dr. Jim Faulkner, SVP, Head of Product Delivery, and Neil Bell, SVP, Head of Clinical Operations, will be departing Autolus. In conjunction with these changes, David Brochu has been named SVP, Head of Product Delivery, and Vishal Mehta has been named VP, Head of Clinical Operations.Net 1 UEPS Technologies (UEPS) has exercised its option to acquire an additional 35% interest in Bank Frick & Co. AG, a fully licensed bank based in Liechtenstein, for approx. USD 46.4 mln. The transaction is subject to approval from the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority and is expected to close in March 2020. Following the successful completion of the additional investment, the company will own 70% of Bank Frick, with the Kuno Frick Family Foundation owning the remaining 30% interest.Global Payments (GPN) announced today the technology behind its Netspend general purpose reloadable Mastercard has been integrated into Samsung's digital wallet, Samsung Pay, and will drive its Samsung Pay Cash service.Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) has secured two working capital facilities to provide additional liquidity and flexibility as it continues to execute its growth objectives. The company has closed on a three-year $10 mln senior secured line of credit with Citizens Bank N.A.; proceeds from this line of credit will be used for general corporate purposes. The company has also entered a Supply Chain Financing program with Citibank N.A. that enables the company to accelerate cash collections by selling receivables to Citibank on a non-recourse basis. Receivables from key customers will be included in the Citibank program, which is expected to provide, on average, between $15-20 mln of additional liquidity for the company.Ameresco (AMRC) will develop a 27-megawatt solar farm in the Village of DePue, Illinois. Upon completion, the DePue solar farm will be the largest in Bureau County and will directly advance the state's goal of reaching 25% renewable energy by 2025.09:19PBYI Puma Biotech. Chief Commercial Officer Steven Lo to resign effective October 18 (10.07 )Mr. Lo has informed the company that he has accepted a position as the CEO of a company that is preparing for commercialization and focusing on the development of therapies for the central nervous system. Mr. Lo's responsibilities will be assumed by the Puma Biotechnology's existing commercial team while the company initiates a search for a replacement.09:15WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -18.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.The stock market is on track for a noticeably lower open, as new trade developments cast some doubt on this week's trade talks. The S&P 500 futures trade 18 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.Differences between views on human rights appears to be the latest dispute between the countries. The U.S. added 28 Chinese firms to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. On a related note, China suspended broadcast of games for the Houston Rockets after its general manager tweeted support for Hong Kong over the weekend.China has signaled it might retaliate against the trade blacklist, and it could reportedly leave trade talks one day early. Evidently, investors are feeling less optimistic about senior-level talks slated to begin on Thursday.The yield on the 10-yr note is down three basis points to 1.52%, little changed after the Producer Price Index for September unexpected declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%).09:03RGLD Royal Gold says RGLD Gold AG subsidiary sold approximately 60k gold equivalent ounces during its fiscal 2020 first quarter (127.41 )The co announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, RGLD Gold AG, sold approx. 60,000 gold equivalent ounces comprised of approx. 50,000 gold ounces, 510,000 silver ounces and 1,100 tonnes of copper related to its streaming agreements during its fiscal 2020 first quarter ended September 30, 2019. As noted previously, first quarter stream sales were lower than the prior quarter due to production restrictions experienced at Mount Milligan during the quarter ended March 31, 2019. The company had approx. 25,000 gold equivalent ounces in inventory at the end of the first quarter, consisting of 18,000 gold ounces, 514,000 silver ounces, and 400 tonnes of copper.RGLD Gold AG's average realized gold, silver and copper prices for the first quarter were $1,458 per ounce, $16.54 per ounce, and $5,798 per tonne ($2.63 per pound), respectively, compared to $1,293, $14.88, and $6,287 ($2.85 per pound), respectively, in the prior quarter ended June 30, 2019.09:02ASH Ashland appoints Guillermo Novo as Chairman and CEO, effective December 31 (75.55 )From 2016 to 2019, Mr. Novo served as President and CEO of Versum Materials. William A. Wulfsohn will continue to serve as Chairman and CEO through the end of this year to ensure a smooth transition. Following Mr. Wulfsohn's departure from Ashland, the Board will be composed of 10 members, nine of whom are independent.08:57PRICE Filings, Offerings and PricingsFilings:Star Bulk Carriers (SBLK) files for ~1.54 mln share offering by selling shareholder Delphin HoldingsOfferings:Algonquin Power & Utilities (AQN) commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares08:55APHA Aphria comments on Aleafia Health's termination of the company's wholesale cannabis supply agreement with Emblem Corp (5.39 )"We are disappointed that Aleafia has chosen to terminate its Agreement with Aphria Inc. The Company had every intention of fulfilling its obligations under the Agreement. As a large shareholder of Aleafia, Aphria made good faith efforts to ensure continuation of the Agreement understanding it was in the best interest of all parties involved. However, the termination of this legacy Agreement frees up significant supply allowing the Company to service its brands that are in high-demand across the country."The parties are contractually obligated to negotiate for a period of 30 days following the receipt of a formal notice of termination. If the parties fail to arrive at any agreement or settlement within the 30 days, and if Aleafia initiates a formal claim for damages, the company intends to vigorously defend itself. The cannabis supply agreement is not a material part of the company's business and operations.08:51WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -18.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.The S&P 500 futures trade 18 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1). Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.In economic data: China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1) Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8) South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln) Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.0% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.3% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: CLOSED South Korea's Kospi: +1.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.4%Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.In economic data: Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%) France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln) Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%) Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%) Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -1.0% Germany's DAX: -0.9% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.8% Italy's FTSE MIB: -1.0% Spain's IBEX 35: -1.1%08:46PD PagerDuty (-3%) set to open at record low after IPO lockup expires (26.74 )Tufin Software's (TUFN) IPO lockup also expires today08:32WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -20.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -51.90.The S&P 500 futures trade 20 points, or 0.7%, below fair value.Just in, producer prices declined 0.3% in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.1%) while core producer prices also declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%). Yr/yr, producer prices are up 1.4% (vs +1.8% in August) while core producer prices are up 2.0% (vs +2.3% in August).08:30DXCM Dexcom receives FDA clearance for Dexcom G6 Pro Continuous Glucose Monitoring System for healthcare professionals to use with their patients, ages two years and up (159.45 )Dexcom G6 Pro is the first and only single use, professional CGM that gathers real-time glucose data over a 10-day period and offers both a blinded and unblinded mode. In blinded mode, real-time glucose data is hidden from the patient and reviewed retrospectively with their healthcare professional at the end of the session. In unblinded mode, patients can see their glucose data throughout the 10-day sensor wear to gain insights and make treatment decisions in real time. The company expects to begin shipping Dexcom G6 Pro early next year.08:30ECONX September Core PPI M/M -0.3% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus08:30ECONX September Headline PPI M/M -0.3% vs +0.1% Briefing.com consensus08:04SUMRX Gapping up/down: HA +5% and HELE +5% after earnings/guidance, metals and miners trading higher; DPZ -5% after earnings, EU banks trading lower, ORCL -1% after downgradeGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:HA +5.2% (reports Sept traffic +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity; raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM), HELE +4.9%Select metals/mining stocks trading higher:HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, MUX +2.5%, AU +2.4%, GDX +1.5%, GOLD +1.3%, GLD +0.8%, SLV +0.8%Other news:NIO +11% (provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr) ERIC +1.2% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) NOK +0.8% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) CE +0.5% (indicated higher on reports that the company may consider a breakup)Analyst comments:NAT +8.1% (upgraded to Buy at BTIG)SWTX +1.8% (initiated with a Buy at Goldman; initiated with an Overweight at JP Morgan)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:QGEN -18.9% (reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance; also announces departure of CEO Peer M. Schatz), DZSI -17.9%, DPZ -4.8%Select EU financial related names showing weakness:DB -2.5%, ING -2.2%, SAN -2.1%, BCS -1.4%, LYG -1.2%, HSBC -0.8%Other news:AMBA -12.4% (on report that the Department of Commerce will blacklist its customer Hikvision)CVM -4.4% (attributed to cautious Stat News report from Adam Feuerstein)AQN -3.3% (commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares)SDC -2.1% (rebounding from yesterday's 8% pullback; co commented after the bell on analyst initiations)BA -1.5% (WSJ article stating dispute between US and European regulators could further delay Boeing (BA) 737 Max 8's return to flight) JAZZ -1.3% (CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company)Analyst comments:PBYI -7.5% (downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman)NKTR -7.1% (downgraded to Sell from Buy at Goldman)FTSI -3% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)PTEN -2.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)HP -2% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)TERP -2% (downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays)ORCL -1.3% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies)JBHT -1.2% (downgraded to Neutral from Positive at Susquehanna)BEN -1% (initiated with Underperform at BMO Capital Markets)LOW -0.7% (coverage downgraded/assumed to Mkt Perform from Outperform at Raymond James)08:04BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryTreasuries Climb as Trade Concerns ResurfaceU.S. Treasuries are on track to reclaim a portion of yesterday's losses after Treasury futures rallied in overnight trade. The early part of the overnight session saw some selling, but futures notched their lows around midnight, and rallied from there. China's Commerce Ministry indicated that China is prepared to sign a partial trade deal and leave "the harder issues" to be negotiated next year, but that offer may no longer be valid after the U.S. added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Futures hit pre-market highs during the past hour after Bloomberg reported that the White House is focusing on limiting exposure to Chinese stocks in government pension funds. Keep in mind that a similar report circulated on September 27. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% at 98.91. Yield Check: 2-yr: -3 bps to 1.43% 3-yr: -5 bps to 1.37% 5-yr: -4 bps to 1.35% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.52% 30-yr: -3 bps to 2.02%News: China's September Caixin Services PMI decreased to 51.3 (expected 52.1) from 52.1. Japan's August Household Spending increased 2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%), growing 1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings decreased 0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus totaled JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index increased to 46.7 (expected 43.4) from 42.8. South Korea's August Current Account surplus narrowed to $5.27 bln from $6.95 bln. Australia's September NAB Business Confidence dipped to 0 from 1. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020. Germany's August Industrial Production increased 0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%). France's August trade deficit totaled EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) while August Current Account deficit totaled EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln). Italy's August Retail Sales decreased 0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%) but rose 0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%). Spain's August Industrial Production increased 1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%). Swiss September Unemployment Rate held at 2.3% (expected 2.1%). Commodities: WTI Crude: -1.5% to $51.99/bbl Gold: +0.4% to $1510.60/ozt Copper: -0.3% to $2.570/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.1% to 1.0986 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2217 USD/CNH: +0.2% to 7.1499 USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.87 Data out Today: 6:00 ET: September NFIB Small Business Optimism Index (actual 101.8; prior 103.1) 8:30 ET: September PPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%; prior 0.1%) and core PPI (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.3%) Treasury Auctions: 13:00 ET: $38 bln 3-yr Treasury note auction results Fed Speakers: 13:35 ET: Chicago Fed President (FOMC voter) Charles Evans 13:50 ET: Chairman (FOMC voter) Jay Powell08:03SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:QGEN -18.9% (reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance; also announces departure of CEO Peer M. Schatz), DZSI -17.9%, DPZ -4.8%Select EU financial related names showing weakness:DB -2.5%, ING -2.2%, SAN -2.1%, BCS -1.4%, LYG -1.2%, HSBC -0.8%Other news:AMBA -12.4% (on report that the Department of Commerce will blacklist its customer Hikvision)CVM -4.4% (attributed to cautious Stat News report from Adam Feuerstein)AQN -3.3% (commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares)SDC -2.1% (rebounding from yesterday's 8% pullback; co commented after the bell on analyst initiations)BA -1.5% (WSJ article stating dispute between US and European regulators could further delay Boeing (BA) 737 Max 8's return to flight) JAZZ -1.3% (CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company)Analyst comments:PBYI -7.5% (downgraded to Sell from Neutral at Goldman)NKTR -7.1% (downgraded to Sell from Buy at Goldman)FTSI -3% (downgraded to Underperform from Neutral at BofA/Merrill)PTEN -2.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)HP -2% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at BofA/Merrill)TERP -2% (downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays)ORCL -1.3% (downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies)JBHT -1.2% (downgraded to Neutral from Positive at Susquehanna)BEN -1% (initiated with Underperform at BMO Capital Markets)LOW -0.7% (coverage downgraded/assumed to Mkt Perform from Outperform at Raymond James)08:02AMAG AMAG Pharma enters into settlement agreement with Caligan Partners (12.09 )As part of this agreement, the Board of Directors has appointed Paul Fonteyne, former CEO of Boehringer Ingelheim USA, and David Johnson, Partner and co-Founder of Caligan, to the AMAG Board, effective immediately. The appointment of Mr. Fonteyne and Mr. Johnson temporarily expands the size of the AMAG Board to 11 directors, 10 of whom are independent and four of whom have been appointed within the past six months. In addition, the company will include Mr. Fonteyne and Mr. Johnson as candidates in the company's proxy statement for the company's 2020 Annual Meeting. Following the 2020 Annual Meeting, the size of the Board will revert to nine directors.As part of this settlement agreement, Caligan has withdrawn its pending consent solicitation and agreed to a customary standstill, voting commitment, and related terms.07:59SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:HA +5.2% (reports Sept traffic +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity; raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM), HELE +4.9%Select metals/mining stocks trading higher:HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, MUX +2.5%, AU +2.4%, GDX +1.5%, GOLD +1.3%, GLD +0.8%, SLV +0.8%Other news:NIO +11% (provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr) ERIC +1.2% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) NOK +0.8% (US officials have suggested issuing credit to Nokia (NOK) and Ericsson (ERIC) so those companies can compete with Huawei) CE +0.5% (indicated higher on reports that the company may consider a breakup)Analyst comments:NAT +8.1% (upgraded to Buy at BTIG)SWTX +1.8% (initiated with a Buy at Goldman; initiated with an Overweight at JP Morgan)07:59WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -16.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -43.50.U.S. equity futures are firmly lower, as negative-sounding trade developments weaken investor sentiment and dampen expectations for this week's trade talks. The S&P 500 futures trade 17 points, or 0.6%, below fair value.The U.S. Commerce Department added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist for "engaging in or enabling activities contrary to the foreign policy interests" of the U.S. Bloomberg followed up this morning indicating that the Trump administration is now considering limiting Chinese stocks in U.S. government pension funds.When asked if China would retaliate to the trade blacklist, Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman reportedly said, "stay tuned." As for trade talks, the South China Morning Post reported that the Chinese delegation could go home from the negotiations one day early as expectations are falling for any resolution to the trade dispute.In other matters, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. Fed Chair Powell is scheduled to speak at an annual luncheon at 1:50 p.m. ET.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.90. WTI crude is down 1.4%, or $0.74, to $52.03/bbl.On the data front, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September (Briefing.com consensus 0.1%) at 8:30 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September declined to 101.8 from 103.1.In U.S. Corporate news:Ambarella (AMBA 49.98, -7.24): -12.7% after its Chinese customer, Hikvision, was added to the U.S. trade blacklist. Domino's Pizza (DPZ 234.00, -8.21): -3.4% after missing earnings estimates. Domino's also announced a $1 billion share repurchase program.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. Japan's Nikkei +1.0%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.3%, China's Shanghai Composite +0.3%, India's Sensex CLOSED, South Korea's Kospi +1.2%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.4%.In economic data:China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1)Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%),August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8)South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln)Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)In news:China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1).Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang.Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. STOXX Europe 600 -1.0%, Germany's DAX -1.1%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.2%, France's CAC 40 -1.0%, Italy's FTSE MIB -1.3%, Spain's IBEX 35 -1.3%.In economic data:Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%)France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln)Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%)Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%)Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)In news:German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.07:57DPZ Domino's Pizza -5% on Q3 miss, tempered long-term outlook (242.21 )07:44BA Boeing to invest $20 mln in Virgin Galactic (376.54 )The companies will work together to broaden commercial space access and transform global travel technologies. To date, Virgin Galactic has invested $1 billion of capital to build reusable human spaceflight systems designed to enable significantly more people to experience and utilize space. In July, the company announced its intent to become a publicly-listed entity via a business combination with Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp (IPOA). The Boeing investment will be in return for new shares in Virgin Galactic and is therefore contingent on the closing of that transaction, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019, and any such investment will be in the post-business combination company.07:35DPZ Domino's Pizza misses by $0.03, reports revs in-line, global retail sales increased 5.8%; announces $1 bln repurchase program, offers new new long-range outlook (242.21 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.05 per share, $0.03 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.08; revenues rose 4.4% year/year to $820.81 mln vs the $827.23 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Global retail sales increased 5.8% in the third quarter, or 7.5% without the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. U.S. same store sales grew 2.4% during the quarter versus the prior year quarter, continuing the positive sales momentum in the company's U.S. business. The international division also posted positive results, with same store sales growth of 1.7% during the quarter.On October 4, the company's Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.0 bln of the company's common stock. This repurchase program replaces the remaining availability of approximately $53.6 mln under the company's existing $750.0 mln share repurchase program.The company announced a new long-range outlook for certain business metrics. This new two- to three-year outlook replaces the company's prior three- to five-year outlook. Global retail sales growth +7-10% (Previously saw +8-12% over 3-5 years)U.S. same store sales growth +2-5% (Previously saw +3-6% over 3-5 years)International same store sales growth +1-4% (Previously saw +3-6% over 3-5 years)Global net store growth +6-8% (Unchanged from prior 3-5 year outlook)07:32WIRES On The WiresANSYS (ANSS) is creating a powerful, design-to-validation workflow for electric machines through an agreement with Motor Design Limited to distribute Motor-CAD. By combining the leading electric motor design software tool with ANSYS' multiphysics analysis capabilities, ANSYS is extending simulation into the design phase of the electric machine product lifecycle.Plug Power Inc. (PLUG), a leading provider of hydrogen engines and fueling solutions enabling e-mobility, has partnered with German specialty vehicle manufacturer MULAG to bring a new generation of hydrogen fuel cell-powered electric cargo tow tractors to Germany's Hamburg Airport. To kick off the initiative, the two companies joined forces to build a fuel cell-powered vehicle, which ran alongside the airport's existing ground support equipment fleet for a period of evaluation and service testing, and concluded successfully.Ebix, Inc. (EBIX), a leading international supplier of On-Demand software and E-commerce services to the insurance, financial, healthcare and e-learning industries today announced that its EbixCash Indian subsidiary has signed agreements with international travel exchanges to deliver millions of airline segments annually for a per segment fee, over a 5-year period, beginning immediately. As a part of this agreement, EbixCash collected a cumulative advance of $25 million from the international travel exchanges, a few days back.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX -1.1%, FTSE -0.2%, CAC -1.0%Major European indices trade lower across the board, approaching their lows from last week. German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that a Brexit deal is "overwhelmingly unlikely" if Northern Ireland doesn't stay in the customs union. UBS reportedly expects the Swiss National Bank to cut its policy rate deeper into negative territory in early 2020. The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade, and Services lowered its 2019 export forecast to just 0.5% from 1.5%. The Federation does not expect an improvement until the second half of 2020.In economic data: Germany's August Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected -0.2%; last -0.4%) France's August trade deficit EUR5.00 bln (expected deficit of EUR4.20 bln; last deficit of EUR4.50 bln) and August Current Account deficit EUR2.50 bln (expected deficit of EUR400 mln; last deficit of EUR200 mln) Italy's August Retail Sales -0.6% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.6%); +0.7% yr/yr (expected 3.1%; last 2.4%) Spain's August Industrial Production +1.7% yr/yr (expected 0.1%; last 1.2%) Swiss September Unemployment Rate 2.3% (expected 2.1%; last 2.3%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -1.0% Germany's DAX: -1.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.2% France's CAC 40: -1.0% Italy's FTSE MIB: -1.3% Spain's IBEX 35: -1.3%---FX---EUR/USD: +0.2% to 1.0988 GBP/USD: -0.6% to 1.2216 USD/CHF: -0.3% to 0.991507:15S&P futures vs fair value: -17.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -45.50.07:05WIRES On The WiresEli Lilly (LLY) announced that it will present new data for Taltz (ixekizumab), Olumiant (baricitinib), and mirikizumab at the 28th annual European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) Congress taking place Oct. 9-13 in Madrid, Spain. The research being highlighted at this year's meeting reinforces Lilly's commitment to developing treatments for individuals living with dermatological conditions such as psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, atopic dermatitis, and alopecia areata.Navigant Consulting (NCI) and eIQ Mobility, Inc. today announced they have entered into a strategic alliance to provide turnkey electric vehicle fleet as a service (eFaaS) solutions to clients across North America and Europe.Evoqua Water Technologies (AQUA) announced a majority investment position in San Diego-based Frontier Water Systems, LLC. Frontier is a pioneer in the development of patented, engineered equipment packages for high-rate treatment and removal of selenium, nitrate, and other metals from complex waste streams.Aurora Cannabis (ACB) and CTT Pharmaceutical Holdings, Inc. announced today the successful commercialization of CTT's cannabinoid-infused sublingual wafers.Sutro Biopharma (STRO) has achieved a milestone under its collaboration and license agreement with the healthcare division of Merck KGaA (MKKGY), Darmstadt, Germany and is entitled to receive a milestone payment. The milestone was achieved upon the designation by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany of an undisclosed bispecific antibody drug conjugate as a clinical development candidate with approval to advance to IND-enabling studies. AVROBIO (AVRO) announced that the first patient has been dosed in the company's AVR-RD-04 investigational gene therapy program for cystinosis, a devastating lysosomal storage disease, in an ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial sponsored by academic collaborators at the University of California San Diego. The gene therapy is derived from the patient's own hematopoietic stem cells, which are genetically modified to produce functional cystinosin, a crucial protein that patients with cystinosis lack.07:02IRMD iRadimed receives close-out letter from the FDA resolving all issues cited in the August 2014 warning letter (22.36 )The company does not expect a significant impact to its business or financial performance resulting from the close-out letter.07:01SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up:NIO +9%, HA +5.2%, HMY +4.9%, GFI +3.3%, NAT +3.2%, AU +1.5%, GDX +1.4%, MUX +1.3%, GOLD +0.9%, CE +0.6%, GLD +0.6%, SLV +0.6%Gapping down:QGEN -19.1%, DZSI -17.9%, AMBA -10%, AQN -3.3%, DB -3.2%, BA -2%, MT -2%, ING -2%, JAZZ -1.3%, NVDA -1.3%, ORCL -1.1%, BEN -1%, SDC -1%, AAL -0.9%07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +1.0%, Hang Seng +0.3%, Shanghai +0.3%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a modestly higher note. China's Shanghai Composite (+0.3%) reopened after a weeklong closure, registering a slight gain. The index rallied to begin the day but backed off its session high after the release of a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI (actual 51.3; expected 52.1; last 52.1). Overnight reports indicated that U.S. officials added 28 Chinese companies, including Hikvision, to a trade blacklist over China's treatment of Muslim minorities in Xinjiang. Samsung issued better than expected guidance for Q3.In economic data: China's September Caixin Services PMI 51.3 (expected 52.1; last 52.1) Japan's August Household Spending +2.4% m/m (expected 2.8%; last -0.9%); +1.0% yr/yr (expected 1.2%; last 0.8%). August Average Cash Earnings -0.2% yr/yr (last -1.0%), August Current Account surplus JPY2.158 trln (expected JPY2.070 trln; last JPY2.000 trln), and September Economy Watchers Current Index 46.7 (expected 43.4; last 42.8) South Korea's August Current Account surplus $5.27 bln (last surplus of $6.95 bln) Australia's September NAB Business Confidence 0 (last 1)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.0% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.3% China's Shanghai Composite: +0.3% India's Sensex: CLOSED South Korea's Kospi: +1.2% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.4%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.3% to 106.94 USD/CNH: +0.1% to 7.1424 USD/INR: +0.3% to 71.1606:57GMS GMS names Scott M. Deakin CFO effective October 21 (28.03 )Lynn Ross, who has served as the company's Interim Chief Financial Officer, will continue in her role as Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. Mr. Deakin most recently served as the President of the Thermal Acoustical Solutions segment of Lydall (LDL), a publicly-traded global manufacturer of specialty engineered products, where he led strategy development and was accountable for the segment's profitable operations.06:51HELE Helen of Troy beats by $0.28, beats on revs; raises FY20 EPS and revenue guidance (159.21 )Reports Q2 (Aug) earnings of $2.24 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.28 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.96; revenues rose 5.2% year/year to $414 mln vs the $390.55 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues raised guidance for FY20, sees EPS of $8.50-8.70 from $8.40-8.65, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $8.55 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees FY20 revs of $1.61-1.64 bln from $1.59-1.62 bln vs. $1.61 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Guidance Details: Housewares net sales growth of 13% to 15%, compared to the prior expectation of 6% to 8%; Health & Home net sales decline in the low-single digits, compared to the prior expectation of net sales growth of 2% to 3%; and Beauty net sales growth in the low-single digits, compared to the prior expectation of a net sales decline in the low-single digits.Julien R. Mininberg, Chief Executive Officer, stated: "We are pleased with our second quarter financial performance, which delivered consolidated core business sales growth of 5.7% and adjusted diluted EPS growth of 13.1%, both ahead of our expectations. During the quarter, we improved our consolidated operating margin, while simultaneously increasing our growth investments compared to our original outlook at the beginning of the year. These growth investments are generating healthy results and our digital initiatives continue to pay dividends, illustrated by online sales growth of 25%, which now represents 24% of total sales in the quarter."06:14SSNLF Samsung sees Q3 sales of KRW 61-63 tln and Q3 operating profit of KRW 7.6-7.8 tln (86.00 )06:13FXI Shanghai ... +0.3%06:13S&P futures vs fair value: -9.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -18.00.06:13European MarketsFTSE...7,184.74...-12.60...-0.20%. DAX...12,014.05...-83.10...-0.70%.06:13Asian MarketsNikkei...21,587.78...+212.50...+1.00%. Hang Seng...25,893.40...+72.40...+0.30%.06:09WIRES On The WiresNokia (NOK) is launching Quillion, a new family of chipsets that will power next-generation massive scale access networks. Leveraging Nokia's extensive expertise, the Quillion chipset will allow operators to easily introduce 10G PON in their fiber networks and to serve more users from ultra-high-speed G.fast access nodes.Prevail Therapeutics Inc. (PRVL) and Lonza (SWX: LONN) announced that the companies have entered into a strategic collaboration. Lonza and Prevail have been working together since 2018, with an initial focus on process development, towards the GMP manufacturing of Prevail's two lead programs, PR001 and PR006. Under this collaboration, focused on the baculovirus/Sf9 production system for gene therapies, Lonza will manufacture Prevail's pipeline of novel AAV-based gene therapy programs for patients with neurodegenerative diseases at its gene therapy center of excellence in Houston, TX.Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) announced that the New Drug Application (NDA) for filgotinib, an investigational, oral, selective JAK1 inhibitor for the treatment of adults with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been submitted to the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW).Litrinium, Inc., a privately held semiconductor company based in Orange County, California, announced that on September 23rd, 2019, the United States District Court for the Central District of California dismissed MACOM's (MTSI) claims against Litrinium (case number 8:19-cv-00220), giving MACOM 20 days to amend its complaint. Rather than amend, MACOM voluntarily dismissed its lawsuit against Litrinium on October 4, 2019. Details of the dismissal are publicly available.MediciNova (MNOV) announced that it has received a Notice of Allowance from the Japan Patent Office for a pending patent application which covers MN-001 (tipelukast) and MN-002 (a major metabolite of MN-001) for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).06:07TWI Titan Intl sells stake in Wheels India (2.61 )Co announced that on October 3, 2019, through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, the company completed the sale of shares of Wheels India in on-market trades on the National Stock Exchange of India. The sale reduces the company's indirect ownership interest in Wheels India from ~34.2% of the outstanding shares of Wheels India to ~23.8%. The company received net proceeds from the on-market trades of ~$19 million, net of charges, discounts and commissions, which Titan expects to use to pay down outstanding indebtedness. Wheels India is one of the largest global steel wheel manufacturers.06:05ASUR Asure Software to sell its Workspace Management business to FM:Systems in an asset and equity transaction valued at $120 mln (6.78 )06:04HMC Honda Motor acquires California-based Drivemode; terms not disclosed (25.58 )Drivemode is a startup that develops and operates smartphone-based connected services, excelling in multiple areas such as the development of the user interface and application as well as cloud-based technologies. Honda R&D and Drivemode have been collaborating and conducting joint development activities since 2015 through the Honda Xcelerator program, an open innovation program Honda has been pursuing on a global basis.06:02OMAB Grupo Aeroportuario reports that September passenger traffic increased 6.2% yr/yr (48.15 )Domestic traffic increased 5.9%, and international traffic increased 8.8%. The Monterrey (+2.9%), Ciudad Juarez (+14.3%), and Culiacan (+8.7%) airports contributed most to traffic growth.06:02SPY Latest on China trade dispute: Commerce Department confirms it adds 28 Chinese organizations to its entity list and China signals it will retaliate; President Trump said there is a "good possibility" of trade deal with China, but also notes planned tariff rate increase on October 15 (293.08 )"Today, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the Department of Commerce announced that it will add 28 Chinese governmental and commercial organizations to the Entity List for engaging in or enabling activities contrary to the foreign policy interests of the United States. This action constricts the export of items subject to the Export Administration Regulations to entities that have been implicated in human rights violations and abuses in China's campaign targeting Uighurs and other predominantly Muslim ethnic minorities in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region." Commerce Department Release (related stocks: AMBA, LITE, FNSR, MU, QCOM).China has signaled it will retaliate to this action.President Trump made the following comments during a press conference last night:There is a "good possibility" of a trade deal with China, but he wants a big deal, not a partial deal.Tariffs will go up to 30% from 25% on October 15; can go higher than that, but not looking to do that right now (he is referring to the $250 bln tranche).He hopes there is a humane solution in Hong Kong.Briefing.com note: This isn't necessarily "new" news, as the president has always suggested a trade deal with China is a possibility if it is a good deal for the U.S.China will halt NBA broadcasts following tweet showing support for Hong Kong protests (related stocks: TCEHY, NKE).See 10/7 16:44 & 16:4606:02AZZ AZZ to reschedule fiscal year 2020 second quarter earnings release to allow the company additional time to complete the review of its Form 10-Q (43.01 )The conference call and live webcast was previously scheduled for Tuesday, October 8 at 11:00 a.m. ET. The company will issue a press release announcing the specific date and time of the rescheduled fiscal year 2020 second quarter earnings call upon completion of this review.06:01NIO NIO provides Q3 delivery results -- total deliveries +35.1% qtr/qtr (1.55 )NIO delivered 4,799 vehicles in the third quarter, increasing 35.1% from the second quarter and exceeding the middle point of the company's guidance range significantly by 499 vehicles, or 11.6%. The deliveries consisted of 4,196 ES6s, the company's 5-seater high-performance premium electric SUV, and 603 ES8s, the company's 7-seater high-performance premium electric SUV and its 6-seater variant. Deliveries in September were 2,019 vehicles, including 1,726 ES6s and 293 ES8s. As of September 30, 2019, aggregate deliveries of the company's ES6 and ES8 reached 23,689 vehicles, of which 12,341 vehicles were delivered in 2019."September deliveries in particular were positively impacted by expedited shipments ahead of China's national day holiday. In addition to the solid sequential improvement in our delivery numbers, we have seen accelerated growth of our order backlog since September supported by a more expansive sales network."06:01NVS Novartis AG receives FDA approval for Beovu, offering wet AMD patients vision gains and greater fluid reductions vs aflibercept (86.22 )Co announced that the FDA approved Beov injection, also known as RTH258 for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration. Beovu is the first FDA approved anti-VEGF to offer both greater fluid resolution versus aflibercept and the ability to maintain eligible wet AMD patients on a three-month dosing interval immediately after a three-month loading phase with uncompromised efficacy.06:01LDNXF London Stock Exchange: Hong Kong Exchange confirms it will not proceed with offer for London Stock Exchange (90.86 )06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets mixed; trade tensions heat up after US blacklists 28 Chinese entitiesThe global equity markets are mixed this morning, which essentially rhymes with the tone that the market has seen with the back and forth speculation of where trade talks with China are going. The latest development was a report that the US will blacklist 28 Chinese companies, which caused China to declare a retaliation. S&P Futures are trading around the 2930 area. After putting in a low of 2927.75, the market has once again signaled this area as a key support zone. The market capped out at 2950.00, which is a key resistance area.In Asia, both China and Hong Kong returned to action. Chinese markets traded higher all day, but in a relatively narrow range, before closing up 0.3%. The Shanghai held a bid following a weaker than expected Caixin Services PMI, coming in at 51.3, compared to consensus of 52.1. The disappointing print led to speculation of stimulus. The Nikkei finished the day 1% stronger following a drop in the yen against the dollar. The currency's weakness led to a strength in export stocks, with Tech names leading the way following better than expected results from Samsung.In Europe, the major bourses are mostly lower. These markets opened higher but the positive sentiment waned. Germany posted better than expected Industrial Production for August, rising 0.3%, beating expectations for a fall of 0.2%. There are also reports that Brexit talks are breaking down, which has weakened the British Pound. Like in Japan, the weaker currency has helped buoy the FTSE, which is unchanged on the day.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -5.010 yr Note: 1.54%USD/JPY: 107.10 -0.15EUR/USD: 1.0987 +0.0016Europe: FTSE 0.0% DAX -0.5% CAC -0.5%Asia: Hang Seng +0.3% Shanghai +0.3% Nikkei +1.0%Gold (1504.50 +0.10) Silver (17.55 +0.01) Crude (52.55 -0.20)18:07AZUL Azul S.A. reports Sept passenger traffic (RPKs) increased 31.0% yr/yr on a capacity increase of 30.8%, resulting in a load factor of 83.3% (36.97 -0.81)In the third quarter, consolidated RPKs increased 30.7% on a capacity increase of 29.3% year over year.18:03SBLK Star Bulk Carriers filed for ~1.54 mln share offering by selling shareholder Delphin Holdings (10.45 -0.02)17:27SDC SmileDirectClub offers statement on today's set of analyst initiations (13.49 -1.23)"Today's market reports reinforce the value of our business model, unit economics and mission to transform smiles through safe, affordable and consumer-first technology to an addressable market of approximately 500 million people worldwide. We remain focused on long term shareholder value - the next 12, 24, 36 months and beyond. Our entrance into the public market allows us to reinvest in innovation, process improvements, international growth and customer experience. Our commitment to our 5,500 team members, our customers and our mission is stronger than ever."17:15JAZZ Jazz Pharma CFO Matthew Young to resign effective as of October 25 to pursue a leadership opportunity with a privately-held healthcare company (145.59 -0.26)Mr. Young's resignation is not due to any disagreement relating to the Company's operations, financial statements, internal controls, auditors, policies or practices. The Company expects that Mr. Young will continue as a consultant to the Company during a transition period following the Resignation Date to assist with the preparation and filing of the Company's next Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the transition of his duties and responsibilities.17:10DZSI DASAN Zhone Technologies resumes trade lower following downside guidance (9.62 +0.23)Sees Q3 revs $70-72 mln (prior guidance $88-94 mln) vs $91.2 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus reflecting the recent industry wide trends in reduced carrier spend combined with temporary postponements in capital spending for Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) project at selected DZS customers."Although our preliminary Q3 results were lower than anticipated due to various factors, including softer global telco wireline carrier spending in the second half of 2019, we continue to be very encouraged by the progress we are making on our 5G growth initiatives... Looking towards the fiscal year 2020, we are still on track for strong contributions from our 5G deployments, resulting in growth and expanded EBITDA margins."17:08AEM Agnico-Eagle Mines reports achievement of commercial production at Amarug satellite deposit and offers production updates (54.02 -0.31)Commercial production was achieved at the company's Amaruq satellite deposit at the Meadowbank Complex on September 30. The 100% owned Amaruq satellite deposit is located approx. 50 km northwest of the Meadowbank mine, which in turn is located approx. 110 km by road north of Baker Lake in the Kivalliq District of Nunavut, Canada. Development of the Amaruq project was approved in February 2017 by the company's Board of Directors as a satellite deposit to supply ore to the existing Meadowbank mill.Amaruq ore processing commenced in August 2019 using low-grade stockpiles. In the third quarter of 2019, production at the Meadowbank Complex totaled 48,869 ounces of gold, which included 13,588 ounces from Meadowbank and pre-commercial payable gold production at Amaruq of 35,281 ounces, compared to pre-commercial production guidance of 40,000 gold ounces. During the third quarter, mining activities at Amaruq continued to be affected by slower than expected dewatering activities. Given the slower than expected ramp up of mining activities, the company took the opportunity to accelerate planned maintenance to the milling and crushing circuits, which was originally scheduled for 2020. As a result, the mill was temporarily shut down in mid-September and is expected to restart on or about October 14.As a result, production guidance at the Meadowbank Complex for 2019 is now anticipated to be 200,000 ounces of gold (previous forecast of 230,000 ounces). Despite the lower forecast for the Meadowbank Complex, the company's FY19 production guidance of 1.75 mln ounces of gold remains unchanged.17:03ATR AptarGroup to acquire 49% equity interest in BTY, a Chinese color cosmetics packaging manufacturer (116.56 -0.77)AptarGroup has signed an agreement to acquire a 49% equity interest in three related BTY companies: Suzhou Hsing Kwang, Suqian Hsing Kwang, and Suzhou BTY, collectively referred to as BTY. The BTY entities are Chinese manufacturers of high-quality, decorative metal components, metal-plastic sub-assemblies, and complete color cosmetics packaging solutions for the beauty industry. Financial details will be disclosed upon successful completion of the transaction. The transaction is expected to close by the end of 2019, and the purchase will be funded with available cash on hand.16:38BRY Berry Petroleum reaffirms 2019 annual production and capital spending guidance (9.28 -0.05)BRY reaffirms its full year production and capital spending guidance for 2019. Co expects production to be at the mid-point of its original guidance of 28,000-31,000 boe/day and expects capital spending to be at mid-point of $195-$225 mln.Preliminary total company production for the third quarter ended September 30, 2019 averaged 29,600 boe/d with the month of September averaging 31,700 boe/d, compared to June's average of 27,400. The month of September production is nearly 88% oil, an increase from 86% in 2Q19.This improvement is primarily attributed to BRY'ss capital deployment to grow its California production. Preliminary California production, consisting of 100% Brent-based oil, for the quarter is approximately 22,900 bbl/d, an increase of 10.4% compared with last quarter and 17.7% with 3Q18.16:35HA Hawaiian Holdings reports Sept traffic (revenue passenger miles) +3% yr/yr on an increase of 0.7% in capacity (available seat miles); raises Q3 estimates for operating revenue per ASM (25.21 -0.49)Q3 update: Total traffic increased 2.7 percent on a decrease of 0.4 percent in capacity. Load factor increased 2.7 points to 87.8 percent. Company also raised its estimates for operating revenue per ASM due to better than expected yields in long-haul markets, particularly in its International entity to down 0.5% - up 0.5% from down 1.5-4.5%; narrowed its estimates for operating cost per ASM excluding fuel and non-recurring items; narrowed its estimates for gallons of jet fuel consumed; and lowered its estimates for economic fuel cost per gallon.16:34ACGL Arch Capital estimates $65-75 mln of catastrophe losses related to third quarter events (41.63 -0.23)Arch Capital expects to report third quarter 2019 pre-tax catastrophe losses of approx. $65-75 mln, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums. These losses are primarily from Hurricane Dorian and Typhoon Faxai. At this time, there are significant uncertainties surrounding the scope of damage for these events, as well as the other global events. The company's estimate for these events is based on currently available information; actual losses from these events may vary materially from the estimates due to the inherent uncertainties in making such determinations. The loss estimates exclude the operations of Watford Holdings. Pursuant to GAAP, the company consolidates the results of Watford in its financial statements, although it only owns approx. 11% of Watford's outstanding common equity.16:22WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD16:20QGEN Qiagen also announces CEO transition; CEO Peer M. Schatz to depart to pursue new opportunities (32.06 -0.29)Mr. Schatz, CEO, has notified the company that, after 27 years at QIAGEN, he has decided to step down as CEO and Chairman of the Management Board. He will remain with QIAGEN as Special Advisor to the Supervisory Board and transition into this role in the coming weeks. The Supervisory Board will now start a search for a permanent CEO. In the meantime, Thierry Bernard, SVP, Head of Molecular Diagnostics Business Area, will now act as interim CEO and work in tandem with Roland Sackers, CFO.16:11STL Sterling Bancorp to acquire $843 mln portfolio of middle market commercial equipment finance loans/leases from Santander Bank NA (SAN); expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2019 (19.34 -0.13)As of September 30, 2019, the balance of loans and leases outstanding to be acquired was $843 million. The portfolio has a weighted average tax-equivalent yield of approximately 4.3% and consists mainly of fixed rate loans and leases. The portfolio will be integrated into Sterling's established national Equipment Finance platform, resulting in a pro forma combined portfolio of approximately $2 billion in total loans and leases outstanding.16:09ILMN Illumina partners with QIAGEN (QGEN) to deliver in-vitro diagnostic tests (301.63 -0.71)IlLMN and QGEN announce a 15-year partnership intended to broaden the availability and use of NGS-based IVD kits, including companion diagnostics, for patient management.The agreement grants QGEN non-exclusive rights to develop and globally commercialize IVD kits to be used together with Illumina's MiSeq Dx and NextSeq 550Dx Systems.The agreement also includes rights for expansion of the partnership on future Illumina diagnostic systems. Both partners are also exploring opportunities for QIAGEN to develop and market companion diagnostics based on ILMN's TruSight Oncology assays that enable comprehensive genomic profiling of tumor samples in immunotherapy. ILMN and QGEN will cooperate to commercialize a menu of clinically validated workflows that combine QGEN's proprietary content and bioinformatics solutions. The partnership will initially focus on commercializing oncology IVD kits to support patient management and may expand in the future to include additional clinical diagnostic fields, such as cardiology, hereditary diseases, infectious diseases, as well as inflammatory and autoimmune diseases.16:08QGEN Qiagen reaffirms Q3 EPS, sees revenue below guidance (32.06 -0.29)Reaffirms Q3 adj. EPS $0.35-0.36 vs $0.36 S&P Capital IQ Consensus Estimate; total sales +3% ex-FX vs. +4-5% prior outlook, mainly due to significantly weaker-than-expected developments in China. Sales grew 6% ex-China.Initiatives announced to free up resources to invest in best growth opportunities, in particular new partnership with Illumina in NGS (next-generation sequencing) clinical decision-making.16:06RRGB Red Robin Gourmet names David Pace as Board Chairman; Pattye Moore to retire as Board Chair November 1, 2019 (32.73 -0.08)Mr. Pace was appointed to Red Robin's Board on August 6, 2019 as part of a refreshment that resulted in the addition of three new, independent directors. Mr. Pace most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Jamba Juice.16:02AQN Algonquin Power & Utilities commences underwritten marketed public offering of 21,520,804 common shares (14.06 +0.12)The net proceeds from the Offering will be used to partially finance certain of the Company's previously-announced acquisitions, to partially finance the Company's renewable development growth projects, and for general corporate purposes.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Zedd 'Permanently Banned' From China for Liking a 'South Park' TweetBillboardOctober 12, 2019 SaturdayCopyright 2019 Prometheus Global Media, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; TAGLength: 303 wordsByline: Ryan ParkerHighlight: Popular DJ Zedd has been permanently banned from China because he liked a post from the South Park Twitter account.BodyPopular DJ Zedd has been permanently banned from China because he liked a post from the South Park Twitter account. Born Anton Zaslavski, the Russian-German DJ and music producer made the announcement via social media. He has 8.1 million followers on Twitter alone. "I just got permanently banned from China because I liked a @SouthPark tweet," Zedd said via a tweet. His reps confirmed to CNBC Zedd was notified he was banned from the country. "This is true, yes, but we don't have anymore info to give you at this time," Adam Guest, senior entertainment publicist at U.K.-based SATELLITE414 agency, told CNBC. It's unclear if that means Zedd has a travel ban to China.As of Saturday, Zedd's music was still available on Chinese music streaming site QQ Music, CNBC noted. The South Park tweet Zedd liked was innocuous, simply one about the show's 300th episode, which aired last week. But the Comedy Central cartoon created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone has made headlines around the world in recent weeks for its criticisms of the Chinese government and of American businesses that do business with the country. South Park has since been banned in the country. All mentions of the cartoon have been scrubbed from China's Internet. The show can no longer be streamed. South Park has since been embraced by those protesting the Chinese government in Hong Kong. Protestors have even been showing pirated copies of the episode that got the series banned in China on the streets of Hong Kong. Parker and Stone have become something of folk heroes to the protestors. Last week's episode of South Park concluded with one of the main characters declaring: "Fuck the Chinese government!"This article originally appeared on The Hollywood Reporter .Billboardhas reached out to a representative for Zedd for comment.Link to ImageLoad-Date: October 14, 2019End of Document

COTTON, SCHUMER REQUEST ASSESSMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS POSED BY CHINA-OWNED VIDEO-SHARING PLATFORM, TIKTOK, A POTENTIAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE THREAT WITH OVER 110 MILLION DOWNLOADS IN U.S., ALONEStates News ServiceOctober 24, 2019 ThursdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 869 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton:Senator Tom Cotton (R-Arkansas) and Senator Chuck Schumer (D-New York) late yesterday sent a letter to Acting Director of National Intelligence Joseph Maguire, formally requesting that the Intelligence Community conduct an assessment of the national security risks posed by TikTok and other China-owned content platforms in the U.S., and requested a Congressional briefing on the findings. Leader Schumer and Senator Cotton's request comes amid growing concern about national security and cybersecurity risks posed by TikTok, a short-form video application owned by Beijing-based ByteDance and boasting more than 110 million downloads in the United States alone, as well as other China-based applications with a significant U.S. presence.The Senators note that while ByteDance claims TikTok does not operate in China and stores U.S. user data in the U.S., ByteDance is still required to adhere to the laws of China. Importantly, security experts have voiced concern that China's intelligence, national security, and cybersecurity laws compel Chinese companies to support and cooperate with intelligence work controlled by the Chinese Communist Party. Such concerns "about the potential for Chinese intelligence and security services to use Chinese information technology firms as routine and systemic espionage platforms against the U.S. and allies" are also expressed in the U.S. Intelligence Community's Worldwide Threat Assessment report for 2019.In the letter, the Senators emphasize that the TikTok platform is also a potential target of foreign influence campaigns like those carried out during the 2016 election on U.S.-based social media platforms. Leader Schumer and Senator Cotton say further action is needed to address the growing counterintelligence and national security threats posed by China-owned technology firms and demand an assessment of the national security risks posed by TikTok and other China-owned content platforms in the U.S., as well as a Congressional briefing on the findings.Senator Cotton and Senator Schumer's letter to Acting Director of National Intelligence Joseph Maguire can be found here and below:The Honorable Joseph MaguireActing Director of National IntelligenceOffice of the Director of National IntelligenceWashington, DC 20511Dear Acting Director Maguire:We write to express our concerns about TikTok, a short-form video application, and the national security risks posed by its growing use in the United States.TikTok is owned by Beijing-based technology company ByteDance, which operates several other content platforms in China. ByteDance regards its platforms as part of an artificial intelligence company powered by algorithms that "learn" each user's interests and preferences through repeat interaction.TikTok's terms of service and privacy policies describe how it collects data from its users and their devices, including user content and communications, IP address, location-related data, device identifiers, cookies, metadata, and other sensitive personal information. While the company has stated that TikTok does not operate in China and stores U.S. user data in the U.S., ByteDance is still required to adhere to the laws of China.Security experts have voiced concerns that China's vague patchwork of intelligence, national security, and cybersecurity laws compel Chinese companies to support and cooperate with intelligence work controlled by the Chinese Communist Party. Without an independent judiciary to review requests made by the Chinese government for data or other actions, there is no legal mechanism for Chinese companies to appeal if they disagree with a request.Questions have also been raised regarding the potential for censorship or manipulation of certain content. TikTok reportedly censors materials deemed politically sensitive to the Chinese Communist Party, including content related to the recent Hong Kong protests, as well as references to Tiananmen Square, Tibetan and Taiwanese independence, and the treatment of Uighurs. The platform is also a potential target of foreign influence campaigns like those carried out during the 2016 election on U.S.-based social media platforms.The Administration has rightly taken initial steps to address other critical security risks posed by China. These steps include the addition of Huawei to the Entity List, as well as the recent Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States orders for certain Chinese firms to divest their stakes in U.S. companies over concerns about the security of sensitive personal data. However, further action is needed, particularly as China continues to shut out U.S.-based technology firms while promoting and expanding the global reach of its own companies.With over 110 million downloads in the U.S. alone, TikTok is a potential counterintelligence threat we cannot ignore. Given these concerns, we ask that the Intelligence Community conduct an assessment of the national security risks posed by TikTok and other China-based content platforms operating in the U.S. and brief Congress on these findings. Thank you for your consideration regarding this important matter.Sincerely,Load-Date: October 24, 2019End of Document

How to win over Chinese travelers? The CEO of leading travel site Ctrip shares her expertiseCNN.comOctober 25, 2019 Friday 8:54 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: TRAVELLength: 989 wordsByline: Story by Maggie Hiufu Wong, Video by Jane Sit and Anna Coren, CNNBodyShelling out $277 billion worldwide in 2018, Chinese travelers are the world's top tourism spenders.The global travel industry is constantly battling to snag a piece of this lucrative market and, as we've seen in recent years, falling out of Chinese travelers' favor can have a dramatic impact on a country's annual tourism figures.Few executives understand the needs of this market better than Jane Sun, the CEO of Ctrip.With more than 300 million registered users, it's the country's largest online travel agency and the world's second-largest in terms of the gross merchandise value.The company was founded in 1999 by James Liang, Neil Shen, Min Fan and Qi Ji. Sun joined as the chief financial officer in 2005, rising through the ranks to eventually succeed Liang as the group's CEO in 2016.During a recent interview with Sun, CNN Travel asked that all-important question: What are Chinese travelers looking for in a holiday right now?First of all, the CEO says times have changed. Younger Chinese travelers are shunning the flag-waving group tours that once dominated the market in favor of independent travel."In the old days, people spoke very little English," says Sun."They tended to travel with the big groups, but now the new generation [studies] English when they're young. Even before they reach high school, they probably already studied a couple of years in the US, in Australia, or the UK. So they feel very competent to travel on their own."This growing segment is looking for something beyond your usual cookie-cutter itinerary, or, as Sun says, "once-in-a-lifetime" experiences."The young generation is even more adventurous, for example, [they're into] skydiving, deep-sea diving, skiing. Anything exciting for them, they want to do it," she says."We've seen [more] people going to adventurous areas such as Mount Kilimanjaro, Mount Everest [basecamp] and Antarctica."Easter Island and India's Taj Mahal are two other trending destinations on Chinese globetrotters' wish lists right now, says Sun, adding that today's travelers "want to learn something memorable and unique."Making travelers feel at homeSun says she usually visits an up-and-coming destination two to three years ahead of time to look for unique services and work with local tour operators before offering the products to their customers."We help different hotels, airlines and destinations to develop 'welcome Chinese' programs," says Sun. "With that program, lots of customers are willing to travel to these sites."Next comes the hard part: Impressing them. Sun says that most Chinese travelers value places that make them "feel at home.""Once the customers are on site, if you offer something special and friendly, that's very helpful," she says. "For example, hot tea, slippers, some Chinese speaking staff. It costs you very little but makes the environment very friendly."On the flip side, Sun acknowledges that in an era when bad tourist behavior is continually hitting news headlines, it will take time to change global perceptions of Chinese travelers."For lots of people, it's their first time going outside of China," she says."So, a lot of times they are very excited. They talk quite loud, taking pictures in the middle of the road, but as they travel more and more, they become more and more sophisticated. For example, when they go to Japan, they see people are very orderly. When they come home, they bring these good traits back."Sun adds that Ctrip works very closely with the Chinese government and issues customers travel guidelines."The best way is really to learn from each other," she says."So before they travel, we write in the travel guideline what they need to pay attention to. During the trip they will personally observe how people behave in this local area, and when they come back, we encourage them to post the pictures and write their travel journals on our sites so the [next travelers] will be able to learn. I think gradually it will improve."Sharing travel momentsStepping inside Ctrip's Shanghai-based headquarters is an eye-opening experience, demonstrating exactly why the company is leading the travel booking game.Large screens dominate a huge data center, where real-time travel needs are fed in from customers around the world. There's even a 24-hour SOS program for customers facing emergency situations, such as natural disasters and travel accidents. (More on the data center in the above video.)"Within minutes, our team will reach out to customers," says Sun. "And if the customers want to come back home, then the plane will take them back to their home countries the very next day. We want to make sure the customers feel peace of mind when they travel with Ctrip."The CEO considers Ctrip a one-stop shopping platform, where travelers can purchase everything from high-speed railway tickets, air tickets and hotel rooms to photography, hiking and diving trips."Anything you can think of, you can find it on Ctrip," she says. "That's our strong strength. Also, the service element is very, very strong."Ctrip also offers products that tap into travelers' desire to share their experiences on social media.For instance, the company's "Trip Moments" is an Instagram-type platform that allows travelers to search for fellow tourists' travel tips and book similar experiences."Our customers will post their pictures, write their journals, and these pictures attract a lot of customers," says Sun. "When they hit a button, instantly they can make a booking for these beautiful areas."Though Ctrip is most famous for its operations in China, where it dominates 60% of the market, it's been investing internationally as well.The company acquired UK-owned flight booking website Skyscanner in 2016 and US company Trip.com in 2017, among other ventures."We noticed that the product we built not only is very well-liked by Chinese customers, also, they are liked by other customers outside of China," says Sun.Load-Date: October 30, 2019End of Document

Opinion: Iowan products and Chinese consumers: a first-hand perspectiveThe Daily Iowan: University of IowaSeptember 5, 2019 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: OPINIONS; Pg. 1Length: 475 wordsBodyThe Iowa State Fair drew both those native to the state and people from across to the world to the fairgrounds in Des Moines. The annual extravaganza made evident the human connection between China and the U.S. as the trade war rages on between the two world powers.Former Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad was among those in attendance. Now the U.S. ambassador to China, Branstad represents the special bond between Iowan agriculture and the Chinese market. During his visit, Branstad expressed his concern about the trade war's effect on the state's farmers when the Chinese government suspended its plan to purchase goods from Iowa. Born and raised in Iowa, and later elected to the state's top executive post, he must be committed to protecting Iowans' interests during the trade war. In fact, his experience exporting agricultural goods to China is a main reason he was named ambassador in the first place. "The Chinese people do appreciate both the quality as well as the dependability of American food," he said Aug. 12.His comments remind me of my experience during my last visit to China. Last winter, I went back to my hometown, Fuzhou, in China, on my Christmas holiday. I found the prominence of American products in grocery stores there. Labeled as "imported from the U.S.," the price of Iowa-produced beef and pork is always extraordinarily higher than local food. It means something for products be from Iowa.I asked my mother, "Does anyone buy the 'imported' food stuff whose price is four times higher than the local ones in Walmart?" She answered that wealthier Chinese consumers want to buy high-quality and organic items. Checking the label on a piece of beef, I felt excited to tell my mom, "You see, the beef is produced in Iowa." However, my mom did not know much about the beef's Iowa origins.Many Chinese consumers like my mother only know items imported from the U.S. are partly banned because of the trade war. It is urgent, I suppose, to let them know that Iowan farmers remain willing to sell the best food to them.To expand Chinese consumers' knowledge of Iowa, the U.S. Embassy in Beijing invited some influential Chinese food bloggers and vloggers to attend the Iowa State Fair this year.The mission of this trip was to portray the food and culinary culture in Iowa. Those internet-content creators have displayed their impressions of Iowan culinary culture for more than 10 million Chinese people, including my mother. Soon, she may point at the imported beef in my hometown Walmart and tell me, "See, we have made-in-Iowa food here."Based on my encounters with Iowan food in China and experiences at the State Fair, I believe it is urgent to let Chinese consumers know: despite the international conflict, the culinary and agricultural exchanges between Iowan farmers and Chinese consumers remain strong and mutually beneficial.Load-Date: September 6, 2019End of Document

Potential Ways the U.S. Could Target Chinese ListingsRealMoneyOctober 2, 2019 Wednesday 10:30 AM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1339 wordsByline: Alex Frew McMillanHighlight: The White House has issued assurances that it is not about to delist Chinese companies from U.S. markets, but it wouldn't be a stretch to see state-owned enterprises come under fire.BodyMainland stock markets in China are closed all week in honor of the 70th birthday of the People's Republic of China on Oct. 1. Yes, a country with 3,000-plus years of history has turned 70. The Communist part, anyway...So mainland Chinese investors have not had a chance to respond to assurances out of the White House. The U.S. administration has walked back from reports that it may move to curb Chinese companies' access to the U.S. capital markets.Despite the denials, I have a sneaking suspicion these reports are on the mark, that there is discussion to that effect. So it is worth considering what form of curbs the U.S. government could impose on Chinese companies that are intent on accessing American money.The reports state that President Donald Trump's administration is considering delisting Chinese companies from U.S. exchanges. The Trump administration reportedly is also looking at limiting the ability of U.S. government pension funds to invest in Chinese companies. Its third line of attack would be to examine capping the inclusion of Chinese companies in stock indexes compiled by U.S. companies. MSCI would be of prime consideration there.Trump himself has "given the green light to the discussion," according to Bloomberg, which first reported the news. It's not clear how any of those three approaches would play out. The simplest (and most legal) target, if the U.S. government chooses to proceed, is to restrict how its own pension funds invest.Navarro cries 'fake news'White House trade adviser Peter Navarro on Monday dismissed the reports as "fake news." Navarro said on CNBC that he had scoured the Bloomberg report far more carefully than it was written. "Over half of it was highly inaccurate or simply flat-out false," Navarro said.Does that mean a little less than half was on the money? I've become accustomed to "fake news" turning out to be far more real than its detractors admit. A U.S. Treasury spokeswoman said the administration is not contemplating blocking Chinese companies from listing on U.S. stock exchanges "at this time."On Friday, e-commerce giants Alibaba Group Holding  saw its shares dip 5.2%, with rival JD.com  down 6.0%. Search-engine operator Baidu  fell 3.7%. All three rallied briefly on Monday but have yet to recover much of the lost ground.It's unlikely these private companies would or should be the main targets of U.S. ire, although they may be caught in the crossfire. The U.S. president shouldn't worry about whether Ms. Chan in Shanghai is getting her shipments of Olay hand cream and Chanel bags on Taobao.It's more likely that major state-owned enterprises (SOEs) or companies operating in sensitive industries such as telecommunications would be targeted. It is true that private businesses such as Alibaba operate according to the rules laid out to them by Beijing. But state-owned enterprises operate at Beijing's behest. In many cases, the company charter stipulates the Communist Party is the ultimate authority, above and beyond shareholders.So these SOEs are directly enriching the Communist Party and following central government directives. China hawks such as U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Florida), former economic adviser Steve Bannon and the hedge-fund manager Kyle Bass have been pushing for the United States to disentangle itself from the Chinese state apparatus.There's precedent for U.S. foreign policy to hit home in capital markets. The Russian company Rusal HK:0486, one of the world's largest manufacturers of aluminum, is listed here in Hong Kong. Its shares fell by half on April 9, 2018, when the Trump administration extended sanctions to it and 11 other companies controlled by seven Russian oligarchs.The Russians, as well as 17 senior members of the Russian government, and those companies were targeted for profiting from a nation engaged in "malign activities" around the world. Rusal shares then got a 9% bounce this January, when the company and other parts of the empire of tycoon Oleg Deripaska were taken off the sanctions list.Potential targetsI'm not sure we would see blanket sanctions on Chinese companies. That would be too disruptive. There are 156 companies with their primary listing on U.S. exchanges, with a collective market capitalization of US$1.2 trillion.But it would not be a stretch to see the United States take action to restrict pension fund and index investment into Sinopec  , for instance. With a full name of China Petroleum & Chemical Corp., Sinopec has listings in New York, Hong Kong and Shanghai, giving it a market capitalization of US$82.3 billion.Anhui Conch Cement  is at the center of a perfect storm. It is a state-owned enterprise; it benefits from and builds Beijing's infrastructure projects at home and abroad; it has a joint listing in the United States as well as Shanghai; and it is included in MSCI's China A shares indices.Watch out also for air carrier China Southern Airlines  , diesel engine maker Weichai Power  and China Construction Bank  . All three are state-owned enterprises with secondary U.S. listings that are included in the MSCI A share indices.ZTE Corp.  still has a U.S. listing, even though U.S. government entities are prohibited from buying equipment from the telecommunications maker. Mobile phone network operator China Mobile  has an New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing that could come under threat should the U.S. government target telecoms as a sensitive industry.State-owned enterprises such as the railway equipment maker CRRC Corp.  could be targeted because they benefit from China's global expansion plans, particularly the One Belt One Road initiative. The train carriage maker has already had an incredibly frustrating time after building a US$100 million factory in Chicago, which now basically has no work due to fears from federal and city government officials it will supply "spy trains."CHALCO, with a full name of the Aluminum Corp. of China  , is the eastern equivalent of Rusal. The state-owned enterprise is listed on the NYSE and in Hong Kong and Shanghai. It could also find itself a U.S. government target.A more generic concern is that Chinese companies, even those listed in the United States, do not always operate according to international accounting standards. A bipartisan group of U.S. lawmakers introduced a bill in June that stands a good chance of passing; it would force Chinese companies to allow oversight of their auditors, or provide full audits, with the penalty of delisting.Hong Kong would be the likely beneficiary if Chinese companies decamp from U.S. markets, voluntarily or by force. Alibaba has been considering a secondary listing in Hong Kong, already home to the primary listing of giants such as mobile gaming and WeChat operator Tencent Holdings  .China clamps downHere in Hong Kong, we are licking our wounds from Tuesday after the Hong Kong police shot a demonstrator, an 18-year-old high school kid, with a live round of ammunition for the very first time. The benchmark Hang Seng brushed that off; it closed down 0.2% on Wednesday afternoon, one of smallest movements on a down day in Asia.I marched, in a peaceful but unauthorized demonstration through the heart of Hong Kong island. There was street fighting later on at various points around the city. In case you're confused about what has been going on here in Hong Kong, there's  from The New York Times, which highlights all the major events.Basically, a free market is attempting to live and work as an "autonomous" part of an authoritarian country. Under President Xi Jinping, China has moved backward and become more dictatorial. The "emperor for life" has clamped down on freedoms and capital flows, built military outposts in the South China Sea, and says "no force can ever shake the status of China, or stop the Chinese people and nation from marching forward," as  , dressed in a Mao suit in front of the Gate of Heavenly Peace.This conflict between open governance and autocracy appears set to now play out in U.S. capital markets, sometime soon.Load-Date: October 3, 2019End of Document

Interview with Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta; Trade in Focus; Mayor Bill de Blasio Ends Presidential Campaign; U.S. Military, Homeland Security Explore Use of A.I.; Apple CEO Tim Cook Greets Customers at New York Apple Store; Interview with Peter Navarro on China TradeMORNINGS WITH MARIA MORNINGS WITH MARIA 7:00 AM ESTSeptember 20, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Fox Business Network LLC All Rights Reserved Section: NEWS; DomesticLength: 7822 wordsByline: Maria Bartiromo, Cheryl Casone, Susan LiGuests: Leon Panetta, Steve Moore, Matt Schlapp, Peter Navarro, Katharina McFarlandBodyMARIA BARTIROMO, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK ANCHOR: Welcome back. Good Friday morning, everybody. Thanks so much for joining us.I'm Maria Bartiromo coming to you live this morning from Washington, D.C.It is Friday, September 20th.Your top stories right now at 7:00 a.m. on the button on the East Coast.Markets are higher. Futures indicating we will end the week on a high note. S&P 500 needing to end the week up just 19 points to close at an all-time high. The Dow needs to be up about 265 points to be at another all-time high.Bottom line is, we're in record territory once again. Dow Industrials off of highs of the morning this morning, up 47 points. S&P up 4.5. Nasdaq futures up 17.This after a mixed day yesterday for the markets. Take a look at when all was said and done what happened at the close. Dow Industrials down 52. S&P was up a fraction, as was the Nasdaq.Global markets this morning look like this. European indices are actually higher across the board. FT 100 up 15 points quarter of a percent. CAC 40 in Paris up 22, and the DAX index in Germany up 18.And in Asia overnight -- markets were little changed. The People's Bank of China lowered its one year loan rate from 4.25 percent to 4.2 percent as the Chinese economy continues to slow and the government is providing stimulus.All those stories coming up this Friday morning.But first to our top story this hour. Fox News is reporting that unnamed defense officials are weighing whether to deploy more troops to the Middle East. This in the wake of the rising tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran.I sat down with former Defense Secretary and CIA director Leon Panetta in a "Fox Business Exclusive" to get his take on that and a lot more.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)BARTIROMO: Of course this attack on the Saudi oilfields, the administration said it is likely Iran. What's your reaction?LEON PANETTA, FORMER U.S. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE: Well, there's no question that, you know, if the evidence continues to show that Iran was behind this, that it does constitute what Secretary Pompeo called an act of war against Saudi Arabia.I think it is going to demand some kind of response, hopefully that the United States and Saudi Arabia can agree on.BARTIROMO: Yes, I mean, the act of war statement is obviously frightening. What kind of a response would you expect from the Saudis and more importantly from the United States?PANETTA: Well, that's why I think frankly as an ally Saudi Arabia and the United States ought to decide together on the response.Now, you know, as the President himself has mentioned, there are a lot of options here that have to be carefully considered. One of those is military. There's economic. There's diplomatic. There's cyber. There's a number of other options.With regards to the military option, the problem as we all know is that any time there's a military strike against Iran, just based on my own experience as secretary of defense, it was pretty clear that the Iranians would respond to that kind of strike by attacking our forces in the region. So we could see a war.And I don't think either the United States or Saudi Arabia wants to get into another Middle Eastern war. That leaves the sanctions, which the President has already indicated we're going to move on, increasing the sanctions. I think we can increase our military presence in the Gulf as well.I think we could take steps with regards to using cyber, that could paralyze some of the capabilities that Iran has.And I do think that it's important that we stress the diplomatic side as well.BARTIROMO: Yes. I think you make so many important points. The issue is, it doesn't feel like the Europeans are solidly on the side of the Americans. I mean look how much business has been done even after the sanctions went into place, right. The U.S. had to put waivers in place. The Europeans, in some corners, anyway, wanted to continue doing deals on oil and gasoline with Iran.PANETTA: Well, there's no question that the United States pulled out of the nuclear agreement, whether you agree or disagree with that, it obviously did cause some problems with the other countries that were involved in that deal and it created a lot of division here.And that's why I think it's important -- I think Secretary Pompeo understands this, that it's important to try to rebuild that coalition. I mean if the United States can pull a coalition together with Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Great Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China -- that would be a very powerful coalition to confront Iran.BARTIROMO: I spoke with the Vice President this week and Vice President Mike Pence seems to think that they're in a desperate position. Listen to this. I'd love to get your reaction.People are worried about Iran. Is the U.S. going to respond to Iran attacking the Saudi oilfields?MIKE PENCE, VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: The Iranian economy is literally collapsing and --BARTIROMO: But how does it not see?PENCE: And the activities in the region regarding oil tankers, their support for Houthis, their continued support for terrorism are all evidence of increasing desperation by the Iranians. And while the President said it's likely this attack actually originated in Iran, we're going to get to the facts and whatever action that President Trump determines is proper, the American people can be confident that we're going to defend our interest, we're going to defend our troops and we're going to defend our allies in the region.BARTIROMO: Do you agree, Secretary, that the impact on the economy is squeezing Iran?PANETTA: I don't think there's any question but that the increased sanctions have really impacted on the Iranian economy. The real question is whether the Iranians are fighting other ways to survive and going to other countries that then provide help in terms of allowing them to continue to survive. And I'm concerned that a lot of that has occurred.BARTIROMO: But while the administration is trying to isolate Iran, there's also a back and forth with China. I think they're also trying to get a coalition against bad behavior coming out of China.What is your reaction to this trade fight, spat, debate -- whatever you want to call it? We've got ministerial meetings this week and, of course, the higher level meetings coming early October. Do you think the U.S. and China can do a deal together?PANETTA: Well, we certainly hope so. I worry a great deal. I'm not a believer in trade wars. I think there aren't any winners when it comes to trade wars. And very frankly, if this is a prolonged trade war with China, I think it could damage our economy.So for that reason, I think it really is important to try to reach out to continue negotiations with China, to try to see if we can arrive at some kind of agreement. I think both China and the United States are hurting as a result of this trade war.I think the time has come to try to see if you can find some elements that can be part of a deal. Neither side is going to get everything they want.BARTIROMO: You know, certainly the markets, investor community want to see a deal which includes open access, market access into China so that American companies can sell to the 1.4 billion person population there and they also from the administrative standpoint want to see China buy more agricultural products, buy more stuff from the U.S.But it's so much bigger than that in terms of the theft of intellectual property, the forced transfer of technology, not to mention espionage issues. Would you agree that the President should take all of those things into consideration or do you think that this administration should do a deal just based on trade and market access and leave the national security issues for another time?PANETTA: Well, that's -- you know, that's really the challenging question right now. Look, in dealing with China and I've had to deal with China as secretary of defense and CIA director -- the best course of action in dealing with China is to have a dialogue. You need to be able to sit down and communicate and discuss and be able to see if you can find consensus.There are going to be differences here. We had differences with regards to security issues. We were very concerned about their militarizing the South China Sea. We were very concerned about their building up their military capabilities.But at the same time when we were negotiating, we were able to develop cooperative efforts in dealing with mutual challenges in the Pacific. I think the President has to do the same thing. You put everything on the table.But you have that dialogue and some of those pieces maybe too difficult to put into a deal. You can't hope for the moon here in which you're dealing with every issue of concern in dealing with China.What I would do is focus primarily on the business side and on the trade side to try to see whether or not you can arrive at some agreement and then keep the door open to further discussion on the issues that relate to national security.BARTIROMO: Yes. This is a battle of values at the end of the day, right? You're talking about a communist society versus a democracy. We know what China is doing right now in terms of using facial recognition, AI, tracking their citizens, giving their citizens a score at the end of the year.We know all about what you just mentioned, militarizing the South China Sea, not to mention they've got 250 million dead pigs -- diseased pigs that I'm told they're just throwing in the river.I mean, these issues are so different than the issues that America is proud of and focused on.What if there's no deal? Would you say that can't be done with the two largest economies? Is that a plan? Or an option?PANETTA: I don't think that is a plan.BARTIROMO: Ok.PANETTA: I think that would really produce even more chaos in terms of the world.BARTIROMO: So far markets are hoping for a deal. You haven't seen too much disruption and the markets have also not been disrupted by the debt.I want you to put your OMB hat back on for us and talk to us about this $22 trillion in debt and why we don't see any fiscal discipline in terms of spending.How do you think the two sides can get together? What's the solution to actual fiscal discipline, sir? Are you worried about the $22 trillion in debt?PANETTA: I worry a great deal about that. And that I think is one of the real dangers confronting our future in terms of our economy. CBO has said that, other reputable economists have said that we're headed towards a financial crisis if we don't begin to deal with that $22 trillion debt.BARTIROMO: Yes.PANETTA: Look, we faced deficits in the past when I was in Congress in the 80s and 90s. We faced the same kinds of challenges but there was a bipartisan effort with presidential leadership to sit down and develop budget agreements that put everything on the table -- everything on the table. And we negotiated those agreements and as a result of those agreements we balanced the federal budget.The problem today is neither side is really interested in sitting down and dealing with this challenge.BARTIROMO: Yes. But when you were in the Clinton administration, you were a moderate administration, really reaching across the aisle, trying to get the two sides together. We don't see a whole lot of that right now. What's your reaction to what's going on going into 2020? Are you hearing any moderate economic plans, moderate plans for the future on the Democrat side or is this setting 2020 up to be socialism versus capitalism?PANETTA: Well, look, our democracy is not going to work unless both sides are willing to deal with each other. That's the basis of our democracy. I mean our democracy is based on governing and governing is based on finding consensus.That's how we've survived for over 200 years. That's what our forefathers did. That's what leadership in this country has done for over 200 years. But it requires that both sides, the Democrats and the Republicans, recognize that they have a responsibility to govern our country. Right now, very frankly, Maria, Washington is dysfunctional.BARTIROMO: Right. Well, we're already seeing USMCA hang in the balance. NAFTA 2.0. What's your reaction to that?PANETTA: Well, I think that's another issue that the Congress should be acting on, try to get that trade agreement approved so that we can put it in place. I mean that would actually be a bit of good news for the economy if we could finally get some trade agreement approved by the Congress.But right now my concern is because of this dysfunction in Washington, neither side is willing to sit down and negotiate and govern and unless that happens, I think our democracy's going to be in trouble.BARTIROMO: Secretary -- it's good to have you on the program. Thanks so much for your insights.PANETTA: Nice to be with you -- Maria.BARTIROMO: We'll take a short break.When we come back, the rise of artificial intelligence, the future of America's front line of defense as the military begins exploring ways to ramp up AI.Then Apple's big debut, the tech giant's brand new iPhone 11 hits store shelves today. It's already drawing major crowds. We're going to take you there live to get a first look at the new phone.Back in a minute.BARTIROMO: Welcome back.The black face scandal surrounding Canada's prime minister is growing.Cheryl Casone with the details -- Cheryl.CHERYL CASONE, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: Well Maria -- Prime Minister Justin Trudeau apologized again yesterday after Canada's Global News released video showing him wearing that makeup. The video is the third instance of Trudeau seen in brown or black face since Wednesday night.The Liberal Party leader is blaming his privileged upbringing for making him blind to the effects of his actions. The scandal coming at the same time Trudeau is facing a tough bid for reelection in his country.Well, Colt is suspending production of the controversial AR-15 and other long rifles for civilian use. The gun maker says it believes there are enough rifles on the market for the foreseeable future. Colt says it will instead focus on military and law enforcement contracts.And then there is this -- a walkout, not at GMA. Amazon, more than a thousand workers are planning a protest saying that the company has not done enough to fight climate change. The workers want Amazon to cut emissions to zero by 2030.But Amazon isn't standing still on this issue. CEO Jeff Bezos said that company is going to buy 100,000 electric vans as part of its climate change initiative. They're going to start making those deliveries by 2021. And Maria -- as you can see, Amazon is up by more than three bucks in the premarket.And those are your headlines out of New York. Back to you.BARTIROMO: All right. Thank you so much -- Cheryl.Coming up, technology and our troops. The future of America's new front line of defense.Plus, how business is transforming amid the rise of artificial intelligence -- all coming up.Then say hello to iPhone 11. It officially hits store shelves today as devoted Apple fans are lining up outside major stores around the world. We're going to take you there live to get a first look. Back in a minute.BARTIROMO: Welcome back.Trade in focus of course. The U.S. offering tariff exemptions on more than 400 Chinese products. The list includes plastic straws, dog leashes, Christmas lights.So we're wondering if this means that the two sides are getting together a bit more.I sat down with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross yesterday and we talked about making a deal between the U.S. and China and whether the Chinese could separate issues of trade and national security.Watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: Can the President separate the national security issues from the trade issues as China wants?WILBUR ROSS, SECRETARY OF COMMERCE: If they aren't prepared to give on anything, we're not going to get anywhere.BARTIROMO: Right, right.ROSS: Remember, what we need is to correct the big imbalances, not just the current trade deficit, but also the structural imbalances, the impediments to market access, disrespect for intellectual property, forced technology transfers. So it's more complicated than just buying a few more soybeans.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And joining us right now is the assistant secretary of the Treasury for public affairs, Monica Crowley. Great to see you -- Monica.MONICA CROWLEY, ASST. SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS: Nice to see you too -- Maria.BARTIROMO: First time in this role for you with us. Thank you for joining us.CROWLEY: Yes. Yes, thank you. It is a great honor to support this president and his economic agenda, especially at Treasury under the very effective leadership of Secretary of Mnuchin.BARTIROMO: And I know Secretary Mnuchin has been working hard and long hours on this deal. Do you think we will get a deal between the U.S. and China?CROWLEY: Well, I think this president was elected to deal with intractable problems and for decades, China has been taking full advantage of the United States and finally now we have a president and an economic team including Secretary Mnuchin, Ambassador Lighthizer who are willing to stand up to China to deal with all of the issues that Secretary Ross and other economic principals have laid out.BARTIROMO: So do you agree we can't do a deal with just buying soybeans and more stuff. That it actually has to include national security and some of these other issues?CROWLEY: Well, I'm not going to get into the specifics of the negotiations -- Maria. But the President, Secretary Mnuchin, Ambassador Lighthizer -- they've all indicated that they're not interested in a limited deal with China. That the President has gone down this road for a reason and that is to deal with the fundamental structural challenges that China has put in place and really advantaged over the United States for many, many years.BARTIROMO: Yes. Steve -- I just feel like the President has been the one to educate us on really the bad behavior coming out of China. For him to walk back and say no, no, no, we're going to do a small deal now and a larger deal later, I can't see how he can do that.STEVE MOORE, "WALL STREET JOURNAL": Well, you know, I'm of two minds of this. Obviously, the President is fighting the right fight. I'm as totally in support of this epic battle with China.But look, I'm hoping for -- I would take a small deal at this point. I would love your reaction to this. I mean this isn't going to get resolved in the next year or two. I mean this is going to go on for years and years and years, this dispute with China.It just seems to me, Maria -- if he can get even a small deal, they're talking about maybe a temporary deal, that gets Trump over this hump on the economy.BARTIROMO: But we lose the leverage.MOORE: And then you use the -- no but then you've got --BARTIROMO: We lose all leverage.That's what they want, they want the tariffs off.MOORE: No. But then, then the economy booms, you get him reelected and then he spends the second term -- what do you think about that scenario -- Monica?CROWLEY: Well, the President and others whoa re involved in these negotiations have indicated the President is really not interested in any kind of limited deal. Many presidents, both parties have kicked this can down the road for a long time. The President chooses not to ignore what got China to be an industrial super power, which is illegal subsidies of state owned enterprises, forced technology transfers, intellectual property theft.He has not gone down this road just to get (INAUDIBLE).MOORE: So you're saying no -- you just -- you don't think there will be any temporary deal.CROWLEY: I'm not saying that. I'm not talking about the specifics of these negotiations. I'm just talking about what the President has indicated thus far.BARTIROMO: You just got back from Hong Kong.MATT SCHLAPP, AMERICAN CONSERVATIVE UNION: Right.BARTIROMO: What was that like? You've got 2 million people on the streets. Did that provide some pressure for Xi-Jinping? Is that helping President Trump and Steven Mnuchin.SCHLAPP: when you say 2 million people -- it's a third of the population. There is just an outcry, not just kids, not just students, not just young people. And the real question underneath all this relationship with China, at the end of the day, how is the human being treated under the communist regime and does America anymore care about human rights?And it's all playing in Hong Kong where, Maria, they believe that if the Hong Kong economy catches a cold, China will catch the flu and it could really cause change if they have economic hardship.BARTIROMO: Well, you wonder if all of that this is also sort of wrapped up in this conversation as well because there are real human rights offenses and real bad stuff going on in terms of tracking of citizens, et cetera.But I've got to get your take on 2020 while you're here -- Monica, because we have new Fox News poll numbers on the state of the economy, 43 percent of voters say that President Trump's policies are hurting the economy. That's up from 38 percent in May and it has to do with these trade issuesUSMCA hangs in the balance. Nancy Pelosi won't bring it to the floor. China, we don't know where that stands. Is that slowing the economy, are these uncertainties slowing the economy?CROWLEY: Well, we would hope that Speaker Pelosi would in fact, bring USMCA to the floor for a vote, we would hope that she would do the right thing by American workers, American manufacturing, American businesses, our farmers, our ranchers. They only businesses, farmers, ranchers, they all need this deal, they all want this deal.We are confident that if she were to bring it to the floor, that it would pass and that would be an extraordinary thing for American jobs, wages -- and the economyBARTIROMO: in the meantime, the uncertainly has some managers sitting on cash -- right. I mean you went from some managers are sitting on cash in the meantime. You went from 3.1 percent growth in the first quarter, 2.1 percent growth in the second quarter. Maybe there's hurt before there's gain?CROWLEY: Well, I think -- look, again, Again, this President was to be a disrupter and to deal with long-standing issues. And there has to be -- I think most American workers, certainly our framers understand we need to withstand some short-term pain in order to get these structural reforms done in China, to get the USMCA passed, so that our economy now is going to be on a level playing field and American jobs and workers will benefit.MOORE: Monica -- we all want the President to index capital gains for inflation. It's been a big issue. You're at the Treasury Department. What's the scuttlebutt on that? Can we get that done?(CROSSTALKING)CROWLEY: You've done amazing on that -- we've been making that argument for a long time, Steve. Continue to lobby for that.MOORE: Good.BARTIROMO: Ok. we will leave it there. Monica -- on that note -- great to see you.CROWLEY: Nice to see you too, Maria .BARTIROMO: Thanks so much for joining us. Monica Crowley this morning Treasury.Coming up, national security and artificial intelligence.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: That you're seeing around the world is people were saying AIs although they can use in a strategic advantages over the United States.And that's something that we are just starting to realize no in the United States it's a really good threat.That was the founder of Anderal Industries (ph), Palmer Luckey on the threat we face in the technology entrees for taking a closer look as a part of my upcoming special on AI, it is apart. It is Sunday night.Plus Apple's big debut the technology giant's brand new iPhone 11 hits store shelves today. You are looking live at the crowd in New York as they are treated to a visit by CEO Tim Cook as they're lined up waiting to buy the phone. We'll take you there live and get a first look.Back in a minute.There's Susan Li.BARTIROMO: Welcome back with this breaking news, Apple CEO Tim Cook arriving at the Apple Store in New York City moments ago. The new iPhone goes on sale today and we will take you there live later this hour. He went and talked to the crowds out there as they were waiting on line for the phone.Meanwhile, big tech is in the hot seat, Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg meeting with lawmakers on Capitol Hill today, discussing user data, privacy concerns, and a lot more. This, as the same firms are ramping up artificial intelligence research and development and the United States military is also exploring ways to use this technology.I sat down with cofounder of Oculus and A.I. entrepreneur Palmer Luckey to talk about it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: In the military, sending soldiers into a dangerous area you can do with A.I.PALMER LUCKEY, COFOUNDER, OCULUS: Most of what soldiers do is not actually fighting, it's peace keeping, it is strategy, it is intelligence gathering, it is the rebuilding of nations.What we want to do is let people do those things and not have to put people in harm's way whenever we can help it. A lot of people are concerned that A.I. is going to be making decisions for people, but that's not what's going to happen.The United States actually has a very strong history of rules on how they use autonomous weapons systems. This isn't a new idea (INAUDIBLE). We've had cruise missiles that can take out surface air missiles launchers for decades now. We have automated counter missile systems that fire entirely on their own with no human intervention.And we have really strong rules around how we use them, when a person is in the loop, how we handle the ethical problems. And that's something by the way, China and Russia do not have.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: And we are going to talk more about this artificial intelligence special that's coming out Sunday night.But first, we want to bring you some breaking news, Bill de Blasio is dropping out of the presidential race. We are just getting this news right now. Bill de Blasio, the mayor of New York is saying that he will drop out of 2020. Matt Schlapp, your reaction.SCHLAPP: Well, what this means is as this Democratic race thins and it's inevitable Maria, that it thins socialist supporters and candidates like de Blasio, it's going to move most likely to Elizabeth Warren, maybe a bit to Bernie Sanders. I think it's inevitable that Joe Biden continues to drop in these polls.MOORE: Do you think actually that Biden can't get the -- I mean, there's a big issue about whether Biden can ever get a majority of those voters?SCHLAPP: Biden started off -- he started off at his highest point, he's done nothing but come down.MOORE: I don't know about that.SCHLAPP: And if you look at the early states, he's already behind and de Blasio supporters are going to go to someone who's a true believer and not just someone who might be pretending of it and having trouble reading the cue cards along the way.BARTIROMO: Yes, I mean, look, there was not a lot of confidence that he would get to the top from the get-go. And there is a lot of criticism about his managing of New York as well.MOORE: Oh, he got a whole one percent of the Democratic base.BARTIROMO: Yes, that's right.MOORE: It wasn't much of a -- of a presidential run. But the big issue is exactly what you said. This is now looking potentially like a two person race, Elizabeth Warren versus Joe Biden.And are there more -- the issue is, are there more socialists in the Democratic Party than moderates?(CROSSTALK)BARTIROMO: We'll be taking Dagen in, she's in New York. Dagen, you called this one as well, Mayor de Blasio is ending his presidential campaign.MCDOWELL: Because he's a disaster, a giant walking disaster that even New Yorkers hate. And so again, blackout in New York and he's in Iowa.His support in the latest Fox News poll was less than one percent. And I would argue that him standing on the stage, again, he was not at the last debate, that his presence in the race hurt the socialists, would hurt a Warren or a Sanders, because New York City is a socialist city and he is a walking example of how socialist policies fail the most vulnerable, how they fail those who are most in need and how a politician who only cares about himself cannot manage what is essentially a giant welfare city.And I mean, welfare in the best way, whether it's homelessness, public housing, taking care of children in need, mental health, failure, failure, failure, failure. But he's not running for president anymore. Failing at that too.BARTIROMO: There is a crisis going on in our cities and New York is only going to get worse because as I have reported on this program, a big portion of the inmates at Rikers Island are going to be released, Rikers Island is going to be closed, this is Mayor de Blasio's plan.And right now you're seeing what's going on in San Francisco and L.A., Kevin McCarthy was here yesterday, the Minority Leader. He said that typhus and tuberculosis, these medieval diseases are coming back to L.A. because of the homelessness problem.MOORE: And do what Donald Trump is going to say is look, we've had socialism on trial, all right. It's New York. It's Milwaukee. It's Newark. It's Chicago where you know, murders and you didn't even mention, Dagen, the schools, the schools are horrible.So, you know, do we really want the United States to be more like Newark and Chicago?BARTIROMO: Exactly, we've got to move on you guys because we want to get that breaking news out but we are all in on artificial intelligence.Joining us right now is Artificial Intelligence National Security Commission Member, Katharina McFarland. And Katharina, it is great to have you on the program today. Thank you so much for joining us.KATHARINA MCFARLAND, MEMBER, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE NATIONAL SECURITY COMMISSION: Such a pleasure, thank you so much.BARTIROMO: You are also in the -- tell me what you do on your day job, in addition to being on this commission.MCFARLAND: I'm also able to be working with the National Academies of Science as their chair of the Army's research and development board and some other areas like the board of SAIC Science Applications International Corporation.BARTIROMO: So we know, I did -- and we're going to broadcast it on Sunday night. We did a one hour special on artificial intelligence and we know that A.I. is changing our lives for the better in many ways, getting ahead of disease for healthcare, helping in transportation. But it will mean the loss of jobs so that's part of the special.How is A.I. being used in the military and tell us about the ethical issues that have come around the implementation of A.I.?MCFARLAND: Well, A.I. is very new to all of our Department of Defense in the sense of how it's being able to be brought to the infrastructure because our infrastructure is quite old. You could trace that back, frankly, to the bottoms-up review that went down during the Clinton administration where we took about a third of our assets and resources out.So it's very difficult to really jump to the new age of artificial intelligence writ large but we need to because there are aspects of artificial intelligence that are going to be very important to our war fighters and that is to be able to unburden them to be able to focus on what they need to do.You could say artificial intelligence is augmented or accelerated intelligence. It allows for people to do things quicker, it allows to do to keep things more informed, more accurately. In fact, if you take a look at what artificial intelligence in our current use, this one's very narrow; it allows us to make ourselves more efficient and effective.BARTIROMO: You know, there are so many legs to this story and the whole reason that there's this commission that was set up, you are on this commission along with Eric Schmidt, along with people from Amazon, Microsoft, really important technology, it's because A.I. is so powerful that there's be -- it sparked a debate on how to implement it.MCFARLAND: Oh, absolutely.BARTIROMO: In an ethical way.MCFARLAND: Yes. Well, we are an ethical society. What we really need to worry about is our -- say, our competitive peers or adversaries may not be so value-oriented.So our ethical society will be always the programmers of what we do and our values will always be seen in what we do. One of the things that being on the board of SAIC does is that I see the industry side and they're very, very geared towards helping the military do their business better and this is an avenue where efficiency and effectivity and cost reductions can be brought to bear.People talk about the reduction in jobs but in fact, we're struggling to find enough people. We call it the war for talent, right. We're trying to get people can do this, have the flexible mind and understand how to implement this.BARTIROMO: Yes, you know what; you just hit on something when you said earlier about what our adversaries are doing because China is using A.I. in a very different way than America is. They are tracking their citizens, there's facial recognition has gotten really it's sparked a big debate. So is China ahead of us on the use of A.I.?MCFARLAND: I wouldn't say there are -- I would say in general they have more people focused on A.I., whether that means ahead or not, still a debate. I think in certain areas we still take the lead, particularly in the research and development, but we don't adapt it fast enough.BARTIROMO: Yes, you were just in Hong Kong. Did you see a lot of facial recognition cameras there?SCHLAPP: Oh, yes and this is what Beijing uses to crack down on people who are trying to protest against communism, against the human rights abuses. And I think we all have understand, we're in an arms race, a different kind of arms race with China and we -- we're the innovators. But we better get serious about what the struggle is all about.MCFARLAND: Well, China has integrated the military and civilian world. So any innovation that they realize in the economic areas of commercial application they take and adapt for the military.BARTIROMO: Which is why I have -- I'm scratching my head to understand why Google has an A.I. lab in Beijing. They walked away from the Pentagon contract and now they're working in China.MCFARLAND: I think a lot of its being informed. We've had a very negative narrative in this country about A.I., they talk Skynet. I can't help but wonder if that's not shaped, right. We have a free and public society where we consider everybody's freedom of speech, whether citizens or not to help shape our communication.So I think it's very important that we understand that our adversaries or our competitors or however we want to characterize, are in an economic and military battle with us.BARTIROMO: Do you think that jobs will be created as a result of this?MCFARLAND: Oh, absolutely.BARTIROMO: We don't know those jobs though yet, right?MCFARLAND: Right, so when we look at what we have, I'm going to use the SAIC as an example, we're very much attune to using artificial intelligence an apply those techniques to improving the efficiency and effectivity of our war fighters.And we are struggling to find that talent to be able to apply it and it's not a question of somebody not wanting to work. It's very challenging to find people who have those skills and we need more of them and we need to really look at education and how we have characterized education for decades and decades and maybe we need to broaden our aspects. Maybe it's not just a degree. There's other ways of bringing people to the table.Well, you know, a technical school, something that's somewhere in between high school and university and college that allows us to have a broader aspect and bring more people into our workforce.BARTIROMO: Really an important conversation. Thank you for your service and for being on this commission.MCFARLAND: Thank you so much for having us.BARTIROMO: Good to have you today. Katharina McFarland joining us.Be sure to join us on Sunday night for my special, Artificial Intelligence: The Coming Revolution, it airs Sunday night on Fox News at 08:00 p.m. Eastern. Please join us Sunday night.Thank you, Katharina.Meanwhile, there are lines around the block for the new iPhone on sale today. Fox Business' Susan Li is covering the story for us. She's outside the Apple store on Fifth Avenue in New York City where a very special guest has arrived. Good morning, Susan.SUSAN LI, FOX BUSINESS NETWORK CORRESPONDENT: That's right. Tim Cook just arrived along with Deirdre O'Brien who's the head of retail taking over for Angela Ahrendts.And take a look at the iPhone launch today and also the Apple flagship opening here on Fifth Avenue. You know, Maria, they say that iPhone launches are not what they used to be, but if you take a look at the line ups and the crowds here today, I would say this is a bit of a throwback. Some of these people have been here for hours and yes, they are here to pick up their new iPhone 11s, also their Apple Watch 5 Series and their new iPads as well.But you know, this flagship opening is a bit special. We had Tim Cook arriving and also because the store in particular has been closed since January 2017. So it's been almost three years that they haven't had access to this iconic, kind of like the Louvre and this is something that Steve Jobs really particularly wanted and this flagship store here on Fifth Avenue. So this is the first time that we've seen it in close to three years and we got a special sneak preview inside yesterday. Let me show you.This is the new Apple Fifth Avenue flagship. Yes, it closed in January 2017 but now it's reopened to the public and more people visit here than the Statue of Liberty. More than 57 million since 2007.So what's new about this? Well, take a look at the natural lights. There's more light here because we have 62 skylights. We are also lower in the ground by seven feet and this by the way is also where they're selling the new line-up of the iPhone 11s.Now, speaking of the iPhone 11, I got my hands on one of these brand-new phones and the buzz is that it has one of the best camera systems in the market on any smartphone, also longer battery life as well and the preorders have been pretty good. And Apple really needs it right now since we have seen slowing iPhone sales the past couple of quarters and they are shifting towards services but if you take a look around here, a lot of these are preorders. They're very interested still in the hardware. Maria, back to you.BARTIROMO: All right, Susan, great reporting. I can't wait to see that phone up close and personal. Susan Li in New York this morning.Coming up, the assistant to the president for Trade and Manufacturing Policy, Peter Navarro will join us here on set to give us an update on USMCA and those China talks. His take on the consequences of a no deal with China as talks between the world's two largest economies enter day two. Back in a minute.BARTIROMO: Welcome back. Simmering trade tensions, it is day two of a face-to-face talk between deputy trade negotiations from the United States and China. Here in Washington, D.C. negotiations coming ahead of the high level talks which are happening early October.A new Fox News poll shows that 45 percent of registered voters say that tariffs on imports from other countries hurt the U.S. economy. 31 percent say it helps and 12 percent say there is no difference.Joining me right now is the assistant to President Trump and the director of Office of Trade and Manufacturing Policy, Peter Navarro. Peter, it's good to see you.PETER NAVARRO, DIRECTOR, TRADE AND MANUFACTURING POLICY: Great to be here, Maria. Welcome to Washington.BARTIROMO: Thank you so much. We have a lot to talk about. It's not just China, we have to talk about USMCA as well.But first, a word on China. What are we going to learn from these guys being in -- being in Washington these next couple of days? What are you -- what's your best expectation?NAVARRO: So, the deputies coming in for two days. The big show is when the Liu He, the chief negotiator for China sits down with Bob Lighthizer sometime in the next couple weeks. I think the issue's going to be where the negotiations will start from. Will they start from where they left off when China reneged on 150 page deal or not. So let's -- those negotiations take place and hope for the best.BARTIROMO: So the president said that Americans are not paying for the tariffs.NAVARRO: That is absolutely correct.BARTIROMO: Is it? Because --NAVARRO: China is paying for the tariffs in three ways. They are cutting their prices, slashing their prices. They have just crushed their currency, it's down by almost 12 percent now. But the biggest part of the pain China is experiencing, and I don't think they understood this was going to happen, is that the supply chain is fleeing China right now and that is a long-term trend. I'm not even sure a deal is going to stop that unless it's a deal that they agree to soon because people are leaving China. Business people are leaving China because of a lot of things, high wages, the pollution, but also the fact that they don't want their technology taken by the Chinese government.BARTIROMO: Well, these are long-term things. You can't just overnight say I'm leaving China, going to Vietnam and then six months later say I'll go back to China. You know, I mean, once it starts, it starts, right?NAVARRO: That is correct, it's an irreversible trend and it -- and it takes place quicker for some than others. Some factories can leave in a matter of weeks, some it takes a lot longer but boy, they're leaving China fast.BARTIROMO: And yet Democratic presidential hopeful Senator Amy Klobuchar critical of the tariffs imposed on China, she said they have a great impact on our economy. I want to get your reaction to what she said in this last debate, watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Senator Klobuchar, you've actually supported the tariffs on steel.SEN. AMY KLOBUCHAR (D-MN), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: What we've got right now though, George, it's not a focused tariff on steel. What he has done here, he has assessed these tariffs on our allies, he has put us in the middle of this trade war and he is treating our farmers and our workers like poker chips in one of his bankrupt casinos. And if we are not careful, he is going to bankrupt this country. One forecast recently said it has already cost us 300,000 jobs.(END VIDEO CLIP)BARTIROMO: 300,000 jobs.NAVARRO: I love -- I love that quote. This is the Klobuchar new math. Remember the new math, right. Let's think about this, President Trump has created over six million jobs, he's created over half a million manufacturing jobs and we got the lowest unemployment rates for blacks, Hispanics, women, disabled and veterans. Where are those lost 300 jobs? They're not in Duluth, they love the tariffs in Duluth. They love them in the Mesabi Iron Range.I have been in Duluth, I've stood on the pier in Duluth. Watch an iron ore pellets go on ships, heading across the Great Lakes for the great steel knows of what used to be called the Rust Belt, it is now called the Trump Prosperity Belt.So that from Klobuchar, they need to get their act together. If they're claiming kind of job losses in this kind of economy, they're just dead wrong.BARTIROMO: Well, I mean, the broader point -- I don't know where she got her numbers. But the broader point is --NAVARRO: I know where she get, Mark Zandi of Moody's Analytics who was the Clinton clone during the campaign. I used to do battle with that guy all the time, along to set like this. Just totally bankrupt economics.I mean, think about that. They're saying we lost 300,000 jobs and we have the strongest economy and lowest unemployment rates in history, it's nonsense.BARTIROMO: The broader -- the broader issue is that things are slowing down, right. You've got 3.1 percent growth in the first quarter, 2.1 percent in the second quarter, the uncertainty over China and USMCA.NAVARRO: Thank you, Jay Powell. Thank you, Jay Powell. But I'll tell you what, USMCA -- let's think about this relative to China. We export five times more product to Mexico and Canada than we do to China. That's why this deal -- USMCA trade volume is twice that of China and Mexico or Canada is the largest trading partner for 44 states in America.So right there I'm looking at Capitol Hill, they need to put that USMCA on the floor and get it passed within the next 30 days because that will be a catastrophe for America if we don't get that passed.BARTIROMO: (INAUDIBLE) right now. Yesterday, Kevin McCarthy Minority Leader said if it doesn't get done by thanksgiving it's not getting done. What's plan B? What do you do? What if she doesn't bring it to the floor?NAVARRO: I'm not going -- I'm not going to plan B until plan A is off the table. I think everybody on Capitol Hill understands resolve of this president and this has to be something where we transcend politics. I believe Nancy Pelosi will do that. I've known Nancy Pelosi. I think on this issue she realizes that if she doesn't do the right thing, labor, corporations, farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, workers are all going to be hit in all 50 states.BARTIROMO: Does the American worker have a guarantee that they're going to make a good wage versus their Mexican counterparts who apparently are making $1.50 an hour?NAVARRO: So, the beauty of this -- Robert Lighthizer the USTR negotiated, created a beautiful vision for this. It's called domestic content rule. 75 percent of the domestic content of autos has to be within the USMCA zone but 40 to 45 percent has to have wages at least $16.00 an hour.So what that does, what it means that we'll get our fair share in Mexico, those jobs won't be going to the giant sucking sound south. Everybody wins, Mexico wins, Canada wins, we win. We become the global hub for manufacturing again. That's good. That's why this has to pass. That's why we need to stay focused right now on USMCA.BARTIROMO: Is that going to have a boost on the economy once it does pass, do you think?NAVARRO: It's a beautiful thing. It's a point of growth according to the International Trade Commission, its 75,000 auto jobs, hundreds of thousands of other jobs and we get two other things like digital which the old NAFTA didn't handle. (INAUDIBLE) We need to have NAFTA as dead Bill de Blasio's candidacy for presidency.BARTIROMO: All right, we will leave it there. Peter, it's good to see you.NAVARRO: All right.BARTIROMO: Thank you so much. Peter Navarro joining us.We'll take a break, when we come back we have breaking news this hour, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio as you just heard announcing he is dropping out of the 2020 presidential race. I'll sit down with Hawaii Congresswoman and 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Tulsi Gabbard next hour, MORNINGS WITH MARIA, right here, join us for that interview.Load-Date: September 20, 2019End of Document

China, Russia Spreading Surveillance Methods Around the WorldUSNEWS.comSeptember 20, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 U.S. News & World Report All Rights ReservedSection: CIVIC; Best Countries; Vol.; No.Length: 820 wordsByline: Sintia RaduHighlight: The two countries are the biggest exporters of surveillance models and are bound to collide on the international stage, new research shows.BodyFor years the number of countries using technology to monitor and track their citizens has been growing. China and            Russia have been the most active in applying the technologies; Beijing increasingly uses surveillance methods            within its own country, Moscow engages in extensive hacking of other countries' systems and both nations aggressively sell surveillance technology and training to foreign governments. Now newly released research shows that the two countries' approaches to spreading surveillance technologies are dissimilar and employ different resources and philosophies. Beijing's and Moscow's information control technologies have a global reach, according to a report by Valentin Weber, research affiliate at the Centre for Technology and Global Affairs at the University of Oxford. The impact can be seen in small island nations in the Caribbean, as well as in            India with its population of 1.3 billion. "While journalists from the Bahamas, Lesotho, and Peru participate in propaganda trainings in Beijing, Chinese surveillance gear is used in a military command in the East of            Brazil, and in            Jordan's House of Parliament," Weber writes in his research. "Russian surveillance equipment, for its part, is deployed in bordering countries like Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Ukraine as well as farther abroad in states like            Algeria,            Cuba,            Mexico, and            Palestine." The Chinese and the Russian surveillance models, while similar in scope, differ by method, says Weber, who also is an information controls fellow at the Open Technology Fund in Washington, D.C. China uses more advanced techniques while Russia relies on older strategies, Weber found. In 1995 the Russian government began laying the legal framework for extensive surveillance that includes intercepting calls and monitoring the internet, social media and Wi-Fi, according to Weber. Those laws also regulate blogging and encryption and require data storage to be based in Russia. [MORE:China, Russia Rank High for Power in Global Survey]The Russian government has paid less attention to censorship than China, failing to establish domestic media substitutes to foreign outlets, according to Weber. Moscow still allows foreign apps, social media platforms and search engines. And while Russian authorities conduct online filtering, it is less pervasive than in China, Weber found. "Russians don't have as many options for technological surveillance so they rely mostly on traditional methods of controlling their population through intimidation or passing laws to intimidate people or by extensive (harassing) of journalists," Weber said in an interview. China, by contrast, is leveraging its technological expansion around the world by building and adapting tech tools for surveilling its own population and exporting those models abroad. Citizens, including children, are monitored through apps, facial recognition cameras and other technologies. Beijing also engages in dispelling information critical of the regime and or tied to controversial subjects; separate research in 2016 found the government actively posts on social media to steer public attention. Both countries export their information control models abroad through the selling of technology and training programs. The type of regime and the amount of interconnectedness between countries are the primary determinants in where Beijing and Moscow spread their information controls around the world, Weber says. For example: [SURVEY:China, Russia Seen as Not Caring About Human Rights]Countries under the Russian technosphere include Comoros, Lithuania, the Maldives, Nepal, Palestine, Yemen and Nicaragua. Countries under the heaviest Chinese influence are Malaysia, Venezuela, Tanzania, Zimbabwe, Uganda, Zambia,            Iran and            Egypt. Overlapping Chinese and Russian influence are taking place in Cuba, Mexico, India, Algeria, Azerbaijan, Ukraine,            Belarus,            Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan,            Colombia,            Saudi Arabia,            Ecuador,            Thailand,            Turkey, Tajikistan,            Singapore, the            United States, Moldova and Turkmenistan. Earlier this week, China and Russia agreed to push for more cooperation in scientific and technological innovation and expand trade ties. Yet Weber says the more the two countries' global influence grows, the less they'll cooperate with each other. "In Central Asia, China has a stronger footprint especially in the selling of surveillance," he said in an interview. "Economically Russia will become uncomfortable with that and I think that's when they will start colliding." Sintia Radu covers international affairs and technology for U.S. News & World Report. You can follow her on Twitter            @sintiaradu and send her suggestions and ideas at sradu@usnews.comGraphic Picture, A protester covers a security camera outside the Chinese government's liaison office in Hong Kong after taking part in an anti-extradition bill march on July 21, 2019., (Chris McGrath/Getty Images)Load-Date: September 23, 2019End of Document

DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL ADAM S. HICKEY TESTIFIES BEFORE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AT HEARING TITLED "SECURING AMERICA'S ELECTIONS PART II: OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT AGENCIES"States News ServiceOctober 22, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 4043 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyThe following information was released by the U.S. Department of Justice:Washington, DCUnited States~Tuesday, October 22, 2019Good morning, Chairman Nadler, Ranking Member Collins, and distinguished Members of the Committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify on behalf of the Department of Justice concerning our efforts to ensure the safety and security of our nation's elections and to combat malign foreign influence.Protecting our Nation's democratic processes, including our elections, is among the Department's top priorities, and malign foreign influence operations targeting those processes are among the most pressing threats our Nation faces. The Department appreciates the Committee's interest in making sure that we have the tools we need to target those who may seek to do us harm by interfering in our elections.As I describe below, the Department's principal role in combatting election interference is the investigation and prosecution of Federal crimes, but our investigations can yield more than criminal charges to protect national security. Malign foreign influence efforts extend beyond efforts to interfere with elections, and they require more than law enforcement responses alone. I will cover three areas in my testimony today. First, I will describe what we mean by the term "malign foreign influence operations" and provide examples of operations we have observed in the past. Second, I will discuss how the Department has categorized recent malign foreign influence operations targeting our elections. Third, I will explain how the Department is responding to those operations and how our efforts fit within the "whole of society" approach that is necessary to defeat malign foreign influence operations.I. Background on Malign Foreign Influence OperationsFor these purposes, malign foreign influence operations include covert actions by foreign governments intended to affect U.S. political sentiment and public discourse, sow divisions in our society, or undermine confidence in our democratic institutions to achieve strategic objectives.Malign foreign influence operations aimed at the United States are not a new problem. These efforts have taken many forms across the decades, from covertly funding newspapers and forging internal government communications to more recently creating and operating false U.S. personas on Internet sites designed to attract U.S. audiences and spread divisive messages. The nature of the problem, howeverand how the U.S. government must combat itare changing as advances in technology allow foreign actors to reach unprecedented numbers of Americans covertly and without setting foot on U.S. soil. Fabricated news stories and sensational headlines like those sometimes found on social media platforms are just the latest iteration of a practice foreign adversaries have long employed in an effort to discredit and undermine individuals or organizations in the United States. Although the tactics have evolved, the goals of these activities remain the same: to spread disinformation and to sow discord on a mass scale in order to weaken the U.S. democratic process, and ultimately to undermine the appeal of democracy itself.As one deliberate component of this strategy, malign foreign influence operations have targeted U.S. elections. Indeed, elections are a particularly attractive target for malign foreign influence campaigns, because they provide an opportunity to undermine confidence in a core element of our democracy: the process by which we select our leaders. As explained in the January 2017 report by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) addressing Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Russia has had a "longstanding desire to undermine the U.S.-led liberal democratic order," and that nation's recent election-focused "activities demonstrated a significant escalation in directness, level of activity, and scope of effort compared to previous operations." Russia's malign foreign influence campaign, according to ODNI, "followed a Russian messaging strategy that blends covert intelligence operationssuch as cyber activitywith overt efforts by Russian Government agencies, state funded media, third-party intermediaries, and paid social media users or 'trolls.'"Russia's malign foreign influence campaign did not end with the 2016 election. On the eve of the 2018 midterm election, ODNI, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) informed the public: "Americans should be aware that foreign actorsand Russia in particularcontinue to try to influence public sentiment and voter perceptions through actions intended to sow discord. They can do this by spreading false information about political processes and candidates, lying about their own interference activities, disseminating propaganda on social media, and through other tactics." After the election, the Director of National Intelligence confirmed: "Russia, and other foreign countries, including China and Iran, conducted influence activities and messaging campaigns targeted at the United States to promote their strategic interests." Last month, the Department of the Treasury sanctioned Russian actors who "used fictitious personas on social media and disseminated false information in an effort to attempt to influence the 2018 U.S. midterm elections and try to undermine faith in U.S. democratic institutions." Importantly, however, the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security jointly concluded that "there is no evidence to date that any identified activities of a foreign government or foreign agent had a material impact on the integrity or security of election infrastructure or political/campaign infrastructure used in the 2018 midterm elections for the United States Congress."Malign foreign influence operations are not limited to elections and voter perceptions. They also attempt to influence public policy, including by leveraging businessmen, exploiting credible surrogates like law firms, using media organizations, and targeting student organizations and funding on our college campuses. China, in particular, has been working to influence American public opinion in its favor. As the Vice President said last October, quoting the Intelligence Community (IC): "China is targeting U.S. state and local governments and officials to exploit any divisions between federal and local levels on policy. It's using wedge issues, like trade tariffs, to advance Beijing's political influence." The Department remains "concerned that Beijing may use its economic leverage over businesses to covertly influence American policy, may covertly influence student groups on campus to monitor or retaliate against fellow students, or may exercise undisclosed control over media organizations in the United States." Malign foreign influence operations, from any adversary, require a strong response.II. Types of Foreign Influence OperationsTo help identify how the Department can more effectively accomplish its mission in this vital and evolving area, the Department drafted an analysis of the types of foreign influences that can target democratic and electoral processes as well as the Department's responses to counter them. That analysis is included in the first chapter of the Report of the Attorney General's Cyber-Digital Task Force, released in July 2018. It includes a framework for categorizing the types of foreign influence activity our adversaries could engage in:1. Cyber operations targeting election infrastructure . Such operations could seek to undermine the integrity or availability of election-related data. For example, adversaries could employ cyber-enabled or other means to target election infrastructure, such as voter registration databases and voting machines. Operations aimed at removing otherwise eligible voters from the rolls or attempting to manipulate the results of an election (or even just disinformation suggesting that such manipulation has occurred) could undermine the integrity and legitimacy of elections, as well as public confidence in election results. To our knowledge, no foreign government has succeeded in perpetrating ballot fraud, but raising even the doubt that it has occurred could be damaging.2. Cyber operations targeting political organizations, campaigns, and public officials. These operations could seek to compromise the confidentiality of private information of the targeted groups or individuals, as well as its integrity. For example, adversaries could conduct cyber or other operations against U.S. political organizations and campaigns to steal confidential information and use that information, or alterations thereof, to discredit or embarrass candidates, undermine political organizations, or impugn the integrity of public officials.3. Covert influence operations to assist or harm political organizations, campaigns, and public officials. For example, adversaries could conduct covert influence operations to provide assistance that is prohibited from foreign sources to political organizations, campaigns, and government officials. These intelligence operations might involve covert offers of financial, logistical, or other campaign support to, or covert attempts to influence the policies or positions of, unwitting politicians, party leaders, campaign officials, or even the public.4. Covert influence operations, including disinformation operations, to influence public opinion and sow division . Using false U.S. personas, adversaries could covertly create and operate social media pages and other forums designed to attract U.S. audiences and spread disinformation or divisive messages. These messages need not relate directly to campaigns. They may seek to depress voter turnout among particular groups, encourage third-party voting, or convince the public of widespread voter fraud in order to undermine confidence in election results.5. Overt influence efforts, such as the use of foreign media outlets or other organizations to influence policymakers and the public . For example, adversaries could use state-owned or state-influenced media outlets to reach U.S. policymakers or the public. Governments can disguise these outlets as independent, while using them to promote divisive narratives and political objectives.III. The Department of Justice's Role in Addressing Malign Foreign Influence OperationsThe Department of Justice, including the FBI, has a significant role in investigating and disrupting foreign government activity inside the United States that threatens U.S. national security. Through our own authorities and in close coordination with our partner Departments and agencies, the Department can act against threats posed by malign foreign influence operations in several ways.First, as an intelligence-driven organization and member of the IC, the FBI can pursue tips and leads, including from classified information, to identify, investigate, and disrupt illegal foreign influence activities. With both law enforcement and intelligence authorities, the FBI is the lead Federal agency responsible for investigating foreign influence operations. The FBI also works closely with its IC partners, as well as the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), to detect and disrupt cyber threats to election infrastructure, including by monitoring real-time election incidents and providing real-time reporting.Second, the Department assists election officials, other public officials, candidates, and social media companies in hardening their own networks, products, and platforms against malign foreign influence operations. For example, the FBI, DHS, and ODNI have developed joint briefingsto provide officials and candidates with steps they can undertake to mitigate such threats, and the FBI has developed a "Protected Voices" online initiative to raise their awareness about the best ways to fend off possible attempts to infiltrate their infrastructure. In conducting these efforts, we are mindful that States and localities are primarily responsible for administering federal elections under Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution, and we are committed to avoiding any interference with their lawful processes. Further, primarily through the FBI, the Department maintains strategic relationships with social media providers, which are responsible for securing their own products, platforms, and services from malign foreign influence threats. By sharing information with them, the FBI can help providers with their own initiatives to track malign foreign influence activity, to enforce terms of service that prohibit the use of their platforms for such activities, and to refer identified malign foreign influence operations back to the FBI. (This approach is similar to the Department's approach in working with social media providers to address terrorists' use of social media.)Third, the Department identifies and exposes foreign influence operations through the National Security Division's enforcement of the Foreign Agents Registration Act, 22 U.S.C. 611 et seq. (FARA), among other statutes. FARA helps to ensure transparency in the activities of foreign entities and individuals, and makes it more difficult for those entities and individuals to hide their role in activities occurring in the United States. It requires persons who engage in certain conduct as agents of foreign principals to register with the Department and to file periodic reports thereafter. The filings must disclose all aspects of the agent's relationship with the foreign principal, including activities by the agent within the United States on behalf of the foreign principal. FARA's purpose is to ensure that the American public and our lawmakers know the source of information that is provided at the behest of a foreign principal, where that information may be intended to influence U.S. public opinion, policy, and laws. The statute enhances the public's and the government's ability to evaluate such information.While the Department has always enforced FARA, we have recently stepped up enforcement efforts, including by educating prosecutors nationwide about the importance of the statute, expanding our outreach to individuals and entities who may be obligated to register, and raising public awareness. In 2018 alone, more than 20 individuals and entities were criminally charged with violations involving FARAmore than the total number charged in the prior 50 years. The increased enforcement efforts also include the use of civil enforcement actions, which the Department used for the first time since 1991 to obtain a court order in May 2019 requiring a U.S. agent of a Russian state-owned media enterprise to register. The Department's efforts have resulted in the registrations of multiple foreign-media entities that had not fulfilled their FARA obligations, including the U.S. agents of Russian state-funded media networks RT and Sputnik and of China's state-controlled television network, CGTN. At current rates, the Department is on track to double the number of new registrants and new foreign principals registering annually as of 2016. The Department has likewise increased the number of inspections of existing registrants, to audit compliance with their record-keeping and reporting obligations, by more than 30 percent compared to prior years. Moreover, the Department has adopted a new online system for filing, reviewing, and searching registrations to facilitate compliance with FARA, enhance public access to FARA registrations, and make information on foreign political activities more transparent. Optical character recognition technology has rendered online historical filings text-searchable and permits bulk download of results for analysis. We continually seek to improve the efficiency, transparency, and utility of the FARA website to the extent possible in light of technology and funding.Increased FARA enforcement and transparency is also a critical prong of the Department's China Initiative. Under the Initiative, the Department educates American colleges and universities about potential threats to academic freedom and open discourse from covert Chinese malign influence efforts, raises awareness among the business community that acting as an agent of the Chinese government could trigger obligations to register under FARA, and continues to evaluate whether foreign media organizations operating under the editorial direction or control of a foreign government are complying with FARA.Fourth, the Department's investigations may expose conduct that warrants criminal charges. Foreign influence operations, though not always illegal, can implicate several U.S. Federal criminal statutes. For example, FARA includes a criminal penalty for willful violations, 22 U.S.C. 618, and another statute, 18 U.S.C. 951, prohibits agents of foreign governments from acting in the United States without prior notification to the Attorney General. Criminal charges uphold the Constitution's prescription that the President "shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed," U.S. Const. art. II, 3, pursue justice, and deter similar conduct in the future. We work with other nations to obtain custody of foreign defendants whenever possible, and those who seek to avoid justice in U.S. courts will find their freedom of travel significantly restricted. Criminal charges also provide the public with information about the activities of foreign actors we seek to hold accountable and raise awareness of the threats we face.For example, in July 2018, a Russian national named Mariia Butina was charged with conspiring to act as a Russian agent within the United States by taking direction from the Russian government to develop backchannels of communication with Americans in an effort to influence them for Russia's eventual advantage. She pleaded guilty and, in April 2019, was sentenced to 18 months in prison. And in September 2018, the Department filed a criminal complaint against Elan Alekseevna Khusyaynova, who is alleged to have been the chief accountant for the Internet Research Agency's Project Lakhta, a Russian malign influence operation that included efforts to influence the 2018 midterm election. The complaint alleged that the operation's goal was to sow division and discord in the U.S. political system, including by influencing the 2018 midterm election through "information warfare against the United States" conducted through fictitious U.S. personas on social media platforms and other Internet-based media. Over the last two years, the Department has brought several other cases against Russian actors exposing malign influence activities.The Department's efforts in this regard are not limited to malign influence activities targeting elections. In October 2018, seven Russian officers in the GRU were indicted on computer hacking and other charges related to a Russian malign influence effort designed to undermine, retaliate against, and otherwise delegitimize the efforts of international anti-doping organizations and officials who had publicly exposed a Russian state-sponsored athlete doping program and to damage the reputations of athletes around the world. See Department of Justice, U.S. Charges Russian GRU Officers with International Hacking and Related Influence and Disinformation Operations (Oct. 4, 2018), available at: https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/us.Fifth, the Department's investigations can support the actions of other U.S. government agencies using diplomatic, intelligence, military, and economic tools. For example, in several recent cases, the Secretary of the Treasury has imposed financial sanctions on defendants abroad under executive orders that authorize the imposition of sanctions for malicious cyber-enabled activity or for election interference.20 Treasury's action blocked all property and interests in property of the designated persons subject to U.S. jurisdiction and prohibited U.S. persons from engaging in transactions with the sanctioned individuals. The Department has also worked with ODNI, DHS, and other Federal partners to carry out its responsibilities under Executive Order 13848, Imposing Certain Sanctions in the Event of Foreign Interference in a United States Election (Sept. 12, 2018). Pursuant to that Executive Order, the FBI provided information to support ODNI's classified assessment to the President of any information indicating that a foreign government, or any person acting as an agent of or on behalf of a foreign government, acted with the intent or purpose of interfering in the 2018 midterm election. Subsequently, on Feb. 4, 2019, the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security submitted their own classified joint report to the President evaluating the impact of foreign activities identified in ODNI's assessment on the security or integrity of election infrastructure or the infrastructure of political organizations, campaigns, or candidates used in the 2018 midterm election (referenced above).Finally, in appropriate cases, information gathered during our investigations can be usedeither by the Department or in coordination with our U.S. government partnersto alert targets, other affected individuals, and the public to malign foreign influence activities. Victim notifications, defensive counterintelligence briefings, and public safety announcements are traditional Department activities, but they must be conducted with particular sensitivity in the context of foreign influence and elections. In many circumstances, exposing foreign interference operations can be an important means of rendering them less effective and maintaining confidence in our democratic processes and institutions. In some circumstances, however, exposure can be counterproductive or otherwise imprudent, for example, if it may amplify an operation or create undue public alarm, harm, or confusion. Given the countervailing considerations, the Department has adopted a policy for evaluating whether to disclose malign foreign influence activities. The policy recognizes that exposing such activity may play an important role in mitigating the effect of malign foreign influence efforts, provides relevant factors for consideration, and requires that partisan political considerations must play no role in efforts to disclose malign foreign influence activities.In taking these actions, we are alert to ways in which current law may benefit from reform. By providing ready access to the American public and policymakers from abroad, the Internet makes it easier for foreign governments to evade restrictions on undeclared activities in the United States and mask their identities while reaching an intended audience. We welcome the opportunity to work with Congress to combat malign foreign influence operations, including those aimed at our elections, by clarifying or expanding our laws to provide new tools or sharpen existing ones, if appropriate.IV. ConclusionThe nature of malign foreign influence operations will continue to change as technology and our foreign adversaries' tactics continue to change. Our adversaries will persist in seeking to exploit the diversity and richness of today's information space, and the tactics and technology they employ will continue to evolve.The Department plays an important role in combating foreign efforts to interfere in our elections. At the same time, it cannot and should not attempt to address the problem alone. There are limits to the Department's roleand the role of the U.S. government more broadly in addressing malign foreign influence operations aimed at sowing discord and undermining our institutions. Combating malign foreign influence operations requires a "whole of society" approach that relies on coordinated actions by Federal, State, and local government agencies; support from the private sector; and the active engagement of an informed public.I want to thank the Committee again for providing me this opportunity to discuss these important issues on behalf of the Department. We look forward to continuing to work with Congress to improve our ability to respond to this threat. I am happy to answer any questions you may have.Load-Date: October 22, 2019End of Document

Trade war squeaks sharpens: US delivers on promise to raise tariffs on Chinese importsCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 1, 2019 SundayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 588 wordsBodyThe United States has complied with its promised tariff increase on Chinese imports and has now applied a 15% levy, five percentage points more than it originally announced, to Chinese imports worth $112 billion.The measure entered into force at 00.01 local (04.01 GMT) this Sunday, September 1, according to the Office of the Representative of Foreign Trade of the United States.These tariffs affect Chinese goods such as clothing, footwear and school supplies, but also foods such as condensed milk, cheeses, vegetables and fruit, or gadgets such as sewing machines, as detailed in the 122-page list published by the authorities American.On August 24, President Donald Trump announced that he would raise tariffs on a substantial portion of Chinese imports on September 1, 10%, and 15%, in retaliation for US property levies imposed by Beijing.The representative reported that day of two tariff hikes he had previously announced: "As of October 1, the $250 billion of goods and products from China that are currently (at the time) taxed at 25%, will be taxed 30 percent," Trump said.In addition, it anticipated that as of September 1, some of the package ($112 billion) of Chinese imports worth $300 billion was to be taxed at 10% would be taxed at 15%.By December 15, the same increase is expected to apply to the rest of those $300 billion of Chinese goods, which would be about $160 billion, and will impact on products such as mobile phones, laptops, video game consoles and certain toys.With this conflict, Trump has set a goal of balancing trade between the two countries, broadly favorable to China, but so far and despite the imposition of tariffs, it has had little or no results.Researcher Chad Bown, of the Peterson Institute School of Studies, noted in a recent report that "the purpose and the next step in Trump's trade war remain unknown."The expert noted that with Sunday's rise in tariffs, the percentage of Chinese imports to the US affected by tariffs is 68.5% and will reach 96.8% on December 15.According to Bown, if the scheduled tariff increases run their course, "virtually all imports of China into all sectors will be fully covered (by tariffs) by 15 December."Washington imposed the measures that came into force today after the Chinese government complied with its threats and announced in mid-August the imposition of tariffs on US property worth $75 billion, in response also to other levies previous Americans.Still, China's state-owned television CGTN today said negotiating teams from both powers plan to meet earlier this month in the US to try to reach an agreement that satisfies both sides.In this regard, China's Ministry of Commerce lamented that Washington's new round of levies is not the best environment for trade negotiations.Chinese Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Asian country's negotiating delegation, Liu He, said this week that he was "firmly opposed to an upsurge in trade war" and preferring "quiet negotiations."Trade tensions between the world's two largest economies, unleashed after Trump's arrival in the White House in 2017, go beyond bilateral relations and have profound global consequences.In its latest forecastsgrowth, reported in July, the International Monetary Fund downgraded its global expansion projections to 3.2% this year, one-tenth less than in April slammed by doubts about the possible resolution of this dispute.Entry The Trade War Sharpens: The US delivers on its promise to raise tariffs on Chinese imports was first published in The Third.Load-Date: September 2, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 16, 2019 Wednesday 5:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 24688 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 16-Oct-19 17:00 ET16:56CATY Cathay Bancorp beats by $0.03 (34.85 -0.12)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.91 per share, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.88. Total loans, including loans held for sale, increased $171.8 million, or 4.9% annualized, to $14.8 billion for the quarter.16:36KURA Kura Oncology announces upcoming presentation of tipifarnib trial data (14.71 +0.26)An abstract related to the company's Phase 2 clinical trial of tipifarnib in HRAS mutant head and neck squamous cell carcinomas has been accepted for presentation at the upcoming AACR-NCI-EORTC International Conference on Molecular Targets and Cancer Therapeutics, which will be held from October 26-30 in Boston. The abstract has been selected as a newsworthy candidate for the meeting's official press program and will be embargoed until 11:00 a.m. ET on Friday, October 25.16:33DPLO Diplomat Pharmacy completes sale of certain assets of Envoy Health Management, LLC; terms not disclosed (4.81 +0.12)Diplomat Pharmacy announces that, effective today, it has completed the sale of certain assets of Envoy Health Management, LLC to Diligent Health Solutions, LLC, a multifaceted healthcare communication center. Financial details and additional terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Diplomat is retaining a portion of the Envoy Health Management operations, specifically the portion operated out of the Flint, Michigan location, which will continue to specialize in digital therapeutics and pharmaceutical services.16:23CXP Columbia Property Trust to acquire Normandy Real Estate Management, LLC in transaction valued at approx. $100 mln (20.30 +0.02)Columbia Property Trust has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Normandy Real Estate Management, LLC, a developer, operator, and investment manager of office and mixed-use assets in New York, Boston, and Washington, D.C. Columbia will acquire Normandy's operating platform and its general partner interests in three active management funds in a cash and stock transaction with a total value of approx. $100 mln, exclusive of transaction and closing costs. This consideration will consist of $13.5 mln in cash and approx. $86.5 mln in convertible preferred units, issued at a strike price of $26.50 per share. The transaction is expected to close by year-end 2019. Columbia expects the fee streams from Normandy's management businesses to be accretive to 2020 Normalized Funds from Operations and expects to realize longer-term benefits through operational synergies and greater scale.16:23CCI Crown Castle beats by $0.06, beats on revs; tweaks FY19 FFO; guides FY20 FFO in-line (134.69 +0.04)Reports Q3 (Sep) funds from operations of $1.49 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.43; revenues rose 10.1% year/year to $1.51 bln vs the $1.48 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Site rental rev +6%.Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, sees FFO of $5.65-5.72 from $5.66-5.73 vs. $5.73 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees FFO of $5.99-6.09 vs. $6.07 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Crown Castle's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.20 per common share, representing an increase of ~7% over the previous quarterly dividend of $1.125 per share. "In 2019, we are experiencing the highest level of tower leasing activity in more than a decade, and we expect to generate a similar level of new leasing activity from towers in 2020 as our customers deploy additional cell sites and spectrum in response to the rapid growth in mobile data traffic. Additionally, we are constructing small cells for our customers as they invest in their current networks while beginning the early stages of 5G deployments, and we expect to deploy a similar volume of small cells in 2020 as we are deploying in 2019. With the positive momentum we continue to see in our Towers and Fiber segments, we remain focused on investing in our business to generate future growth while delivering dividend per share growth of 7% to 8% per year."16:22UMPQ Umpqua Holdings beats by $0.01 (15.97 -0.01)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.38 per share, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.37.Net interest income increased by $1.8 million on a quarter to quarter basis primarily driven by higher average balances of loans and leases along with a lower level of premium amortization for residential mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, partially offset by lower average yields on loans and leases;Net interest margin was 3.63% for the third quarter of 2019, down seven basis points from 3.70% for the second quarter of 2019 primarily driven by the decrease in short-term interest rates during the quarter.16:20AA Alcoa misses by $0.16, reports revs in-line; announces multi-year portfolio review to drive lower costs; intends to pursue non-core asset sales (19.16 -0.29)Reports Q3 (Sep) loss of $(0.44) per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.16 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of ($0.28); revenues fell 24.3% year/year to $2.57 bln vs the $2.58 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Co reports Q3 adjusted EBITDA of $388 mln vs consensus of $369 mln. This results is down $67 mln from the prior quarter, primarily due to lower alumina pricing that was partially offset by higher alumina sales volume and lower production costs.Co says a new operating model, which goes into effect on November 1, 2019, will result in a leaner corporate structure, with operations more closely connected to leadership, through elimination of the co's business unit structure and consolidation of sales, procurement and other commercial capabilities at an enterprise level.In addition to reporting quarterly results, co also announces a multi-year portfolio review to drive lower costs and sustainable profitability. Over the next 12-18 months, Alcoa intends to pursue non-core asset sales expected to generate an estimated $500 mln to $1 bln in net proceeds. Co estimates approx $50-100 mln in reduced adjusted EBITDA due to such asset sales. Over the next five years, Alcoa plans to realign its operating portfolio, and has placed under review 1.5 mln metric tons of smelting capacity and 4 mln metric tons of alumina refining capacity. The review will consider opportunities for significant improvement, potential curtailments, closures or divestitures.Alcoa refines strategic priorities, co has updated Strengthen the Balance Sheet to Advance Sustainably. This priority encompasses both financial sustainability through balance sheet improvements and portfolio transformation.For full-year 2019, Alcoa continues to project a global aluminum deficit, ranging between 800 thousand and 1.2 million metric tons, down slightly from the previous quarter's estimate of a deficit between 1.0 million and 1.4 million metric tons.16:19CNXM CNX Midstream Partners increases quarterly cash distribution to $0.4001/unit from $0.3865/unit (12.98 -0.05)16:19EGBN Eagle Bancorp beats by $0.01, beats on revs (42.62 0.00)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.07 per share, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.06; revenues rose 0.5% year/year to $87.3 mln vs the $81.08 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.The net interest margin ("NIM") in the third quarter of 2019 was 3.72% as compared to 3.91% in the second quarter of 2019 and 4.14% for the third quarter of 2018.Net interest income decreased less than 1% for the three months ended September 30, 2019 from the same period in 2018 ($81.0 million versus $81.3 million), resulting from compressed margins associated with increased costs of funds and lower loan yields due in part to enhanced competitive pressure more than offsetting growth in average earning assets of 11%.16:19URI United Rentals beats by $0.19, beats on revs; narrows FY19 revs guidance, still inline (121.71 +0.99)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $5.96 per share, $0.19 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $5.77; revenues rose 17.6% year/year to $2.49 bln vs the $2.46 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Adjusted EBITDA increased 14.0% year-over-year to $1.207 billion, while adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 150 basis points to 48.5%. Third quarter fleet productivity decreased 1.3% yr/yr, primarily due to the impact of the BakerCorp and BlueLine acquisitions.Co narrows guidance for FY19, sees FY19 revs of $9.25-$9.35 bln vs. prior outlook of $9.15-$9.45 bln, inline with the $9.29 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Slightly lowers high end of Adj. EBITDA guidance range to $4.35-$4.4 bln from $4.35-$4.5 bln.16:15IBM IBM beats by $0.02, misses on revs; reaffirms FY19 EPS guidance (142.11 -0.89)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.68 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.66; revenues fell 3.9% year/year to $18.03 bln vs the $18.29 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Revenue growth in Cloud & Cognitive Software and Global Business Services segments Cloud & Cognitive Software up 6 percent (up 8 percent adjusting for currency) Global Business Services up 1 percent (up 2 percent adjusting for currency) Cloud revenue of $5.0 billion in the third quarter, up 11 percent (up 14 percent adjusting for divested businesses and currency) Co reaffirms guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $12.80, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $12.81 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Reaffirms free cash flow expectations of approx $12 bln.16:15WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryWall Street finished little changed on Wednesday, as investors weighed negative macro news against another set of mostly positive earnings results. The S&P 500 (-0.2%), Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.1%) and Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%) closed slightly lower, while the Russell 2000 (+0.1%) inched higher.The positive reaction to today's batch of earnings reports was limited to shares of companies that reported, namely Bank of America (BAC 30.18, +0.45, +1.5%), United Airlines (UAL 89.70, +1.82, +2.1%), and J.B. Hunt Transport Services (JBHT 115.65, +4.05, +3.6%), as opposed to Tuesday's earnings-driven rally. Eight of the 11 S&P 500 sectors closed near their flat lines.The energy sector (-1.5%) was today's laggard despite an increase in oil prices ($53.42/bbl, +0.63, +1.2%), followed by the information technology sector (-0.7%) amid weakness in the software stocks. The consumer discretionary sector (+0.4%) outperformed despite an unexpected 0.3% m/m decline in retail sales for September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%).The relatively conservative spending did follow an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August, which presumably allayed an overreaction among sellers. Still, the headline figure could feed into the slowdown narrative for the U.S. economy, especially when uncertainty remains on the U.S.-China trade front.On Wednesday, China threatened unspecified countermeasures against the U.S. after the House of Representatives approved legislation to support pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong. The Senate has yet to vote on the measures, but the situation could complicate the completion of the first phase of a trade deal with the U.S.In other potential deals, General Motors (GM 36.65, +0.39, +1.1%) and the UAW reached a tentative agreement that could end the monthlong strike at GM. McKesson (MCK 144.84, +6.67, +4.8%), Cardinal Health (CAH 49.07, +1.17, +2.4%) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC 86.05, +2.85, +3.4%) began talks to settle opioid litigation for $18 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal.U.S. Treasuries finished the session on a higher note, leaving yields slightly lower. The 2-yr yield and the 10-yr yield both declined two basis points each to 1.59% and 1.75%, respectively. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.3% to 98.02.Reviewing Wednesday's batch of economic data, which featured Retail Sales for September:Total retail sales declined 0.3% month-over-month in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%) following an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after increasing an upwardly revised 0.2% (from 0.0%) in August.The upward revisions for August cushioned some of the headline blow, yet the key takeaway from the report is that it highlights some relatively conservative consumer spending activity in September that will feed into the slowdown narrative building for the U.S. economy.Total business inventories were unchanged month-over-month in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after a downwardly revised 0.3% increase (from 0.4%) in July. Total business sales were up 0.2% following a downwardly revised 0.2% increase (from 0.3%) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that the gap between inventory growth on a yr/yr basis (+4.2%) and sales growth (+1.1%) remains, which should help keep prices in check.The NAHB Housing Market Index for October increased to 71 from 68 in September.The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index ticked up 0.5% following a 5.4% increase in the prior week.Looking ahead, investors will receive Housing Starts and Building Permits for September, Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization for September, the Philadelphia Fed Index for October, and the weekly Initial and Continuing Claims on Thursday.Nasdaq Composite +22.4% YTDS&P 500 +19.3% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.8% YTDRussell 2000 +13.1% YTD16:13NFLX Netflix beats by $0.04, reports revs in-line with U.S. subs below guidance and international subs slightly above; guides Q4 subs, EPS and revs below consensus (286.28 +2.03)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.09 per share excluding an unrealized gain from euro denominated bonds, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.05; revenues rose 31.2% year/year to $5.25 bln vs the $5.25 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Total paid net adds of 6.8m increased 12% year over year and was an all-time Q3 record. Operating margin of 18.7% (up 670 bps year over year) was above guidance due to timing of content and marketing spend, which will be more weighted to Q4'19. In the US, paid net adds totaled 0.5m in Q3 vs. our 0.8m forecast, and year to date paid net adds are 2.1m vs. 4.1m in the first nine months of 2018. Since our US price increase earlier this year, retention has not yet fully returned on a sustained basis to pre-price-change levels, which has led to slower US membership growth. revenue growth has been accelerating as US ARPU increased 16.5% year over year in Q3. International paid net additions totaled 6.3m in Q3, a 23% increase vs. 5.1m in the year ago quarter, and slightly above our 6.2m guidance forecast. The US dollar strengthened vs. several key currencies over the course of the quarter, which resulted in the variance between our forecasted vs. actual international revenue. International ARPU, excluding the impact of F/X, rose 10% year over year. We're making strides in our key markets and, while we have much more work to do in Asia in the coming years, we are seeing encouraging signs of progress.Co issues downside guidance for Q4, sees EPS of $0.51 vs. $0.85 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees Q4 revs of $5.442 bln vs. $5.51 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.For Q4, we're expecting consolidated revenue to increase 30% year over year with 9% streaming ARPU growth. We're forecasting 7.6m global paid net adds (vs. 9.5 mln estimates and 8.8m last Q4), with 0.6m in the US and 7.0m for the international segment. This implies full year 2019 paid net adds of 26.7m, down from 28.6m last year. While we had previously expected 2019 paid net adds to be up year over year, our current forecast reflects several factors including less precision in our ability to forecast the impact of our Q4 content slate, which consists of several new big IP launches (as opposed to returning seasons), the minor elevated churn in response to some price changes, and new forthcoming competition. Our long term outlook on our business is unchanged. We're on track to achieve our full year 2019 operating margin goal of 13%. In 2020, we'll be targeting another 300 basis points in operating margin expansion, consistent with the annual margin improvement we've delivered each year since 2017. Competition: There may be some modest headwind to our near-term growth, and we have tried to factor that into our guidance. In the long-term, though, we expect we'll continue to grow nicely given the strength of our service and the large market opportunity. For the full year 2019, we're still expecting FCF of ~-$3.5 billion. With our quickly growing revenue base and expanding operating margins, we will be able to fund more of our content spending internally. As a result, we're expecting free cash flow to improve in 2020 vs. 2019 and we expect to continue to improve annually beyond 2020. Starting with our Q4'19 earnings report in January 2020, we plan to disclose revenue and membership by region16:12CRZO Carrizo Oil & Gas provides third quarter operational update; expects production volumes of 69,500-69,600 Boe/d (7.81 +0.14)Production volumes during the third quarter of 2019 are currently expected to be 69,500-69,600 Boe/d, an increase of approx. 6% from the second quarter. Crude oil production is expected to account for approx. 66% of the company's production during the quarter, while natural gas and NGLs are expected to account for approx. 18% and 16%, respectively. During September, Carrizo took advantage of the rally in commodity prices to add to its 2020 hedge position.16:10TBK Triumph Bancorp reports EPS in-line, net interest income increased 2% (31.29 +0.14)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.56 per share, in-line with the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.56.Net interest income for the quarter was $64.8 mln compared to $63.4 mln for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. Net interest margin (NIM) was 5.85% for the quarter.Total loans held for investment increased $373.5 mln, or 9.7%, to $4.209 bln.Non-performing assets were 0.91% of total assets at September 30, 2019 compared to 0.86% of total assets at June 30, 2019.16:09SLG SL Green Realty beats by $0.02, beats on revs (81.57 -0.22)Reports Q3 (Sep) funds from operations of $1.75 per share, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.73; revenues (rental revs plus escalation/reimbursement) fell 1.1% year/year to $248.03 mln vs the $243.02 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:09KMI Kinder Morgan misses by $0.02, misses on revs; Reaffirms FY19 DCF and EBITDA outlook (20.02 -0.16)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.22 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.02 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.24; revenues fell 8.6% year/year to $3.21 bln vs the $3.51 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.KMI's project backlog at the end of the third quarter stood at $4.1 billion, $1.6 billion less than at the end of the second quarter of 2019, due to placing Elba Liquefaction and GCX in service.For 2019, KMI's budget contemplates declared dividends of $1.00 per common share, DCF of approximately $5.0 billion ($2.20 per common share) and Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $7.8 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is currently estimated to be approximately 3 percent below budget, primarily due to the delay in Elba's in-service date, lower commodity prices and volumes impacting the CO2 segment, and the impact of 501-G settlements, partially offset by the strong performance of the West Region Natural Gas16:06CGNX Cognex acquires industrial machine vision software developer SUALAB (48.88 -0.26)SUALAB is a Korean-based developer of vision software using deep learning for industrial applications. The addition of SUALAB's engineering team and intellectual property is expected to enhance Cognex's existing deep learning capabilities based on technology acquired from ViDi Systems in April of 2017. Additional information about the acquisition will be communicated during Cognex's third quarter earnings call on October 28 at 5:00 p.m. ET.16:06CSX CSX beats by $0.06, reports revs in-line (69.00 -0.17)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.08 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.02; revenues fell 4.8% year/year to $2.98 bln vs the $2.98 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Merchandise revenue growth was more than offset by Coal and Intermodal declines.CSX's operating ratio set a new company record of 56.8%, improved from 58.7% in the prior year.16:04LLNW Limelight Networks reports EPS in-line, beats on revs; guides FY19 EPS in-line, reaffirms FY19 revs guidance (3.12 -0.06)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, in-line with the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.01; revenues rose 4.1% year/year to $51.32 mln vs the $49.89 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues guidance for FY19, sees EPS of near breakeven, excluding non-recurring items, vs. ($0.02) S&P Capital IQ Consensus; reaffirms FY19 revs of $200-210 mln vs. $197.88 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:01NFLX Netflix Q3 sub adds 6.77 mln vs. 7.0 mln guidance; sees Q4 net sub adds 7.6 mln vs. 9.5 mln consensus15:45SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Workday (WDAY) leads software stocks lower following Analyst Day -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersMCK (144.8 +4.8%): Outperforms following a WSJ report suggesting that it and peers AmerisourceBergen (ABC) and Cardinal Health (CAH) are in talks regarding a collective $18 bln settlement agreement for opioid crisis litigation.AMX (15.78 +4.09%): Reaches its highest level in almost six months after reporting Q3 results. Revs increased +0.2% yr/yr to 248 bln pesos notwithstanding currency depreciation. Co added 1.6 mln postpaid subscribers in the quarter, including 928K in Brazil, 215K in Mexico, and 159K in Austria; co ended September with 278.7 mln wireless subscribers. Net profit was 13.0 bln pesos. During its earnings call, co, asked about market consolidation in Brazil, noted that it is "open to discuss something" with Oi S.A.JBHT (115.56 +3.55%): Reported Q3 results; co missed consensus for EPS on revs that rose +6.9% yr/yr to $2.36 bln, about in-line with consensus. Revenue increased +2% yr/yr in co's intermodal segment to $1.24 bln, which represented 52% of co's total revenue, on approximately flat overall volumes vs the prior year. Dedicated Contract Services revs increased +28% yr/yr to $696 mln on a productivity increase of approx. +9% yr/yr. Reached new 52-week highs.Large Cap LosersWDAY (159.32 -11.96%): Underperforms following its Analyst Day; co reaffirmed certain FY20 guidance metrics in the presentation. Other subjects under discussion included product introductions; evolution to co's growth formula, involving mix shift moving away from HCM sales; and some mention of deals being pushed out into further quarters. Among various analyst responses to the event, RBC cut co's price target to $212 from $225. Drops to nine-month lows. NOW (253.22 -7.67%): Downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley, which also raised co's target to $267 from $250. OKTA (107.1 -7.56%): Software sector lags. (Related: DDOG, SPLK...)15:36SUMRX Earnings out this afternoon/tomorrow morningThis afternoon: AA CATY CCI CCK CNS CSX EGBN IBM KMI LLNW NFLX SLG STLD TBK TCBI UMPQ URI WTFC Tomorrow Morning: BBT BMI DOV ERIC EWBC FNB GPC GTLS HOMB HON IIIN KEY MDSO MS MTB PM POOL PPG SASR SBNY SNA SON STI TSM TXT UNP WNS WSO15:29NBEV New Age Beverages pares gains after announcing the return of Nestea Instant Sweet Tea Mix (2.99 +0.25)Tweet15:09STLD Steel Dynamics: Earnings Preview -- Should set the tone for what to expect from Nucor next week (28.91 -1.17)Steel Dynamics (STLD), a major steel producer, is set to report Q3 results today after the close (STLD usually reports very late, like 6pm ET, two hours after the close) with a call tomorrow at 10am ET. STLD's results should set expectations in terms of what to expect from Nucor (NUE) when it reports next week (Oct 22 before the open).The street is looking for Q3 EPS of $0.69 and revenue of $2.67 bln. On September 17, STLD guided below consensus for Q3 EPS at $0.66-0.70 vs consensus of $0.72 at the time. It was not a total surprise as its main rival Nucor had guided lower the day before that. Then US Steel (X) guided lower soon after although it later upped those estimates. From a broader sense, it's shaping up to be a rough Q3 earnings season for the US steel producers. The steel industry has been hurt by a combination of problems: 1) The tariffs caused US producers to increase production; 2) Steel customers (mostly service centers) rushed to build supply ahead of the tariffs before prices increased and 3) service centers have been working through their large inventories rather than buying new steel (also known as inventory destocking). There were some positive comments from steel producers in July on the Q2 calls that indicated conditions were improving. NUE said that it was cautiously optimistic that pricing had bottomed for most products. STLD agreed with NUE that destocking was coming to an end. US Steel said it was seeing a pickup in order entry rates and was beginning to see signs of a rebound. Well, now it turns out these comments were premature as the market seems like it's weakening again. Earlier this year, X had idled two blast furnaces in the US and one in Europe. That was a huge deal as these blast furnaces are not easy to turn on and off, it's a big process. The hope was that recovering demand in 2H19 would cause X to fire up these blast furnaces again, but now it sounds like all three with remain idled through at least year-end. Bottom line, we think investors are going to be less interested in the hard EPS and revenue numbers. What they really want is some positive directional commentary from these steel producers that the market is showing signs of stabilizing and ideally that 2020 is going to see some improvement. Names to watch include steel producers (AKS, CMC, GGB, MT, NUE, PKX, SCHN, X) and steel processors (ROCK, RS, RYI, WOR, ZEUS).15:07BONDX Treasury Market SummaryShorter Tenors Outperform on WednesdayShorter-dated U.S. Treasuries reclaimed their losses from Tuesday while longer tenors underperformed throughout the session. Treasuries got off to a higher start after the Chinese government warned overnight that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act passed the House last evening and it is expected to clear the Senate with ease. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman, Jim Risch, called on the Senate to act quickly earlier today, according to Reuters. Treasuries extended their starting gains after the release of a weaker than expected Retail Sales report for September was coupled with an upward revision to the reading from August. The early advance found resistance in short order, which allowed for some backpedaling into mid-morning trade. However, the pullback was halted shortly after the 30-yr bond dipped beneath yesterday's low. The long bond reclaimed its flat line right before the close while shorter tenors finished near their best levels of the session. The U.S. Dollar Index slid 0.3% to 98.00, pausing just above its September low. Yield Check: 2-yr: -2 bps to 1.59% 3-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 5-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 10-yr: -2 bps to 1.75% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.23%News: The Federal Reserve resumed permanent open market operations today, as part of a plan to purchase $60 bln worth of Treasury bills per month. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, told EU ambassadors that the two sides have moved closer to a deal, which has yet to be finalized. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike. Eurozone's August trade surplus totaled EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI increased 0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%), rising +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). U.K.'s September CPI ticked up 0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%), rising 1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). Italy's August Industrial New Orders increased 1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%) while August Industrial Sales decreased 0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%). September CPI decreased 0.6% m/m (last -0.5%) but was up 0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%). Today's Data: Total retail sales declined 0.3% month-over-month (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%) in September following an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after increasing an upwardly revised 0.2% (from 0.0%) in August. The upward revisions for August cushioned some of the headline blow, yet the key takeaway from the report is that it highlights some relatively conservative consumer spending activity in September that will feed into the slowdown narrative building for the U.S. economy. Total business inventories were unchanged month-over-month in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after a downwardly revised 0.3% increase (from 0.4%) in July. Total business sales were up 0.2% following a downwardly revised 0.2% increase (from 0.3%) in July. The key takeaway from the report is that the gap between inventory growth on a yr/yr basis (+4.2%) and sales growth (+1.1%) remains, which should help keep prices in check. The weekly MBA Mortgage Index increased 0.5% to follow last week's 5.4% increase. The Purchase Index decreased 0.6% while the Refinance Index increased 3.6%. The NAHB Housing Market Index increased to 71 in October from 68 in September. The Federal Reserve's Beige Book for October noted that overall economic activity increased at a "slight to modest pace" during the survey period but with variations seen across the country. Overall household spending was described as "solid" while tourism and travel-related spending increased modestly. The report noted that most contacts expected continued economic expansion, but at a slower pace. Commodities: WTI crude: +1.1% to $53.36/bbl Gold: +0.7% to $1494.30/ozt Copper: -1.0% to $2.589/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.4% to 1.1073 GBP/USD: +0.6% to 1.2838 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1005 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.75 The Day Ahead: 8:30 ET: September Housing Starts (Briefing.com consensus 1.306 mln; prior 1.364 mln), September Building Permits (Briefing.com consensus 1.350 mln; prior 1.419 mln), weekly Initial Claims (Briefing.com consensus 215,000; prior 210,000), Continuing Claims (prior 1.684 mln), and October Philadelphia Fed Survey (Briefing.com consensus 6.0; prior 12.0) 9:15 ET: September Industrial Production (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior 0.6%) and Capacity Utilization (Briefing.com consensus 77.7%; prior 77.9%) 10:30 ET: Weekly natural gas inventories (prior +98 bcf) 11:00 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +2.7 mln)14:59SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Tech Data (TECD) spikes higher on rumors of buyout interest -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTECD (126 +13.17%): A Reuters report indicated that co has received a takeover bid from Apollo (APO) amounting to approx. $130/share in cash. Moves to new highs. RETA (169.4 +7.27%): Continued strength. Hearing price target raised at Stifel. Extends to new all-time highs. CUB (73.14 +5.97%): Reaches 52-week highs on more than 2x average volume. In recent press, co announced that an officer from its Cubic Transportation Systems business division will present on the importance of collaboration within the ITS industry at the ITS (UK) Summit tomorrow. Co has also appeared at the AUSA 2019 Annual Meeting & Exposition this week and also this week announced that it has signed an agreement with Google to integrate contactless transit cards with Google Pay for Android phones.Mid Cap LosersCOUP (139.49 -9.83%): Cloud software stocks lag notably, following Workday (WDAY) lower after that company's Analyst Day presentation and responding to Morgan Stanley lowering its price targets for a set of sector names. (Related: APPN, AYX, PLAN...)WK (41.5 -8.18%): Price target lowered to $42 from $46 at Morgan Stanley; software sector underperforms.NTRA (36.5 -6.94%): Launched a proposed follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock. The stock pulls back after reaching a new all-time high yesterday.14:47PSXP Phillips 66 Partners increases quarterly cash distribution to $0.865/unit from $0.855/unit (55.64 -0.60)14:32COMDX Energy Settlement PricesNov Crude Oil futures rose $0.19 (0.36%) to $53.42/barrel Nov Natural Gas $0.02 lower (-0.85%) at $2.32/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.01 higher (0.62%) at $1.63/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.02 higher (1.05%) at $1.93/gallon14:07NFLX Netflix will report third quarter results this afternoon (282.22 -2.03)Netflix (NFLX) will report third quarter results in a Letter to Shareholders on its website soon after the bell. The earnings interview with management including Chief Executive Reed Hastings starts at 18:00 ET.Netflix has guided for third quarter EPS of $1.04 (vs. $0.89 last year) with an operating margin of 15.9% (+390 basis points yr/yr) and revenue up 31% to $5.25 bln. Estimates are in-line with guidance.Netflix also guided for 7 mln global paid net subscriber additions (6.2 mln international and 800,000 in a saturated US market) vs. a 6.07 mln increase in the third quarter of 2018, which would result in subs growing 22% yr/yr to 158.6 mln.Analysts expect the company to guide for a 9.5 mln increase in subs for the fourth quarter versus an 8.8 mln increase in the fourth quarter last year.The stock got crushed after Netflix missed second quarter subscriber guidance by a wide margin (2.7 mln vs. 5 mln) in July. Netflix said subscribers were soft in all regions, but more so in regions with price recent increases. The company noted that its content slate (releases) during the quarter led to the disappointing result, noting that third quarter subscriber additions are off to a strong start following the release of the third season of Stranger Things. Netflix also cited some pull-forward of demand following a strong first quarter result.Subs actually fell by 130,000 versus guidance for a 300,00 increase in the U.S. The U.S. market is saturated and accounts for most of the company's earnings, but will see a ton of competition hit the market over the next six months. Subs grew by 2.83 mln internationally versus 4.7 mln guidance.Netflix has historically missed second quarter sub projections due to seasonality and a weak content slate, only to bounce back in subsequent quarters.A strong third quarter and fourth quarter sub guidance will likely lead to a higher stock tomorrow, but it is unlikely to assuage concerns over competition.Netflix stock has continued to struggle since the weak second quarter amid concerns over competition. The streaming video on demand (SVOD) space will get really crowded with new offerings from from Disney+ (DIS), Apple TV+ (AAPL), HBO Max (T) and NBCU's Peacock (CMCSA) over the next six months.Netflix has a ~$124 bln market cap and trades at ~34x forward EBITDA estimates, ~60x EPS estimates and ~6x revenue. The sales multiple represents the low end of its historical range as investors question the competitive strength of the streaming leader. Netflix has become ubiquitous with its massive subscriber base over 155 mln that has essentially supplanted the traditional cable bundle for younger audiences, but consumers who can cancel their Netflix subscription at anytime will soon have tons of options for streaming shows and movies. The options market implies a ~10% move in the stock by Friday.14:02ECONX Beige Book points to slight to modest growth, down from modest growth in the September 4th report14:00ECONX Fed releases Beige BookThe U.S. economy expanded at a slight to modest pace since the prior report as business activity varied across the country. Reports from Districts representing states in the southern and western U.S. generally were more upbeat than Districts representing the Midwest and Great Plains. Household spending was solid on balance: nonauto retail sales increased modestly, while light vehicle sales were generally robust. Tourism and travel-related spending was up modestly. Housing market conditions changed little. On the business spending side, nonresidential construction increased at a slightly slower yet still modest pace, while leasing activity advanced at a slow but steady rate. Manufacturing activity continued to edge lower. Contacts in some Districts suggested that persistent trade tensions and slower global growth weighed on activity. The early impact of a recent auto strike was limited. Freight shipments stabilized after falling during the previous reporting period. Bankers in many Districts reported moderately rising loan volumes, while activity in nonfinancial services increased solidly. Agricultural conditions deteriorated further due to the ongoing impacts of adverse weather, weak commodity prices, and trade disruptions. Business contacts mostly expect the economic expansion to continue; however, many lowered their outlooks for growth in the coming 6 to 12 months.Beige Book13:58OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:SIG Jan20 22.5 calls are seeing interest with 17960 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. Two large transactions traded more than 17,000 contracts. Co is expected to report quarterly results in early December.IP Oct 42.5 calls are seeing interest with 14990 contracts trading vs. open int of 40. The underlying stock spiked higher by more than 2% earlier in the session. Co will report quarterly earnings before the open on October 31.AJRD Nov 55 calls are seeing interest with 10400 contracts trading vs. open int of 10. The stock trades higher by 2%. Co is expected to release quarterly earnings in late October.BCS Oct 9 calls are seeing interest with 5100 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. One transaction traded 2,000 contracts. The stock has seen volatility this week in conjunction with headlines pertaining to potential Brexit deal-making. Co is expected to appear at the Money 20/20 2019 conference in late October.Bearish Put Activity:IRM Nov 30 puts are seeing interest with 1560 contracts trading vs. open int of 320. Co will issue its third quarter results before the open on October 31.IRBT Nov 65 puts are seeing interest with 2020 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. Close to 1,500 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co last night announced that it has filed a preliminary injunction against SharkNinja pertaining to patent infringement. Co is scheduled to report quarterly earnings after the close on October 22.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.01. VIX: (13.90, +0.36, +2.66%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:49AA Alcoa Earnings Preview -- Investors are hoping for signs of a recovery in 2020 (19.38 -0.08)Alcoa (AA), a major aluminum producer, is set to report Q3 results today after the close with a call at 5pm ET. Last quarter, Alcoa reported at 16:10 ET, or 10 minutes after the close, so it should be around then.The street is looking for a Q3 loss of $(0.29) per share and revenue of $2.58 bln. Consensus for Adjusted EBITDA is approximately $369 mln for Q3 and for the full year consensus is at $1.68 bln. What's notable to us is that Alcoa has provided a full year Adjusted EBITDA outlook in the past. However, due to unprecedented market volatility, Alcoa has decided not to provide the guidance. While not providing specific Q3 guidance, Alcoa has said it expects benefits from higher volumes and lower costs for raw materials and maintenance in the Alumina and Bauxite segments. In the Aluminum segment, Alcoa expects improvements primarily from lower alumina costs. With the stock price having been cut in half over the past year, it's no secret that the aluminum market is struggling, driven by lower demand in both China and the world ex-China due to trade tensions and macro headwinds. The silver lining is that aluminum inventories continue to decline and are expected by year's end to reach levels not seen in more than a decade, since before the financial crisis in 2008. Nevertheless, Alcoa keeps lowering its aluminum demand outlook for 2019. It's now down to +1.25-2.25%, down from prior guidance of +2-3%, which had been lowered from +3-4%, predominantly due to lower demand growth in China and trade tensions generally. Alcoa has described a frustrating trend. Basically, there has been a consistent decline in global inventories over the last decade. However, aluminum prices have remained stubbornly unreactive thus far due to the volume of Chinese aluminum exports hitting the global market. On a final note, we mentioned the stock has been roughly cut in half over the past year as sluggish aluminum prices weigh on Alcoa. The good news is that the stock has somewhat stabilized since early June, which is hopefully an indication a lot of the negativity is already priced in. Investors will want to hear Alcoa's outlook for 2020 as hopefully there are early signs of improvement.13:38COMDX Metals Settlement PricesDec gold settled today's session up $9.50 (0.64%) at $1492.6/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.03 higher (0.17%) at $17.42/oz Dec copper settled $0.02 lower (0.77%) at $2.59/lb13:13SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: TEVA (29.02 mln +3.08%), ENDP (14.98 mln +22.64%), MNK (11.56 mln +6.25%), ACB (10.98 mln -1.73%)Materials: X (15.33 mln -4.99%), VALE (10.66 mln -1.62%)Industrials: GE (22.9 mln +0.9%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (28.16 mln -6.77%), ROKU (15.46 mln -0.01%), F (12.83 mln +0.66%)Information Technology: AMD (27.31 mln +1.14%), NOK (12.58 mln +1.6%), MSFT (11.07 mln -1.15%), AAPL (10.94 mln -0.7%)Financials: BAC (54.04 mln +2%), QQQ (11.19 mln -0.41%), WFC (10.22 mln -1.07%)Energy: CHK (33.16 mln -1.49%), MDR (10.65 mln +14.55%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: RYTM (6.14x +1.68%), ASMB (5.77x +29.19%), PRQR (5.76x +3.22%), RETA (2.72x +5.31%), ATNX (2.15x -8.61%), AUPH (1.89x +7.82%)Industrials: CUB (2.41x +7.22%), AJRD (1.93x +2.25%)Consumer Discretionary: SNBR (3.32x -1.56%), FCAU (2.28x +1.05%)Information Technology: TECD (3.83x +13.98%), WDAY (3.59x -12.55%), PAGS (2.58x -2.64%)Financials: ESGD (12.09x +0.08%), NHF (5.3x -1.97%), RBS (2.21x +1.55%), EIM (2.12x +0.23%)Consumer Staples: NBEV (2.49x +19.71%)Utilities: NGG (2.02x +0.45%)13:11SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: ASMB (12.02 +29.19%), ENDP (4.28 +22.64%), INO (2.45 +9.15%), AUPH (5.04 +7.82%), UBX (7.32 +6.86%), IMMU (15.35 +6.67%), MNK (2.21 +6.25%)Materials: AG (9.76 +6.15%), SBGL (6.58 +5.96%)Industrials: CUB (74 +7.22%), GVA (35.05 +7.14%)Consumer Discretionary: TEN (12.94 +7.97%), TLRD (4.39 +5.88%)Information Technology: TECD (126.9 +13.98%), FIT (3.8 +10.14%)Energy: MDR (2.52 +14.55%), SPN (0.52 +14.26%), REI (1.61 +7.33%), NBR (1.86 +6.9%)Consumer Staples: NBEV (3.28 +19.71%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: VRAY (2.55 -11.01%), NTRA (35.82 -8.67%), ATNX (10.14 -8.61%), APHA (5.03 -7.33%)Materials: RYAM (4.23 -10%), TMST (5.33 -7.63%)Consumer Discretionary: ASNA (0.47 -6.9%), NIO (1.45 -6.77%)Information Technology: WDAY (158.25 -12.55%), COUP (140.74 -9.02%), APPN (45.93 -8.74%), NOW (251.17 -8.41%), AVLR (68.26 -8.05%), MDB (124.15 -7.97%), PLAN (43.99 -7.95%), AYX (103.5 -7.78%), WK (41.72 -7.68%), SPLK (112.36 -6.25%), DQ (40.8 -6.23%)Consumer Staples: RAD (8.6 -6.68%)13:10PDCO Patterson Companies responds to Administrative Law Judge recommendation, does not anticipate that this matter will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations (17.40 +0.08)12:59TSM Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing to report overnight (50.76 +0.37)Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 50.76, +0.37, +0.7%) will report its Q3 results overnight, followed by management's conference call tomorrow at 2:00 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the contract chip manufacturer to report a 7.9% yr/yr increase in EPS to TWD3.71 on a 9.8% yr/yr increase in revenue to TWD285.80 bln. TSM has had a very good showing since the release of its Q2 results on July 18. The stock has surged 22% since then, having climbed nearly 15% over the past month. The semiconductor industry has not fully recovered from the sharp slowdown at the end of 2018, but TSM has been able to withstand that weakness due in part to its size as well as expectations for an imminent rebound in activity. Most recently, shares received a boost from reports of stronger than expected sales of the iPhone 11, which imply increased production of components. TSM reportedly expects that global shipments of 5G smartphones will reach 300 mln units in 2020. Last quarter, the company reported a slight decrease in inventory, which reached a record during Q1. Additional progress on inventory reduction would go a long way toward justifying the recent rally.Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing trades at 20.9x forward earnings expectations.12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks trade mixed; investors weigh macro, earnings newsThe stock market currently trades mixed, as it balances positive reactions to earnings reports with negative macro news. The S&P 500 (-0.2%), Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.1%), and Nasdaq Composite (-0.4%) are down modestly, while the Russell 2000 (+0.3%) trades higher.Earnings season began in earnest yesterday to a good start, and results today have continued to come in mostly better than expected. Notable earnings gainers include Bank of America (BAC 30.34, +0.61, +2.0%), United Airlines (UAL 90.09, +2.21, +2.5%), and J.B. Hunt Transport Services (JBHT 116.90, +5.30, +4.8%). It should be noted that expectations were not high.Unlike yesterday, though, when each of the major averages rose about 1% apiece, the results today have not been enough to stir conviction in the market. Six of the 11 S&P 500 sectors are within 0.3% of their flat lines, while software stocks drag on the information technology sector (-0.9%). The lightly-weighted materials sector (+0.7%) outperforms.The lack of enthusiasm might be stemming from an unexpected 0.3% m/m decline in retail sales for September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), a contention from Chicago Fed President Evans (FOMC voter) that no more rate cuts are needed this year, and some negative-sounding news on the Brexit and U.S.-China fronts.Reportedly, there are still some hurdles in reaching a Brexit deal by Oct. 31 while China has threatened unspecified countermeasures against the U.S. if the Senate passes a bill that supports protesters in Hong Kong. China's response came after the U.S. House of Representatives approved those measures yesterday, and the situation could complicate China's willingness to commit to the first phase of the trade deal with the U.S.There's been news of other possible deals, too. General Motors (GM 36.99, +0.71, +2.0%) and the UAW reached a tentative deal to end the monthlong strike. The Wall Street Journal reported that McKesson (MCK 146.53, +8.36, +6.0%), Cardinal Health (CAH 49.75, +1.86, +3.9%) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC 87.14, +3.94, +4.7%) are in talks to settle opioid litigation for $18 billion.Reviewing today's batch of economic data, which featured Retail Sales for September:Total retail sales declined 0.3% month-over-month in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%) following an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after increasing an upwardly revised 0.2% (from 0.0%) in August.The upward revisions for August cushioned some of the headline blow, yet the key takeaway from the report is that it highlights some relatively conservative consumer spending activity in September that will feed into the slowdown narrative building for the U.S. economy.Total business inventories were unchanged month-over-month in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after a downwardly revised 0.3% increase (from 0.4%) in July. Total business sales were up 0.2% following a downwardly revised 0.2% increase (from 0.3%) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that the gap between inventory growth on a yr/yr basis (+4.2%) and sales growth (+1.1%) remains, which should help keep prices in check.The NAHB Housing Market Index for October increased to 71 from 68 in September.The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index ticked up 0.5% following a 5.4% increase in the prior week.12:42EXC Exelon underperforming after sudden retirement of CEO of Exelon Utilities unit amid federal into lobbying activities (45.87 -1.19)Last night, the company announced that it has appointed Calvin G. Butler Jr., CEO of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company ("BGE"), as Interim CEO of Exelon Utilities, effective immediately. This appointment follows the retirement of Anne Pramaggiore, Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Exelon Utilities, which is also effective immediately. Mr. Butler will continue to serve as CEO of BGE. The CEOs of Exelon's other utilities -- Joseph Dominguez, CEO of ComEd, Michael A. Innocenzo, CEO of PECO, and David M. Velazquez, CEO of Pepco Holdings -- will report to Mr. Butler. In addition, Exelon Utility CEO staff heads Val Jensen, Carim Khouzami and Mike Kormos will also report to Mr. Butler moving forward. Earlier this month, the company disclosed that it received a second grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois that requires production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities, including Illinois State Senator Martin Sandoval:As previously disclosed, Exelon Corporation and Commonwealth Edison Company (the "Companies") received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois, which required production of information concerning lobbying activities in the State of Illinois. On October 4, 2019, the Companies received a second grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois that requires production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities, including Illinois State Senator Martin Sandoval. "The Companies have cooperated fully with the U.S. Attorney and intend to continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with any government requests or inquiries. On June 21, 2019, the Exelon Corporation Board formed a Special Oversight Committee, consisting solely of independent directors, to oversee the Companies' cooperation and compliance with the subpoena, any further action taken by the U.S. Attorney and any resulting actions that may be required or recommended. The Special Oversight Committee has engaged independent outside counsel to advise and assist the Committee."According to The Chicago Tribune, Pramaggiore is reportedly a focus of the ongoing federal probe.Following the developments, Mizuho (Neutral rated) lowered their price target from $49 to $47 and cautioned that "[p]otential grand jury indictments of Exelon lobbyists in the Madigan/Sandoval investigations could derail attempts by the company to obtain passage of legislation in Illinois next year."12:07COMM Commscope: German Federal Patent Court has issued decisions upholding the validity of important CommScope patents that had been challenged by a competitor, COMLAB (11.51 +0.18)At an October 9 oral hearing, the German Federal Patent Court rejected challenges by COMLAB regarding the validity of the German part of European Patent EP1022849B1 (Action No. 5 Ni 6/17 (EP)) owned by CommScope's affiliate Andrew Wireless Systems. The Federal Patent Court already upheld the German part of European Patent EP2180605B1 in a decision dated March 27, 2019 (Action No. 6 Ni 23/17 (EP)). COMLAB filed appeal against the Federal Patent Court's decision that is now pending before the Federal Supreme Court (X ZR 84/19) and can appeal the most recent decision.12:03IBM IBM Q3 Earnings Preview; All eyes on Red Hat follow through (141.78 -1.22)Information technology giant IBM is slated to release Q3 results tonight after the bell with a conference call scheduled to begin at 5 p.m. ET.The Capital IQ Consensus Estimate for IBM's Q3 EPS stands at $2.66 (vs $3.42 a year ago) on revenue declines of 2.5% to $18.29 bln.This quarter may be a tricky one to judge based on the incoming accounting of the Red Hat deal (closed last quarter).At the company's August 2 Red Hat update event, management outlined guidance for 2020-2021:Revenue growth of MSD at constant currency; Operating pre-tax income growth of HSD; FCF >100% realization; a leverage ratio consistent with mid-to-high single A range.Management also updated 2019 operating EPS guidance for at least $12.80 (vs. at least $13.90 as standalone).What's more, the company sees the Red Hat deal as accretive to operating EPS by the end of year two.One of the questions investors are hankering to get an answer to is: has management righted the ship? Recall that last quarter IBM's largest segment by sales, Global Technology Services, reported a 6.7% decline to $6.8 bln. Obviously, the segment is a focal point purely based on size alone, but the troubles weren't just last quarter. In Q1 the GTS segment saw revenue declines of 7%.IBM steps into the Q3 report with a $126 bln market capitalization and trades at about 11.5x forward earnings estimates.12:03SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Achillion Pharma (ACHN) rises on all-cash acquisition deal -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersACHN (6.25 +71.23%): To be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for an all-cash initial consideration of approx. $930 mln, or $6.30/share; potential additional contingent considerations, which hinge on clinical and regulatory developments such as FDA approval of danicopan and ACH-5228 Phase 3 initiation, could elevate the amount payable to co's shareholders to $8.30/share. Alexion looks forward to applying its "development expertise" to co's oral Factor D inhibitors in an endeavor to unlock the approach's potential and deliver benefits to patients. The stock moves to its highest levels in almost three years. ENDP (4.22 +20.91%): Touched up to three-month highs on higher than average volume; drug manufacturers generally outperform today in concert with reports that various sector names (JNJ, ABC, MCK, CAH, TEVA...) have made proposals regarding or are in talks concerning settlement of opioid litigation. AUPH (5.13 +9.85%): Continued strength; co today reported that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study of voclosporin; efficacy and safety results from the study remain on-track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter, and co anticipates that disclosure of the results will be "followed by the necessary preparations to submit an NDA for voclosporin during the first half of 2020." The AURORA II continuation study is also reportedly progressing as planned.Small Cap LosersAPHA (4.99 -8.1%): After moving higher by circa 25% yesterday following its Q1 earnings report. The cannabis sector generally cools off. ATNX (10.17 -8.3%): Drops to new five-month lows on higher than average volume. The stock has now moved lower by circa 16% month-to-date and trades lower by more than 50% from its July highs. NIO (1.46 -5.81%): Declines on moderately high volume; items of interest for co and the EV space this week have included Chinese new energy vehicle sales results for September and rumors from a reporting source in China that co was in talks regarding a factory investment.12:02PS Pluralsight (+2.7%) bucking weakness among software stocks after hiring former Salesforce (CRM) CIO, and then EVP of N.A. sales Ross Meyercord as Chief Revenue Officer (16.97 +0.46)The stock is down more than 40% since missing billings estimates and guiding down third quarter revenue, citing sales execution issues.11:44CSX CSX to report this evening (68.90 -0.27)Rail carriers CSX (CSX 68.90, -0.27, -0.4%) and Union-Pacific (UNP 163.73, +0.59, +0.4%) will report their Q3 results between today's closing bell and tomorrow's open. CSX will report this evening, followed by management's conference call at 16:30 ET, while Union-Pacific's report will be released tomorrow morning, followed by a conference call at 8:45 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects CSX to report a 2.9% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $1.02 on a 4.7% yr/yr decrease in revenue to $2.98 bln. The Capital IQ consensus expects Union-Pacific to report a 7.4% yr/yr increase in EPS to $2.31 on a 4.7% yr/yr decrease in revenue to $5.65 bln. Both rail carriers are among the 20 stocks that make up the Dow Jones Transportation Average. Another DJTA component, J.B. Hunt Transportation Services (JBHT 114.99, +3.39, +3.0%) reported weaker than expected Q3 EPS yesterday, coupled with slightly better than expected revenue. CSX trades about 15% below its record high from May while UNP is about 10% below its own record from August. Like JBHT, CSX and UNP are likely to lament the current operating environment, considering weekly Rail Traffic reports from the Association of American Railroads have consistently pointed to yr/yr declines in traffic between 5% and 10%. September saw yr/yr carload decreases in 14 out of 20 commodity categories after 12 out of 20 commodity categories showed yr/yr declines in August. CSX was downgraded to Neutral at JPMorgan on October 4 while UNP was upgraded to Overweight at Atlantic Equities. UNP CFO reaffirmed the company's guidance for FY19 operating ratio below 61% on September 4. The CFO did note that the company now expects volume in the second half of 2019 to decline in the mid-single digits while previous guidance called for a decrease of about 2%.CSX trades at 15.8x forward earnings expectations while UNP trades at 16.9x forward estimates.11:38SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (49) outpacing new lows (14) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ACHN, ACM, ARNC, ASC, ATKR, BHE, BLD, BLDR, BMCH, BZH, CASH, CBPO, CCS, CELG, CHTR, CNS, DE, DEA, DLTR, DOCU, IBP, INFO, INXN, IRT, JBL, KBH, KN, KOD, KSU, LBRDK, LEN, LGIH, MAS, MDC, MTH, MTZ, NFBK, ODFL, PHM, RETA, SHW, SNX, TECD, TMCX, TMHC, TPH, VICI, WD, WMSStocks that traded to 52 week lows: DERM, DT, FLDM, GTYH, HEP, ICUI, LBRT, LNDC, PRQR, RVLV, SSTI, TACO, TEUM, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: DCOM, PDFSThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: BSTC, FULC, NGVC, NPK, RMNIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: EWT, ITB, PALL, PSK, XHB11:35Events and Conferences TomorrowImage Sensors Auto Americas 2019 (Oct 17-18)Scheduled to appear: INFO, XLNX, LYFT, SNEPMA Fresh Summit Conference & Expo 2019 (Oct 17-19)Scheduled to appear: AGFSAmong company updates: Sanderson Farms (SAFM) investor day at 20:30 ET11:30DT Dynatrace (-4%): Recent IPO falls to record low as software stocks come under pressure following tepid Workday (WDAY -12%) Analyst Day (17.41 -0.79)11:28XLF Money Center Comparables- Morgan Stanley reports tomorrow before the market opensMorgan Stanley will report earnings tomorrow before the open with a conference call to follow at 8am ET.Current Capital IQ consensus stands at EPS of $1.12 (-4% yr/yr), Net Income at $1.80 bln (-10% yr/yr), on Revenues of $9.63 bln (-2% yr/yr).MS results will be compared to peers. Expectations are lower for MS so it's bar to beat is not very high. Shares of MS have been straddling the 200-sma ($42.92) since March. Tomorrow's report should help pave the way for a trend to take place. But an in line report is likely to leave shares in this choppy range.Some notes on peer Q3 performance-BAC posted steady results but JPM remains the top earnings for Q3.RoEs have been pretty steady in the 9-11% with JPM above the fray at 15%.JPM dominating on revenue growth as well. Best in class for net income.C and GS still remain the cheapest valuation on a Book basis.BAC tops on equity performance, JPM on FICC.Loan growth led by BAC and C.11:01TALKX Market Briefing: Offsetting news keeps market in checkNot a great deal of conviction on the part of buyers and sellers in the early going, as the major indices are little changed.The earnings news has been relatively good, yet the macro news has been relatively bad. The two seem to be canceling each other out to a large extent, which is keeping the major indices in check.The outsized moves have been reserved for individual stocks with news, like Bank of America (BAC 30.45, +0.72, +2.4%) and United Airlines (UAL 90.08, +2.20, +2.5%), both of which reported better than expected earnings results. Accordingly, there hasn't been a lot of movement at the sector level.Seven sectors are up and four are down, with changes ranging from a 0.6% decline (information technology) to a 1.0% increase (materials).In terms of the macro hangups, they include the weaker-than-expected retail sales numbers for September, reports that a Brexit deal compromise between the EU and UK might not come to fruition before the Oct. 31 deadline, and misgivings about the completion of the "phase one" trade deal with China.The latter has stemmed from news that the U.S. House passed measures that support the Hong Kong protesters, which prompted a warning from China that it will respond with countermeasures if the U.S. Senate also passes those measures and the legislation ultimately becomes law.The Russell 2000 is up 0.4%; the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average are flat; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.1%.10:03VRRM Verra Mobility to acquire Pagatelia; terms not disclosed (13.99 -0.03)Pagatelia is a European leader in electronic tolling throughout Spain, Portugal, France, and Italy. Pagatelia's platform manages electronic tolling transactions from more than 500,000 devices. This acquisition enables Verra Mobility to accelerate its expansion of tolling solutions for rental car and fleet companies across Europe in a rapidly-growing global tolling market. The transaction is expected to close at the end of October.10:01ECONX October NAHB Housing Market Index 71, September 6810:00ECONX August Business Inventories M/M 0.0% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus09:44SCANX Earnings/guidance moversAMX +3.69% BAC +3.23% TW +2.84% USB +2.82% BK +2.65% CBSH +2.24% PNFP +2.28% JBHT +1.77% SNBR +1.41% UAL +1.13% PNC +1.15% CMA +0.87% HTLD +0.81%AVD -11.88% WDAY -10.65% PGR -3.90% ASML -3.58% ALLY -3.00% FHN -2.45% ABT -1.92% RNR -1.73% RHHBY -1.24% WAFD -0.84% PACW -1.06% HTHT -0.91% IBKR -0.84% HWC -0.01%09:41WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stock market opens lower amid some weakness in techThe major averages begin the day slightly lower, retracing some of yesterday's earnings-driven rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.1%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows the information technology sector (-0.8%) exerting an influential drag on the broader market. The materials (+0.2%), consumer discretionary (+0.2%), and financials (+0.1%) sectors hold slim gains.U.S. Treasuries are up slightly, which has yields slightly lower today. The 2-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.76%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.18. WTI crude is up 0.2% to $52.93/bbl.09:37WDAY Workday leading cloud stocks lower following uninspiring Analyst Day (163.35` -17.61)WDAY -9.90% COUP -5.57% NOW -5.79% (downgraded at Morgan Stanley) WORK -5.35% HUBS -4.71% PLAN -4.62% DDOG -4.22% MDB -4.12% ZEN -3.59% OKTA -3.55% AYX -3.51% PCTY -2.98% TEAM -3.40% SWI -2.89% PAYC -3.02% CRWD -2.72% AVLR -3.26% SPLK -2.96% WK -2.78% ASUR -2.76% ADBE -2.85% (downgraded at Citi) FIVN -3.08%09:26WIRES On The WiresEvolus (EOLS) and Clarion Medical Technologies, a Canadian provider of medical and aesthetic equipment and consumables, today announced the first shipment of Nuceiva (prabotulinumtoxinA) in Canada. Nuceiva is a 900 kDa purified botulinum toxin type A formulation that is approved by Health Canada for the temporary improvement in the appearance of moderate to severe glabellar lines in adult patients < 65 years of age.Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) announced the initiation of a first-in-human, Phase 1 clinical study evaluating NKTR-255, an interleukin-15 receptor agonist, as monotherapy for patients with relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) or multiple myeloma (MM). The study will also combine NKTR-255 with multiple targeted antibodies, that function through an antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity mechanism, to evaluate the safety and efficacy in adults with relapsed or refractory MM.Beyond Meat (BYND) announced that Hardee's will be partnering with Beyond Meat as one of the first U.S. quick service restaurants to offer plant-based breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. Hardee's will be testing a new Beyond Breakfast Sausage Biscuit and an Original Beyond Thickburger for a limited-time in two regional markets -- Raleigh, North Carolina and Kansas City, Missouri -- beginning October 16.09:15WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -3.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -17.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower as the S&P 500 futures trade four points, or 0.1%, below fair value. Earnings news has been upbeat, although some macro news is presumably keeping the market in check after yesterday's rally.Earnings results have come in mostly better than expected today, with shares of Bank of America (BAC 30.38, +0.65, +2.2%) and United Airlines (UAL 89.60, +1.72, +2.0%) up 2% in pre-market action following their results.As for macro news, there has been some renewed uncertainty about a Brexit deal and some angst about China threatening countermeasures against the U.S. if the Senate passes a bill that supports protesters in Hong Kong. The latter is viewed as a complication in getting the first part of a trade deal written out.Reaction to the release of the retail sales report for September, which unexpectedly declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), has been relatively muted. The reading followed an upwards revision of 0.6% in August (from 0.4%). The 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.74%.08:58WIRES On The WiresWest Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (WST), announced that it has increased its minority equity stake to 49 percent in Daikyo Seiko, Ltd., a company that West has partnered with for more than 40 years to develop and manufacture high-quality components and solutions for the primary containment and delivery of injectable medicines.CorMedix Inc. (CRMD) announced that it has completed its interaction with the FDA related to the chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) package that will be needed to support Neutrolin's new drug application (NDA). The FDA was supportive of Neutrolin's proposed manufacturing program, including the active pharmaceutical ingredients (API), the container closure and testing, and indicated that it will conduct a thorough review of all of the CMC information as well as assess the commercial readiness of the various manufacturing facilities at the time of NDA filing. No further CMC meetings with FDA are planned prior to NDA submission.A pre-NDA meeting has now been scheduled and CorMedix is looking forward to discussing with the FDA the filing of the NDA for Neutrolin, including the FDA programs intended to facilitate and expedite review of the application, such as Priority Review designation, rolling submission, and LPAD.Magenta Therapeutics (MGTA) announced the appointment of Jan Pinkas, Ph.D., as Senior Vice President, Translational Sciences. The Company also announced that Mike Cooke, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, will leave Magenta to pursue other opportunities.LINX S.A. (LINX) announces the acquisition of all shares of SetaDigital Sistemas Gerencial. Established in 2005, SetaDigital is a reference in ERP and POS solutions for the retail footwear sector and its expected gross revenue for 2020 is R$15 million. For the acquisition, Linx will pay the total of R$28.0 million in cash and, additionally, subject to the achievement of financial and operational goals for the years 2019 to 2021, will pay the amount of up to R$8.8 million.08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.40.The S&P 500 futures trade four points, or 0.2%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.In economic data: South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%) New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.6% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.4% India's Sensex: +0.2% South Korea's Kospi: +0.7% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +1.2%Major European indices trade near their flat lines. There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.In economic data: Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%) U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%) Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: UNCH Germany's DAX: +0.2% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.4% France's CAC 40: -0.2%Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.1%08:49PGR Progressive beats by $0.13, reports revs in-line (74.97 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.42 per share, $0.13 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.29; revenues rose 11.8% year/year to $9.62 bln vs the $9.66 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.08:46ATGE Adtalem Global Education confirms it is exploring strategic alternatives for its Brazil portfolio and is in discussions with interested parties (36.69 )The co confirmed it is exploring strategic alternatives for its Brazil portfolio and is in discussions with interested parties, including active negotiations with YDUQS (formerly known as Estacio Participaes), regarding the potential sale of Adtalem Educacional do Brasil.08:46WIRES On The WiresAxsome Therapeutics, Inc. (AXSM), announced the completion of patient enrollment in the GEMINI study, a Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of AXS-05 in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). AXS-05 (dextromethorphan/bupropion modulated delivery tablet) is a novel, oral, investigational NMDA receptor antagonist with multimodal activity. Axsome remains on track to report topline results from GEMINI in the fourth quarter of 2019.Castle Biosciences, Inc. (CSTL), announced the presentation of a multicenter, prospective study demonstrating that DecisionDx-UM test results significantly impacted treatment plan recommendations for patients with uveal melanoma. The study was presented at the American Academy of Ophthalmology 2019 Annual Meeting held October 12-15, 2019, in San Francisco.ViiV Healthcare, the global specialist HIV company majority owned by GSK (GSK), with Pfizer (PFE) and Shionogi Limited as shareholders, announced the submission of a supplemental New Drug Application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Dovato (dolutegravir and lamivudine) as a switch treatment for HIV-1 infection in virologically suppressed adults on a stable antiretroviral regimen with no treatment failure.Stifel Financial Corp. (SF) announced a strategic partnership with OurCrowd, an Israel-based global venture capital and crowdfunding platform connecting investors with early-stage, high-tech companies across industries and geographies. Stifel will also make a minority investment in OurCrowd.NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC. (NTCT), a market leader in service assurance, security, and business analytics, today announced that it will expand upon its OEM relationship to become part of the Cisco (CSCO) SolutionsPlus Program. Under this program, Cisco customers will be able to purchase NETSCOUT's Arbor Sightline and Arbor Threat Mitigation System (TMS) solutions through Cisco's global price list.08:34TWOU 2U names Paul S. Lalljie CFO (17.16 )Lalljie has more than 20 years of experience in finance management in the high-growth technology sector and most recently served as CFO of Neustar, Inc., an information services and technology company, from 2009 to 2018.08:32WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.50.The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.Just in, September retail sales declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), while the August reading was revised up to 0.6% from 0.4%. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%), and the August reading was revised up to 0.2% from 0.0%.08:32SAIL SailPoint acquires Orkus and OverWatchID for total consideration of $37.5 mln (18.31 )Both Orkus and OverWatchID will be integrated into the SailPoint Predictive Identity Platform in the first half of 2020. Once the integration is complete, organizations of all sizes will have access to a new approach to governing cloud environments, one that takes advantage of AI and machine learning and integrates seamlessly into existing identity governance programs. Taken together, this will enable organizations to accelerate access decisions to sensitive cloud resources, detecting potential anomalies and better enforcing access policies across all users, while maintaining compliance across all enterprise infrastructures. SailPoint does not expect to generate any material revenue from either of these acquisitions during the quarter ending December 31, 2019. During the same quarter of 2019, the two acquisitions are expected to add an aggregate of approximately $2 million of non-GAAP expense.08:31CRON Cronos Group comments on planned IPO of Cronos Australia (8.32 )Established in February 2018, Cronos Australia is a 50/50 joint venture between Cronos Group and NewSouthern Capital Pty Ltd., and is led by Rodney Cocks and Peter Righetti. Under the offering, Cronos Australia is expected to issue 40 million new shares at an offering price of AUD$0.50 per share (the "Cronos Australia IPO") ahead of its planned listing on the Australian Securities Exchange in November 2019.Upon completion of the Cronos Australia IPO, Cronos Group is expected to hold approximately 31 percent of the issued capital of Cronos Australia, and Cronos Australia is expected to have an initial market capitalization of approximately AUD$64.4 million.08:30ECONX September Retail Sales M/M -0.3% vs +0.3% Briefing.com consensus ; August revised to +0.6% from +0.4%08:30ECONX September Retail Sales ex-auto M/M -0.1% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryRebound Paced by Belly of the CurveU.S. Treasuries are on track for a higher start after an overnight advance in the futures market. Treasury futures began inching higher in the early evening, accelerating their advance at the start of the Asian session. The People's Bank of China injected liquidity through a medium-term lending facility while the Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Treasury futures hit pre-market highs at the start of the European session, but they returned to their overnight levels during the past hour. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 98.36. Yield Check: 2-yr: -2 bps to 1.59% 3-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 5-yr: -4 bps to 1.56% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.74% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.22%News: Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3. South Korea's September Unemployment Rate increased to 3.4% from 3.1% (expected 3.9%). New Zealand's Q3 CPI increased 0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%), rising 1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%). EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to brief EU ambassadors around 11:00 ET about the modified Brexit deal. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike. Eurozone's August trade surplus totaled EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI increased 0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%), rising +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). U.K.'s September CPI ticked up 0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%), rising 1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September Input PPI decreased 0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%), falling 2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). Italy's August Industrial New Orders increased 1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%) but were down 10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales decreased 0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%), falling 2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI decreased 0.6% m/m (last -0.5%) but was up 0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%). Commodities: WTI Crude: +0.4% to $53.01/bbl Gold: +0.1% to $1485.00/ozt Copper: -1.4% to $2.579/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.1026 GBP/USD: -0.2% to 1.2738 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1041 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.73 Data out Today: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (actual 0.5%; prior 5.4%) 8:30 ET: September Retail Sales (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%; prior 0.4%) and Retail Sales ex-auto (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.0%) 10:00 ET: August Business Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.4%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +2.7 mln) 14:00 ET: October Fed Beige Book 16:00 ET: August Net Long-Term TIC Flows (prior $84.30 bln)08:04SUMRX Gapping up/down: BAC +2%, UAL +2% and PNC +1% after earnings, ACHN +83% and TECD +10% after M&A news/speculation, JNJ +1% after upgrade; ABT -2%, ASML -1% and IBKR -1% after earnings, NOW -3% and ADBE -2% after downgradesGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:SNBR +4.8%, BAC +2.4%, UAL +1.8%, USB +1.6%, BK +1.5%, PNC +1.2%, ALLY +1.2%M&A news:ACHN +83.3% (to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share) TECD +10.5% (said to have received roughly $130/share cash takeover bid from Apollo (APO), according to Reuters)Other news:ABC +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MCK +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)CAH +6.1% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MNK +4.8% (Armistice Capital discloses 8.5% passive stake) FULT +2.3% (approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020)ASMB +2.2% (to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting) AUPH +2.1% (reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter) ETN +1.6% (Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash)MGM +1.5% (MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln; announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln)NKTR +1.4% (after closing near highs - up 9% on the day)SFIX +1.2% (Director/10% owner disclosed the purchase of 150K shares)TW +0.9% (launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate)INCY +0.9% (announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease)Analyst comments:PSTG +5% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)AXSM +4.7% (initiated with a Buy at Guggenheim)CDXC +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $6)AVAV +3.4% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper Jaffray)EVFM +1.4% (resumed with an Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)JNJ +1.1% (upgraded to Neutral from Underweight at Atlantic Equities)INOV +0.8% (initiated with a Buy at Citigroup)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:ABT -1.8%, ASML -1.2%, IBKR -0.9%, FHN -0.9%Other news:PRQR -11.6% (prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share)RYTM -10% (prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share)PRNB -5.3% (prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share)WDAY -5% (under pressure following its Financial Analyst Day event)AKBA -3.7% (files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage)X -2.7% (proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026)NTRA -2% (proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock)RIO -1.9% (reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production)LLY -1.6% (announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival) PINS -1.2% (after falling to four-month low as IPO lockup expires)Analyst comments:NOW -3.2% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley)ADBE -2.4% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)XOG -1.1% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Stephens)COST -0.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Northcoast)08:02SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:ABT -1.8%, ASML -1.2%, IBKR -0.9%, FHN -0.9%Other news:PRQR -11.6% (prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share)RYTM -10% (prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share)PRNB -5.3% (prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share)WDAY -5% (under pressure following its Financial Analyst Day event)AKBA -3.7% (files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage)X -2.7% (proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026)NTRA -2% (proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock)RIO -1.9% (reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production)LLY -1.6% (announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival) PINS -1.2% (after falling to four-month low as IPO lockup expires)Analyst comments:NOW -3.2% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley)ADBE -2.4% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)XOG -1.1% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Stephens)COST -0.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Northcoast)08:01SABR Sabre acquires Radixx, an airline retailing software provider in the low cost carrier space, for approximately $110 million, including payments to debtholders, using cash on hand (21.45 )Radixx is expected to generate approximately $20 million of revenue in 2019. The acquisition is expected to be accretive over the medium term, but modestly dilutive to Sabre's Adjusted EPS in 2020 due to expected incremental investment in the fast-growing LCC space. Sabre expects an immaterial impact to its full year 2019 results from the acquisition.08:00SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:SNBR +4.8%, BAC +2.4%, UAL +1.8%, USB +1.6%, BK +1.5%, PNC +1.2%, ALLY +1.2%M&A news:ACHN +83.3% (to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share) TECD +10.5% (said to have received roughly $130/share cash takeover bid from Apollo (APO), according to Reuters)Other news:ABC +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MCK +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)CAH +6.1% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MNK +4.8% (Armistice Capital discloses 8.5% passive stake) FULT +2.3% (approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020)ASMB +2.2% (to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting) AUPH +2.1% (reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter) ETN +1.6% (Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash)MGM +1.5% (MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln; announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln)NKTR +1.4% (after closing near highs - up 9% on the day)SFIX +1.2% (Director/10% owner disclosed the purchase of 150K shares)TW +0.9% (launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate)INCY +0.9% (announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease)Analyst comments:PSTG +5% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)AXSM +4.7% (initiated with a Buy at Guggenheim)CDXC +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $6)AVAV +3.4% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper Jaffray)EVFM +1.4% (resumed with an Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)JNJ +1.1% (upgraded to Neutral from Underweight at Atlantic Equities)INOV +0.8% (initiated with a Buy at Citigroup)07:58WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.30.The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, below fair value after yesterday's earnings-relief rally. Today, investors continue to assess incoming earnings reports, U.S.-China trade relations, and an elusive Brexit deal.Bank of America (BAC 30.37, +0.64, +2.2%) headlines today's batch of bank earnings, and results have come in better than expected. United Airlines (UAL 89.10, +1.22, +1.4%) also topped earnings estimates and raised its FY19 EPS guidance. Overall, results have been better than feared, but political uncertainty has tempered sentiment.For instance, China warned it would take "strong countermeasures" against the U.S. if it passed the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The House of Representative passed the bill, but it remains uncertain when the Senate would vote. Elsewhere, some uncertainty remains on a modified Brexit deal despite reports yesterday indicating a draft deal was near.On the data front, investors will receive Retail Sales for September (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%) at 8:30 a.m. ET, Business Inventories for August (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) at 10:00 a.m. ET, the Fed's Beige Book for October at 2:00 p.m. ET, and Net Long-Term TIC Flows for August at 4:00 p.m. ET. The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index ticked up 0.5% following a 5.4% increase in the prior week.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.60%, and the 10-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.74%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.34. WTI crude is up 0.3%, or $0.16, to $52.98/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Bank of America (BAC 30.37, +0.64): +2.2% after beating earnings estimates. McKesson Corporation (MCK 149.00, +10.83): +7.8% alongside gains in Cardinal Health (CAH 49.17, +1.27, +2.7%) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC 87.94, +4.74, +5.7%) after The Wall Street Journal reported the companies are in talks to settle opioid litigation for $18 billion. The payment would be phased over 18 years. United Airlines (UAL 89.10, +1.22): +1.4% after beating earnings estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance. UAL also raised its FY19 cost guidance, though. U.S. Bancorp (USB 54.55, +0.79): +1.5% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. PNC Financial Services (PNC 143.25, +1.38): +1.0% after it also beat top and bottom-line expectations.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +1.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.6%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.4%, India's Sensex +0.2%, South Korea's Kospi +0.7%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +1.2%.In economic data:South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%)New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)In news:The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it expected to also clear the Senate.Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.Major European indices trade near their flat lines. STOXX Europe 600 UNCH, Germany's DAX +0.3%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.2%, France's CAC 40 UNCH, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.1%.In economic data:Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%)U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%)Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)In news:There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.07:53ASMB Assembly Biosciences to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting (9.30 )ABI-H0731 -- Continued Therapy with ABI-H0731+Nrtl Results in Sequential Reduction/Loss of HBV DNA, HBV RNA, HBeAg, HBcrAg and HBsAg in HBeAg-Positive PatientsAbstract Summary: Final results from Phase 2a are reported for HBeAg+ patients with chronic HBV infection treated with 731+Nrtl for 24 weeks. In Study 202 (Rx nave patients), greater mean log10 declines in HBV DNA (5.27 vs 3.99; p=0.017) and RNA (2.34 vs 0.61; p<0.001) were achieved with 731+Nrtl (entecavir) versus entecavir alone. In Study 201 (Nrtl-suppressed patients), the proportion of patients on 731+Nrtl versus Nrtl alone achieving DNA target not detected (TND) was 69% vs 0% (p<0.001), and the proportion of patients achieving RNA <35 U/mL whose RNA was less than 35 U/mL at baseline was 52% vs 0% (p=0.0013) respectively. In Study 211, there are 64 HBeAg+ patients currently on extended treatment beyond 24 weeks. Among the 27 HBeAg+ patients receiving 731+Nrtl in Study 201, 41% (11/27) have now achieved DNA TND along with RNA <35 U/mL and HBeAg <1 IU/mL. At their last timepoint, Study 202 patients now in Study 211 (n=22) have demonstrated mean DNA and RNA declines of 6.1 and 3.0 logs, respectively, with observed mean log changes of more than or equal to 0.6 for HBeAg (11 patients more than or equal to 0.5, 4 patients more than or equal to 1.0), >0.8 log for HBcrAg (7 patients more than or equal to 1.0, 3 patients more than or equal to 2.0) and more than or equal to 0.4 log for HBsAg (7 patients more than or equal to 0.5, 3 patients more than or equal to 1.0). 731 continues to exhibit a favorable safety and tolerability profile in patients treated for up to 1 year, with only mild/moderate adverse events and lab abnormalities, and only a single discontinuation due to a Grade 1 rash. The combination of 731+NrtI results in faster and deeper declines in HBV DNA and RNA than NrtI alone, as well as subsequent declines in the surrogate markers of cccDNA (pgRNA, HBeAg and HBcrAg) predictive of cccDNA pool depletion, and HBsAg. The emergent data supports the continued development of 731. ABI-H2158 -- The Second-Generation Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) Core Inhibitor (CI) ABI-H2158 is Associated with Potent Antiviral Activity in a 14-Day Monotherapy Study in HBeAg-positive Patients with Chronic Hepatitis B (CHB)Abstract Summary: The Phase 1b study is enrolling sequential cohorts of 9 patients and each cohort will be randomized to receive 2158 or placebo (7:2) QD for 14 days in a blinded manner. Dosing in the 1st cohort (100 mg) has been completed. In patients receiving 2158, mean declines from Baseline to Day 15 in HBV DNA and RNA levels were 2.3 log10 IU/mL [range 1.7 -- 3.0] and 2.1 log10 IU/mL [range 1.5 - 2.7] respectively. No serious AEs, dose limiting toxicities or premature discontinuations were reported. Three patients reported a total of 5 mild, drug-related AEs that recovered without intervention; dizziness, fatigue, rash, headache and upper abdominal pain. Treatment emergent laboratory abnormalities were infrequent, mild and transient, with no ALT elevations Grade more than or equal to 1 in severity. Day 14 plasma 2158 Cmax and AUC0-24hr were 3,390 ng/mL and 46,100 hr*ng/mL, respectively. Results from the initial 100 mg low dose of ABI-H2158 cohort demonstrated potent antiviral activity, a favorable safety profile when administered for 14 days, and support once daily dosing in CHB patients.07:43PAG Penske Auto increases quarterly dividend to $0.41/share from $0.40/share (45.08 )07:38ABT Abbott Labs reports EPS in-line, revs in-line; guides Q4 EPS in-line (81.98 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.84 per share, in-line with the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.84; revenues rose 5.5% year/year to $8.08 bln vs the $8.1 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus, and 7.6 percent on an organic basis including 3.8% in nutrition, 6.6% in diagnostics, 7.9% in established pharma and 10.6% in medical devices. FreeStyle Libre achieved worldwide sales of $496 million in the quarter, an increase of 63.1 percent on a reported basis and 67.6 percent on an organic basis versus the prior year. During the third quarter, FreeStyle Libre obtained public reimbursement coverage in Ontario and Quebec, becoming the first and only sensor-based glucose monitoring system to be listed by any provincial health plan in Canada. Worldwide sales of MitraClip were $176 million in the quarter, an increase of 30.4 percent on a reported basis and 31.9 percent on an organic basis, including U.S. growth of 45.7 percent versus the prior year. During the third quarter, Abbott announced U.S. FDA approval of its next-generation MitraClip device, which offers enhancements and more sizes to offer doctors further options.Co issues in-line guidance for Q4, sees EPS of $0.94-0.96, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $0.95 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $3.23-3.25 from $3.21-3.27, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $3.24 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:36ALLY Ally Financial beats by $0.03, beats on revs (32.02 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.98; revenues rose 6.5% yr/yr to $1.62 bln vs the $1.57 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Consumer auto originations were $9.3 bln, up 14% yr/yr, sourced from a third quarter record 3.2 mln applications, up 11%yr/yr.Insurance written premiums were $357 mln, up 11%yr/yr.07:30NVCR NovoCure announces results from theSTELLAR trial were published in The Lancet Oncology (78.69 )Data showed a median overall survival of 18.2 months (95 percent CI, 12.1 months-25.8 months) for patients treated with NovoTTF-100L and pemetrexed plus cisplatin or carboplatin. One- and two-year survival rates were 62.2 percent (95 percent CI, 50.3 percent-72.0 percent) and 41.9 percent (95 percent CI, 28.0 percent-55.2 percent), respectively. No serious systemic adverse events were considered to be related to the use of NovoTTF-100L. The most common mild to moderate adverse event was skin irritation beneath the transducer arrays.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +0.3%, FTSE -0.2%, CAC UNCHMajor European indices trade near their flat lines. There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.In economic data: Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%) U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%) Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: UNCH Germany's DAX: +0.3% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.2% France's CAC 40: UNCH Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.1%---FX---EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.1031 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2755 USD/CHF: -0.1% to 0.998107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -3.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.80.07:15AMX America Movil SA reports 3Q19 results (15.16 )Q3 EPS of $0.20 (vs $0.30 last Q3)Q3 Revenues of 248 billion pesos were 0.2% higher than a year before in Mexican peso terms notwithstanding the depreciation of various currencies vis--vis the Mexican peso, particularly the Colombian and Argentinean pesos.EBITDA of 78.8 billion pesos (under IFRS16) was equivalent to 31.7% of revenues. Under comparable accounting standards, and at constant exchange rates ex-Argentina, EBITDA shot up 7.2% after adjusting for extraordinary items in Brazil and Austria. The co added 1.6 million postpaid subscribers in the third quarter, including 928 thousand in Brazil, 215 thousand in Mexico and 159 thousand in Austria.Mobile postpaid and fixed-broadband remain the main drivers of access growth at 7.8% and 5.6% year-on-year respectively, while mobile prepaid subs and PayTV units declined 3.5% and 2.5%; fixed-voice accesses were roughly flat.07:04S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -18.00.07:04European MarketsFTSE...7199.59...-12.10...-0.20%. DAX...12652.32...+22.50...+0.20%.07:04Asian MarketsNikkei...22473...+265.70...+1.20%. Hang Seng...26664...+160.40...+0.60%.07:04PACW PacWest Bancorp misses by $0.01 (36.87 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.92 per share, $0.01 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.93Q3 Net interest margin of 4.46% vs 4.72% in Q207:02SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up: SNBR +10.4%, MCK +7.8%, ABC +5.7%, CDXC +4.6%, CAH +2.7%, PNC +2.5%, FULT +2.3%, BK +2.2%, USB +1.7%, USB +1.7%, NKTR +1.4%, UAL +1.3%, SFIX +1.2%, MGM +1.1%, BAC +0.9%, IBKR +0.5%Gapping down: PRQR -11.6%, RYTM -11.4%, PRNB -5.9%, AKBA -3.7%, X -3.6%, WDAY -3.3%, RIO -2.3%, NTRA -2%, CHRW -1.5%, TW -0.8%, PINS -0.6%07:01CTSH Cognizant Tech to acquire Contino; terms not disclosed (61.34 )Contino is a privately-held technology consulting firm that specializes in helping Global 2,000 clients accelerate their digital transformation by leveraging enterprise DevOps methodologies, a cloud-native development approach, and advanced data platforms.07:01INCY Incyte announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease (78.52 )Results of randomized Phase 3 REACH2 trial show that ruxolitinib significantly improves overall response rate (ORR) at 28 days vs. best available therapy in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease (GvHD). Further analysis of the safety and efficacy data is ongoing. Novartis expects to initiate discussions with ex-U.S. regulatory authorities in 2020, and to submit REACH2 results for presentation at an upcoming scientific meeting.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +1.2%, Hang Seng +0.6%, Shanghai -0.4%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.In economic data: South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%) New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.6% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.4% India's Sensex: +0.2% South Korea's Kospi: +0.7% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +1.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.70 USD/CNH: +0.4% to 7.1080 USD/INR: -0.1% to 71.4506:55BAC Bank of America beats by $0.07, reports revs in-line (29.73 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.75 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.68; revenues rose 0.3% year/year to $22.95 bln vs the $22.73 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest yield (FTE basis) of 2.41%, declined 4 bps."Our teammates delivered another strong quarter of earnings and returns for shareholders. In a moderately growing economy, we focused on driving those things that are controllable. We made continued strong investments in our capabilities to serve customers, more relationship management teammates, more and refurbished branches and offices, and more digital capabilities, all while core expenses are flat. Our client activity, the expansion of our client base, and our ability to gain market share across most of our businesses in the quarter, all reflect responsible growth."06:52USB U.S. Bancorp beats by $0.04, beats on revs (53.76 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.15 per share, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.11; revenues rose 3.9% yr/yr to $5.92 bln vs the $5.81 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.The net interest margin in the third quarter of 2019 was 3.02%, compared with 3.15% in the third quarter of 2018 and 3.13% in the second quarter of 2019. Net interest margin decreased year-over-year primarily due to the impacts of the yield curve as well as deposit and funding mix and higher cash balances.06:48PNC PNC beats by $0.14, beats on revs (140.72 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.94 per share, $0.14 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.80; revenues rose 3.1% year/year to $4.49 bln vs the $4.41 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest margin decreased 7 basis points to 2.84%. Overall credit quality for the third quarter of 2019 remained strong. Provision for credit losses for the third quarter increased $3 million compared with the second quarter. A higher provision for the consumer loan portfolio driven by higher auto loan and credit card reserves was substantially offset by a lower provision for the commercial lending portfolio reflecting the sale of franchise finance loans and comparatively lower loan growth.06:46LLY Eli Lilly announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival (109.70 )The most common Grade 3/4 adverse events occurring at a higher rate (>5% difference) on the pegilodecakin-plus-FOLFOX arm compared to the FOLFOX arm were neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, fatigue and anemia. Detailed efficacy and safety results will be submitted for presentation at a future medical meeting.06:44WIRES On The WiresEnergy Fuels Inc. (UUUU) is aware that multiple news outlets are reporting that the deadline for the U.S. Nuclear Fuel Working Group to make recommendations to President Trump on how to reinvigorate domestic nuclear fuel production, originally set for October 10, 2019, has been extended by up to 30 days. While these news reports appear credible, the Company is not aware of any official announcement of an extension from the administration.HEXO (HEXO) says it is committed to playing an important role in eliminating the black market and in protecting public health and safety, and to this end is pleased to announce the launch of Original Stash, its new value brand. Adult-use consumers will now be able to purchase 28 grams (1 oz) at black market prices, at a retail price in Quebec of $125.70 including sales taxes, equivalent to $4.49 a gram all in.HitGen Inc. announced that it has entered into a drug discovery research collaboration with Galapagos NV (GLPG) to identify potential small molecule leads against targets of interest to Galapagos NV. In this collaboration, HitGen will apply its technology platform, based on DNA-encoded library design, synthesis and interrogation, to discover novel leads. Under the terms of the agreement, HitGen will receive an undisclosed upfront payment and will be eligible for milestone payments from Galapagos NV.Energous Corporation (WATT) announced a partnership with ZPower, the world's only developer of silver-zinc microbattery technology, to develop WattUp-enabled ZPower rechargeable microbatteries.Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (NEPT) announced that its Sherbrooke, Quebec facility started to process biomass using its new cold ethanol equipment. The first shipments of cannabis extracts produced with our ethanol equipment are expected in the coming weeks once the final release testing is completed on the first batches that have been extracted. Combined with Neptune's CO2 extraction line, the Company's capacity to process biomass is expected to reach an annual run rate of 200,000 kg by the end of November.06:42CMA Comerica beats by $0.06, reports revs in-line (67.00 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.96 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.90; revenues rose 1.1% year/year to $842 mln vs the $836.1 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest income decreased $17 million, and net interest margin decreased 15 basis points, compared to second quarter 2019.Q4 Outlook:Average loans stable, reflecting growth in several lines of business, including a seasonal increase in National Dealer Services, offset by a decrease in Mortgage Banker Finance due to seasonality and lower refinancing activity. Average deposits stable with continued focus on attracting and retaining relationship-based deposits.Decline in net interest income due to the net impact of lower interest rates of approximately $35 million (includes a 25 basis point anticipated reduction in the federal funds rate in December 2019), as well as lower interest recoveries and loan fees from elevated third quarter levels.Noninterest income relatively stable, excluding the impact of deferred compensation asset returns, with higher syndication fees and fiduciary income in third quarter 2019 that are unlikely to repeat.06:36AUPH Aurinia Pharma reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter (4.67 )The company also reported today that, further to its Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC previously announced on September 13, 2019, in relation to at-the-market ("ATM") offerings of common shares, the company has completed the sale of 2,343,750 common shares at a weighted average price of US$6.40 for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately US$15 million. The company does not intend to conduct further sales pursuant to the ATM at this time.06:33ACHN Achillion Pharma to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share (3.65 )The initial consideration of approximately $930 million, or $6.30 per share of Achillion common stock, will be funded with cash on hand. As part of the acquisition, Alexion will also be acquiring the cash currently on Achillion's balance sheet. As of September 30, 2019, this was approximately $230 million; the actual amount will be determined as of the transaction close. The transaction includes the potential for additional consideration in the form of non-tradeable contingent value rights (CVRs), which will be paid to Achillion shareholders if certain clinical and regulatory milestones are achieved within specified periods. These include $1.00 per share for the U.S. FDA approval of danicopan and $1.00 per share for ACH-5228 Phase 3 initiation.06:33BK BNY Mellon beats by $0.08, misses on revs (44.36 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.07 per share, $0.08 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.99; revenues fell 5.1% year/year to $3.86 bln vs the $3.92 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Fee revenue decreased 1% primarily reflecting the cumulative AUM outflows since 3Q18, lower performance fees and the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, partially offset by higher fees in Issuer Services and Clearance and Collateral Management and higher client assets and volumes in Pershing. Net interest revenue decreased 18% primarily reflecting the lease-related impairment of $70 million, higher interest-bearing deposit and funding costs and lower noninterest-bearing deposit balances, partially offset by the benefit of higher rates earned on interest-earning assets. The lease-related impairment decreased net interest revenue 8%. Sequentially, nearly all of the 9% decrease in net interest revenue was driven by the lease-related impairment.AUC/A of $35.8 trillion, increased 4%, primarily reflecting higher market values and net new business, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. AUM of $1.9 trillion, increased 3%, primarily reflecting higher market values, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar (principally versus the British pound) and net outflows."We're encouraged by fee growth across many of the businesses within Investment Services. Interest rate headwinds and deposit mix continue to challenge net interest revenue and Asset Management continues to be negatively impacted by prior-year outflows. We are taking actions to improve performance and we remain focused on investing in our future while controlling our overall expenses. Our company is well positioned to continue returning significant amounts of capital to shareholders"06:33FHN First Horizon beats by $0.01, beats on revs (16.15 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.43 per share, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.42; revenues rose 2.3% year/year to $472.4 mln vs the $466.1 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:22ITGR Integer Holdings Board approves change to the Company's fiscal year, comments on impact to guidance (75.22 )Upon receipt of the customary approval of the lenders under the Company's senior credit facilities, the Company's current fiscal year will end on December 31, 2019, rather than January 3, 2020, with subsequent fiscal years beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31."We estimate this reduction of three days in our 2019 fiscal calendar (of which two are business days) will lower 2019 sales by $4 million to $6 million, which we expect will put us at the low end of our prior sales guidance of $1,265 million to $1,280 million. We expect to be solidly within our prior guidance for earnings per diluted share ("EPS") and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") as our manufacturing excellence strategic imperative is generating efficiency that offsets the impact of the lower sales. 2019 guidance remains unchanged: EPS of $2.89 to $3.09 per share, adjusted EPS of $4.25 to $4.45 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $277 million to $285 million."06:18PRQR ProQR Therapeutics prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share (6.22 )06:17RYTM Rhythm Pharmaceuticals prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share (20.89 )06:16BPMC Blueprint Medicines & Ipsen (IPSEY) enter into exclusive, worldwide license agreement for the development and commercialization of BLU-782 (74.49 )The agreement enhances Ipsen's Rare Diseases portfolio and advances Blueprint Medicines' goal of rapidly and efficiently developing BLU-782 as a potential treatment for patients with FOP. Ipsen has demonstrated its commitment to leadership in this complex ultra-rare genetic disorder through the ongoing late-stage clinical development of palovarotene, an investigational retinoic acid receptor gamma agonist. With the addition of BLU-782, which recently completed dosing in a Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers, Ipsen has the potential to offer the broadest possible suite of treatment options for patients with FOP.Subject to the terms of the license agreement, Blueprint Medicines will be eligible to receive up to $535 million in upfront, milestone and other payments, including an upfront cash payment of $25 million and up to $510 million in potential milestone payments related to specified development, regulatory and sales-based milestones for licensed products in up to two indications, including FOP. In addition, Ipsen will pay Blueprint Medicines tiered percentage royalties ranging from the low- to mid-teens on worldwide aggregate annual net sales of licensed products, subject to adjustment in specified circumstances under the license agreement.06:15ASML ASML beats by 0.04, misses on revs; guides Q4 revs in-line (267.54 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of 1.49 per share, 0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of 1.45; revenues rose 7.6% year/year to 2.99 bln vs the 3.03 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross Margin was 43.7% vs. guidance for between 43% and 44%.Co issues in-line guidance for Q4, sees Q4 revs of ~3.9 bln vs. 3.93 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees gross margin between 48% and 49%.ASML announces that it has revised its capital return policy to provide for dividend payments on a semi-annual basis. ASML's dividend proposals will continue to be subject to the availability of distributable profits or retained earnings and other factors, such as future liquidity requirements. The interim dividend over 2019 will be EUR 1.05 per ordinary share.Through September 29, 2019, ASML has acquired 8.2 million shares under this program for a total consideration of EUR 1.4 billion. ASML does not expect to purchase the full EUR 2.5 billion of shares within the 2018-2019 time frame.06:15PRNB Principia Biopharma prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share (29.91 )06:13CHTR Charter Comm prices $1.5 bln of 4.80% senior secured notes due 2050 and $500 mln of senior unsecured notes due 2030 (432.92 )06:11INGR Ingredion issues statement on malware; not aware of evidence that any customer, supplier or employee data has been improperly accessed, misused, or transferred by any third party (81.09 )06:08HTHT Huazhu Group announces preliminary Q3 results for hotel operations, sees net revenue in line with guidance (34.07 )Blended average daily room rate (in RMB) was +2.6% yr/yr to 245Blended occupancy rate (as a percentage) was -3.1pp yr/yr to 87.7% Blended revPAR (in RMB) was -0.8% yr/yr to 215Net revenue for 2019 Q3 is expected to increase by 10%-11% year-over-year, in line with guidance06:04MOH Molina Healthcare to acquire certain assets of YourCare Health Plan for approximately $40 mln (117.47 )The co announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of YourCare Health Plan, Inc., a not-for-profit subsidiary of Monroe Plan for Medical Care. As a part of the transaction, Molina will assume the right to serve approximately 46,000 Medicaid members in seven counties in the Western New York and Finger Lakes regions. Monroe and its affiliate MP CareSolutions will continue to provide certain management and administrative services related to member care and provider relations.The purchase price of approximately $40 million will be funded through Molina's available cash. Subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other customary conditions, the closing of the transaction is expected to occur in early 2020. YourCare's estimated premium revenue for the full year 2019 is approximately $285 million.06:03CBSH Commerce Bancshares beats by $0.06, reports revs in-line (60.25 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.98 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.92; revenues fell 0.8% year/year to $336.3 mln vs the $337.31 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets continue offbeat toneThe global equity markets lack congruent direction once again this morning. S&P Futures are down about ten points and are trading near the 2988 area. The overnight range was average with a high of 2997.75 and a low sitting at 2984.75.In Asia, the Nikkei gained over 1%, while the Shanghai slipped 0.4%. The Nikkei made a two-month high on a day that saw automakers strong across the board with Toyota, Nissan and Honda all pacing the way with 1% gains. Chinese markets dipped lower after unsettling reports that the "phase one" deal that was "agreed" upon over the weekend may unravel.In Europe, the major bourses are echoing the broader sentiment with a mixed tone. Last minute Brexit talks remain the dominating talking point throughout the region and the markets appear to have taken a cautious tone thus far. Contrary to Japan, EU automakers are weaker this morning despite September Passenger Car Registrations rising over 14%.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -7.010 yr Note: 1.72%USD/JPY: 108.66 -0.19EUR/USD: 1.1029 -0.0004Europe: FTSE -0.3% DAX +0.1% CAC -0.3%Asia: Hang Seng +0.6% Shanghai -0.4% Nikkei +1.2%Gold (1485.70 +2.20) Silver (17.29 -0.09) Crude (52.69 -0.12)18:20EDIT Editas Medicine and Asklepios BioPharmaceutical enter strategic research collaboration to explore in vivo delivery of genome editing medicines to treat neurological diseases (20.28 +0.45)18:19TW Tradeweb Markets launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate (39.91 0.00)Tradeweb intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to purchase equity interests from certain existing owners. Refinitiv will continue to own a controlling interest in Tradeweb following the offering.17:53RIO Rio Tinto reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production (51.40 -0.44)Pilbara iron ore shipments of 86.1 million tonnes (100% basis) in the third quarter were 5% higher than the third quarter of 2018. Pilbara iron ore production of 87.3 million tonnes (100% basis) was 6% higher than the third quarter of 2018 and 10% higher than the previous quarter, reflecting a good recovery from the operational and weather challenges experienced earlier in the year. Third quarter bauxite production and shipments to third parties were 9% and 23% higher, respectively, than the same period of 2018. Aluminium production of 0.8 million tonnes was 3% lower than the third quarter of 2018. Mined copper production of 158 thousand tonnes was 1% lower than the third quarter of 2018, but 15% higher than the second quarter. At the Oyu Tolgoi underground project, the primary production shaft (shaft 2) remains on track for commissioning this month. Guidance is unchanged, with the exception of bauxite production, which has been revised to around 54 million tonnes (previously 56 to 59 million tonnes), and alumina production, which has been revised to around 7.7 million tonnes (previously 8.1 to 8.4 million tonnes).17:48NTRA Natera proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock pursuant to automatically effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (39.22 +1.03)17:41HBB Hamilton Beach Brands to wind down of the retail operations of The Kitchen Collection and the closure of all 160 stores by the end of 2019 (16.66 +0.73)Sales will commence at all Kitchen Collection stores in the next few days and continue through the holiday selling season. Kitchen Collection has ~800 employees. "While operating losses have moderated from the prior year in the first half of 2019, Kitchen Collection continues to experience decreased comparable store sales as a result of declining foot traffic due to the consumer shift to e-commerce sales. Despite our best efforts to return Kitchen Collection to profitability through footprint consolidation, further deterioration in foot traffic has lowered our outlook for the prospects of a future return to profitability and positive cash flow generation. We have evaluated strategic alternatives to maximize the value of the Kitchen Collection business and reached the difficult but necessary decision that it is in the best interests of the company and all of its stakeholders to wind down the business by the end of 2019."During the third quarter, Kitchen Collection expects to record a non-cash, pretax impairment charge of $1 mln related to property, plant and equipment and a valuation allowance of $1.9 mln related to deferred tax assets primarily for state net operating losses. During the fourth quarter, Kitchen Collection expects to incur expenses in the range of $4 mln to $6 mln. Total cash expenditures relating to the Wind Down, excluding cash expenditures in the ordinary course as Kitchen Collection continues to operate, to be in the range of $6 mln to $8 mln.17:36HON Honeywell names Mike Madsen as Pres/CEO of Honeywell Aerospace and appoints Jeff Kimbell as Chief Commercial Officer (163.64 +0.66)Madsen succeeds Tim Mahoney, who held the role for the past 10 years and has been named Senior Vice President, Enterprise Transformation. Madsen and Mahoney will work closely over the coming weeks to ensure a smooth transition of responsibilities.17:33PNFP Pinnacle Finl beats by $0.10, beats on revs; approves new share repurchase authorization for an additional $100 mln (56.56 +0.57)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.45 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.10 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.35; revenues rose 15.6% year/year to $278.43 mln vs the $267.58 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q3 net interest margin decreased by 0.05 percent from the second quarter, primarily due to reduced yields on securities portfolio as well as increased balance sheet liquidity."We anticipate the office closures to be finalized in the fourth quarter, while several of the other assets are under contract. Additionally, our performance in the third quarter allowed us to increase our 2019 expected incentive payout resulting in an increase of $7.5 million in third quarter incentive costs over the amount recorded in the second quarter. We anticipate that incentive costs for the fourth quarter of 2019 will be less than those recorded in the third quarter and more consistent with the amounts reported in the second quarter of 2019."17:27NTRA Natera files for $175 mln common stock shelf offering (39.22 +1.03)17:26ARCE Arco Platform files for $1 bln mixed securities shelf offering (48.25 +1.70)17:19SU Suncor Energy announces closing of investment in Enerkem (29.77 -0.17)Enerkem, a waste-to-biofuels and chemicals producer, today announced the closing of a $50 mln equity investment from Suncor. As Canada's leading integrated energy company, Suncor first participated in the ownership of Enerkem in April 2019 as part of a $76.3 mln equity financing alongside Enerkem's existing shareholders. With this new investment, Suncor becomes a significant, strategic shareholder of Enerkem. In addition to its equity interest, Suncor also provides technical resources to support the operations of the Enerkem Alberta Biofuels plant located in Edmonton.17:13CRNC Cerence files for ~651K share common stock offering by selling shareholders (15.95 -0.83)17:11IBKR Interactive Brokers misses EPS, beats on revenue (47.44 +0.40)Q3 GAAP EPS $0.45 vs. $0.49 consensus; net revenue +6% to $466 mln vs. $461.4 mln consensus. The results for the quarter were positively impacted by strong growth in net interest income, which increased $47 million, or 19%, and commissions revenue, which increased $20 million, or 12%, from the year-ago quarter; partially counterbalanced by lower other income, which decreased $40 million from the year-ago quarter.17:02DNKN Dunkin' announces departure of Tony Weisman, Chief Marketing Officer Dunkin' U.S., effective December 1 (76.90 -0.01)Mr. Weisman had been with the company since September 2017. The company will immediately begin a search for his replacement, and Mr. Weisman has agreed to assist in the search. Until the appointment of a new CMO, the marketing department will report to Dave Hoffmann, Dunkin' Brands CEO and Dunkin' U.S. President.16:49HWC Hancock Whitney beats by $0.02; approves increased buyback authorization of 5.5 mlnshares (38.48 +0.82)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.03 per share, excluding $0.26 per share merger related costs, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.01. NIM narrowed by 4 bps to 3.41%. The decrease in the net interest margin was primarily attributable to a decline in the earning asset yield (7 bps), partially offset by a decline in the cost of funds (3 bps).16:48AKBA Akebia Therapeutics files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage (4.32 +0.18)Akebia Therapeutics today filed a complaint in federal district court against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The lawsuit challenges a September 2018 decision by CMS that rescinded Medicare Part D coverage of Auryxia (ferric citrate), Akebia's FDA-approved drug, when used for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) not on dialysis. The legal action also seeks to reverse a related decision by CMS that imposed a prior authorization requirement for Auryxia when used for the control of serum phosphorus levels in adult patients with CKD on dialysis.16:45RE Everest Re reports prelim Q3 pre-tax catastrophe loss estimate of $280 mln ($225 mln net of tax) (251.54 +0.93)These estimates specifically exclude any losses from Typhoon Hagibis which made landfall in Japan on October 12. The Everest estimated losses are based on a review of the Company's exposures, catastrophe models, best available information from customers and intermediaries, and industry insured loss estimates of approximately $8.5 billion for Dorian and $9 billion for Faxai. Given the recent date of the loss events, there is meaningful uncertainty as to the ultimate loss amounts.16:42SVM Silvercorp Metals reports results of exploration programs at LMW mine in China (3.70 -0.19)Silvercorp Metals reports the results of its exploration programs from April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2019 at the LMW mine, Ying Mining District, Henan Province, China. Exploration drilling is ongoing at the LMW mine and all other mines at the Ying Mining District.During this period, Silvercorp completed 21,272 meters of underground diamond drilling and 3,274m of exploration tunneling at the LMW mine. Results of underground drilling continuously extended the major mineralized vein structures along strike and downdip, and exploration tunneling exposed high-grade mineralization zones within major production vein structures.Highlights of selected drill hole intersections include:Hole ZKX11111 intersected a 1.34m interval from 135.86m to 137.20m, 0.97m true width, of vein LM17W1 grading 1,211 grams per tonne ("g/t") silver ("Ag"), 11.58% lead ("Pb"), and 0.92% zinc ("Zn") at the 634m elevation; Hole ZKX1302 intersected a 1.22m interval from 121.20m to 122.42m, 1.21m true width, of a new vein grading 661g/t Ag, 14.00% Pb, and 0.28% Zn at the 708m elevation; and Hole ZKX0513 intersected a 1.66m interval from 185.43m to 187.09m, 1.36m true width, of vein LM17W grading 859g/t Ag, 4.53% Pb, and 0.31% Zn at the 661m elevation.16:41GRTS Gritstone Oncology files for $250 mln mixed securities shelf offering (8.57 0.00)16:36NANO Nanometrics and Rudolph Technologies (RTEC) provide post-merger details - combined company will be named Onto Innovation and trade on NYSE under symbol ONTO; expected to close before the end of October (33.41 +0.73)16:34ETN Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash (82.18 +1.32)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to sell its Lighting business to Signify N.V. for a cash purchase price of $1.4 bln. The decision follows a comprehensive review of various potential transaction alternatives. Eaton's Lighting business is one of the world's leading providers of LED lighting and control solutions. The business, which had sales of $1.7 bln in 2018, serves customers in commercial, industrial, residential and municipal markets.16:33AEE Ameren announces organizational changes; appoints Michael Moehn as CFO, effective December 1 (75.80 -0.49)In a rotation of responsibilities, Marty Lyons, currently EVP and CFO, and President of Ameren Services, who has served as CFO for the last decade, will become President of Ameren Missouri, while Mr. Moehn, who is currently President of Ameren Missouri, will become EVP and CFO, and President of Ameren Services.16:33AVD American Vanguard guides Q3 well below consensus; cuts FY19 revenue guidance (15.32 +0.26)Sees Q3 revs +10% to $123 mln vs $140.43 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Within the overall top line, net sales of the company's international businesses rose ~24% compared to the third quarter of 2018, while domestic sales were flat. This change in top line performance, coupled with lower factory absorption, higher operating expenses arising largely from acquisitions, and other factors, will adversely affect net income for the period. Thus, management expects that quarterly earnings per share are likely to be less than half of the [$0.23] consensus estimate and will provide conclusive data on that subject in its next earnings release."Focusing on full year 2019 results, we expect consolidated sales to increase by about 6% year-over-year with mixed performance among our major markets. International sales should increase by about 27% for the full year. However, our domestic sales will likely decrease by about 5% on a per annum basis, which we believe is consistent with industry-wide forecasts showing domestic markets receding by 6% to 12%. With these considerations in mind, we are revising our full year 2019 net sales forecast downward to ~$480 million [from $500 mln vs. $499 mln consensus]. Other previously forecasted financial metrics relating to 2019 remain unchanged since our last earnings call."16:29LW Lamb Weston forms joint venture with Sociedad Comercial del Plata in Argentina (75.50 -0.34)Lamb Weston has formed a joint venture with Sociedad Comercial del Plata in Argentina to serve the nearly 2-billion-pound South American market. Each partner will own 50% of the new joint venture, Lamb Weston Alimentos Modernos S.A. The JV will sell frozen potato products under the Rapipap and Morixe brands and will operate a manufacturing facility in Munro, Buenos Aires, Argentina with annual capacity of approx. 130 million pounds of finished goods. Terms of the agreement were not disclosed.16:29TW Tradeweb Markets files for 14.8 mln share Class A common stock offering (39.91 0.00)16:25VER VEREIT entered into Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement in connection with Witchko v. Schorsch (9.69 -0.01). On October 4, 2019, the court issued an order granting preliminary approval of the Derivative Stipulation and the settlement set forth therein and, as required thereby, the Company is providing notice to current stockholders of VEREIT.16:25WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 rose 1.0% on Tuesday, as JPMorgan Chase (JPM 119.96, +3.51, +3.0%), UnitedHealth (UNH 238.59, +18.00, +8.2%), and Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 132.84, +2.12, +1.6%) kicked off the third quarter reporting season with better-than-expected earnings results.The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.9%, the Nasdaq Composite gained 1.2%, and the Russell 2000 gained 1.2%.Most of today's advance came in the early going. The S&P 500 opened just 0.3% higher, and it quickly pushed to session highs amid news that the EU and UK are nearing a draft Brexit deal and that General Motors (GM 36.26, +0.76, +2.1%) and the UAW could also reach a deal soon. Although nothing was finalized, the optimism helped solidify a risk-on mindset following today's batch of better-than-feared earnings results.The benchmark index traded around the 3000 level for most of the session, supported by gains in nine of its 11 sectors. The health care sector (+1.8%) provided the leadership, followed by the communication services (+1.6%) and financials (+1.3%) sectors. The consumer staples (-0.4%) and utilities (-0.3%) sectors ended the day lower.Wells Fargo (WFC 50.07, +0.80, +1.6%), Citigroup (C 71.23, +0.99, +1.4%), and Goldman Sachs (GS 206.41, +0.59, +0.3%) each began the day in negative territory after the banks provided mixed results, but a turnaround in shares provided extra support for the early move higher.Elsewhere, the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+2.2%) set a new all-time high on Tuesday. 29 of its 30 components finished higher, with NVIDIA (NVDA 196.37, +9.84, +5.3%) advancing the most after its price target was raised to $250 from $225 at Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.Trade news continued to make headlines, although the muted reaction likely reflected some exhaustion to trade speculation. "People familiar with the matter" told Bloomberg News that China may struggle fulfilling part of its agreement to purchase $50 billion of U.S. agricultural goods unless President Trump lifts retaliatory tariffs.U.S. Treasuries finished near their session lows, leaving yields slightly higher. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.61%, and the 10-yr yield increased two basis points to 1.77%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 98.31. WTI crude declined 1.4%, or $0.76, to $53.55/bbl.Tuesday's economic data was limited to the Empire State Manufacturing Survey for October, which increased to 4.0 (Briefing.com consensus -1.0) from 2.0. On Wednesday, investors will receive Retail Sales for September, Business Inventories for August, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and Net Long-Term TIC Flows for August.Nasdaq Composite +22.8% YTDS&P 500 +19.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.9% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD16:24AMK AssetMark issues September report; platform assets increased to $57.9 bln (25.69 +0.06)Company highlights for the month of September 2019 include:Platform assets of $57.9 bln at the end of September, up 20.9% yr/yr. Net flows were $312 mln in the month of September, down 24.3% yr/yr. AssetMark Trust Company client cash increased 48.3% yr/yr. Number of households increased 23.0% yr/yr to 159,496 at the end of September.16:23RNR RenaissanceRe currently estimates that losses from Q3 catastrophe events will have an estimated net negative impact of ~ $155 million on operations (191.16 -0.44)16:19UAL United Airlines beats by $0.11, reports revs in-line; raises FY19 EPS, in-line (87.88 +0.91)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $4.07 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.11 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $3.96; revenues rose 3.4% year/year to $11.38 bln vs the $11.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. adjusted pre-tax margin +250 bps to 12.1%. Consolidated third quarter passenger revenue per available seat mile (PRASM) increased 1.7 percent year-over-year. Consolidated third quarter CASM, excluding special charges, third party business expenses, fuel and profit sharing, increased 2.1 percent year-over-year. "Thanks to the outstanding efforts of our employees, United extended our streak of expanding pre-tax margin on a quarterly basis. It provides us further confidence to raise our full year 2019 adjusted diluted EPS guidance, putting us ahead of pace to achieve our goal of $11 to $13 in adjusted diluted EPS by the end of 2020," said Oscar Munoz, CEO of United Airlines. "While headwinds affected the sector as a whole this quarter, United's team once again demonstrated a robust ability to overcome adverse cost pressure, managing to continue growing our network while investing in winning our customers' loyalty through smart enhancements to the United experience."Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, raises EPS to $11.25-12.25 from $10.50-12.00, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $11.86 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:18RYTM Rhythm Pharmaceuticals proposes public offering of up to $150 mln shares of common stock (20.89 +0.48)16:16MGM MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln (27.87 -0.10)MGM Resorts International has entered into a definitive agreement to form a joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellagio at $4.25 bln, which represents a purchase price multiple of 17.3x rent.In this "landmark transaction for the gaming and entertainment industry," the JV will acquire the Bellagio real estate and lease it back to a subsidiary of MGM Resorts for initial annual rent of $245 mln. MGM Resorts will receive a 5% equity interest in the joint venture and cash of approx. $4.2 bln. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019, subject to certain closing conditions.Between the Bellagio transaction and the pending Circus Circus sale, the company is expecting to receive gross proceeds of approx. $5 bln and estimated net cash proceeds (including expected transaction costs) of $4.3 bln.16:14PRQR ProQR Therapeutics announces intention to sell $50 mln of common stock in public offering (6.22 -0.08)16:10PRQR ProQR Therapeutics receives Rare Pediatric Disease designation from the FDA for sepofarsen for the treatment of LCA10 (6.22 -0.08)ProQR Therapeutics received Rare Pediatric Disease designation from the FDA for sepofarsen for the treatment of Leber's congenital amaurosis 10 (LCA10), the most common cause of blindness due to genetic disease in children. Sepofarsen (QR-110) is a first-in-class investigational RNA-based oligonucleotide designed to address the underlying cause of LCA10 due to the p.Cys998X mutation in the CEP290 gene16:09FULT Fulton Fincl approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020 (15.88 +0.16)16:08SNBR Sleep Number beats by $0.15, beats on revs, comps +10%; raises lower end of full year EPS guidance; guides revs in-line (46.86 +0.67)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.94 per share, $0.15 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues rose 14.5% year/year to $474.78 mln vs the $462.06 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Same store comps in Q3 were +10%.Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $2.45-2.75 vs. $2.58 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and vs prior guidance of $2.35-2.75; sees FY19 revenue up as much as +10%, which we compute as up as much as $1.68 bln vs. $1.67 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:08AG First Majestic Silver reports Q3 total production was +4% sequentially to 6.6 mln silver equivalent ounces (9.19 -0.25)By the end of the third quarter, total production in 2019 has reached 19.3 million silver equivalent ounces, or approximately 77% of the Company's guidance midpoint of producing 24.4 to 26.0 million ounces.16:07IRBT iRobot files preliminary injunction against SharkNinja ordering company to stop sales of "Shark IQ Robot" (57.77 +2.00)Co announces it filed a motion for a preliminary injunction ordering SharkNinja Operating LLC and its related entities to halt its sales and distribution of its Shark IQ Robot. IRBT filed its motion based on infringement of certain iRobot patents related to the Roomba i7+ robot vacuum with Clean Base Automatic Dirt Disposal. The motion was filed today in the District of Massachusetts, with a hearing date to be scheduled.IRBT also filed a complaint for patent infringement involving three other patents, spanning core iRobot features such as the Roomba i7+ robot's roller technology and modularity.16:07MGM MGM Resorts announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln (27.87 -0.10)Co will sell Circus Circus Las Vegas for $825 million to an affiliate of Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin. For the 12 months ending June 30, 2019, the property reported Adjusted Property EBITDA of $62 million. The $825 million purchase price will comprise $662.5 million paid in cash and a $162.5 million note due 2024. The Company expects to record a third quarter impairment charge of approximately $220 million in connection with this transaction."MGM Resorts has engaged in an exhaustive process to evaluate its owned real estate and remains committed to executing its asset-light strategy in a measured way that maximizes value for its shareholders," said Jim Murren, Chairman and CEO of MGM Resorts. "The Company expects to utilize the proceeds from this transaction to enhance its capital allocation strategy and complement its strategic and operational flexibility."16:04JBHT J.B. Hunt Transport misses by $0.05, reports revs in-line (111.60 +2.02)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.40 per share, $0.05 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.45; revenues rose 6.9% year/year to $2.36 bln vs the $2.34 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Revenue per load increase of 2% in Intermodal (JBI), a 13% increase in revenue producing trucks and an increase of 9% in asset productivity in Dedicated Contract Services (DCS) were partially offset by a 4% decrease in load count in Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS) and a 5% decrease in rates per loaded mile in Truck (JBT). Current quarter total operating revenue, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 9% vs. the comparable quarter 2018. Intermodal volumes were flatAdj. operating income decreased 1% from third quarter 2018 primarily from higher building rental for Final Mile Services network expansion, lower gross margins in ICS, increases in driver wages and recruiting costs, increased rail purchase transportation rates, and increased technology spend on new applications and legacy operating systems.16:02PRNB Principia Biopharma commences public offering of $125 mln of its common stock (29.91 +0.74)16:02X U.S. Steel proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026 (11.43 +0.27)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 16, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 16, 2019 Wednesday 6:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 25741 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 16-Oct-19 18:00 ET17:49EGO Eldorado Gold reports preliminary Q3 results; production guidance for 2019 remains unchanged (7.39 +0.16)Total gold production was 101,596 ounces for the third quarter and 276,376 ounces year-to-date. Guidance for 2019 remains unchanged. Recent test results from Kisladag confirm that recoveries from leaching deeper material over 250-day cycles support an extension of mine life beyond the company's current three-year guidance. Waste stripping to support a mine life extension will commence prior to the end of October. Test work is still ongoing to determine the ultimate heap leach recovery of this material and thus the ultimate length of the mine life extension. Waste stripping over the remainder of 2019 is expected to minimize production interruptions in 2020 and beyond. Estimated expenditure for waste stripping in 2019 is $4 mln. Production at Olympias was lower than plan. During the third quarter, measures to increase production volumes were continued in key areas of the operation and will support the ramp up towards 2020 and beyond. These measures included increased capital development resources and other operational improvement initiatives.17:37WTFC Wintrust Fin beats by $0.07, beats on revs (64.50 -0.29)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.69 per share, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.62; revenues rose 9.4% year/year to $380 mln vs the $374.98 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.17:36CCK Crown reports EPS in-line, misses on revs; guides Q4 EPS below consensus (63.53 +0.67)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.56 per share, excluding non-recurring items, in-line with the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.56; revenues fell 2.8% year/year to $3.08 bln vs the $3.19 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues downside guidance for Q4, sees EPS of $0.93-0.98 vs. $1.02 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Lowers FY19 EPS to $5.00-5.05 from $5.05-5.20 vs. $5.08 S&P Capital IQ Consensus, primarily due to a poor harvest in Europe and the impact of slowing economic activity on the Transit Packaging business.o17:27CALM Cal-Maine Foods to acquire assets of Mahard Egg Farm; terms not disclosed (39.30 +0.21)Cal-Maine Foods has reached a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of Mahard Egg Farm, relating to its commercial shell egg production, processing, distribution, and sale of shell eggs business. The assets to be acquired include commercial shell egg production and processing facilities with current capacity for approx. 3.9 mln laying hens and permitted capacity for up to 8.0 mln laying hens, a feed mill, pullets, and related production facilities located in Chillicothe, Texas, and Nebo, Oklahoma, and a distribution warehouse located in Gordonville, Texas. The company expects to close the transaction in the next few weeks.17:21TNDM Tandem Diabetes Care announces publication of results from landmark study demonstrating increased time-in-range with the t:slim X2 insulin pump with Control-IQ technology (59.33 -2.67)The New England Journal of Medicine published results from the landmark Protocol 3 study (DCLP3) of the National Institutes of Health-funded International Diabetes Closed Loop trial using the t:slim X2 insulin pump with Control-IQ advanced hybrid closed-loop technology. The DCLP3 study was the first-ever large-scale, six-month closed-loop study that included a dedicated control group. Over the six-month study period, use of Control-IQ technology led to a higher percentage of time spent in range (70-180 mg/dL), less hyper- and hypoglycemia, and better HbA1c levels than use of a sensor augmented pump. No severe hypoglycemic events were reported, and 100% of participants completed the study.17:11GME GameStop discloses resignation of Chief Accounting Officer Troy Crawford, effective October 28; appoints Bernard R. Colpitts, Jr. as successor (5.88 +0.27)Since February 2017, Mr. Colpitts has served as VP, Finance and Treasury and Chief Accounting Officer of ON Semiconductor Corporation (ON).Mr. Crawford will remain in service with the company as a Senior Advisor until November 30 to support the transition of his duties to his successor. Mr. Crawford's resignation did not result from a disagreement with the company on any matter relating to the company's operations, policies, or practices.17:08GPOR Gulfport Energy provides Q3 production and pricing updates (2.72 +0.00)Gulfport Energy today provided an update for the three-months and nine-months ended September 30. Key information includes the following:Net production during the third quarter of 2019 averaged 1,527.0 MMcfe per day, a 12% increase over the second quarter of 2019. Gulfport's net daily production mix was comprised of approximately 93% natural gas, 5% NGL and 2% oil.Realized natural gas price for Q3, before the impact of derivatives and including transportation costs, averaged $1.64 per Mcf, a $0.59 per Mcf differential to the average trade month NYMEX settled price. Realized oil price averaged $51.75 per barrel, a $4.70 per barrel differential to the average WTI oil price. Realized natural gas liquids price averaged $0.38 per gallon, equivalent to $16.12 per barrel, or approx. 29% of the average WTI oil price. Forecasted 2019 full year net production is estimated to average at the midpoint of the company's previously provided guidance range of 1,360 MMcfe to 1,400 MMcfe per day.17:05APA Apache provides Q3 average realized prices; reiterates Q3 production (21.76 -0.42)Previously deferred Alpine High volumes have been returned to production, and the company reiterates its third-quarter guidance of 70-75 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day from the field. US average realized price $54.70/bbl; int'l 61.75/bbl.17:00CCI Crown Castle discloses receipt of SEC subpoena for documents dating back to 2015 (134.69 +0.04)In September 2019, Crown Castle International received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission requesting certain documents from 2015 through the present, primarily related to the company's long-standing capitalization and expense policies for tenant upgrades and installations in its services business. Prior to receiving this subpoena, the company previously provided information to the SEC related to certain services-related transactions. The company is cooperating fully with the SEC's investigation.16:56CATY Cathay Bancorp beats by $0.03 (34.85 -0.12)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.91 per share, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.88. Total loans, including loans held for sale, increased $171.8 million, or 4.9% annualized, to $14.8 billion for the quarter.16:36KURA Kura Oncology announces upcoming presentation of tipifarnib trial data (14.71 +0.26)An abstract related to the company's Phase 2 clinical trial of tipifarnib in HRAS mutant head and neck squamous cell carcinomas has been accepted for presentation at the upcoming AACR-NCI-EORTC International Conference on Molecular Targets and Cancer Therapeutics, which will be held from October 26-30 in Boston. The abstract has been selected as a newsworthy candidate for the meeting's official press program and will be embargoed until 11:00 a.m. ET on Friday, October 25.16:33DPLO Diplomat Pharmacy completes sale of certain assets of Envoy Health Management, LLC; terms not disclosed (4.81 +0.12)Diplomat Pharmacy announces that, effective today, it has completed the sale of certain assets of Envoy Health Management, LLC to Diligent Health Solutions, LLC, a multifaceted healthcare communication center. Financial details and additional terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Diplomat is retaining a portion of the Envoy Health Management operations, specifically the portion operated out of the Flint, Michigan location, which will continue to specialize in digital therapeutics and pharmaceutical services.16:23CXP Columbia Property Trust to acquire Normandy Real Estate Management, LLC in transaction valued at approx. $100 mln (20.30 +0.02)Columbia Property Trust has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Normandy Real Estate Management, LLC, a developer, operator, and investment manager of office and mixed-use assets in New York, Boston, and Washington, D.C. Columbia will acquire Normandy's operating platform and its general partner interests in three active management funds in a cash and stock transaction with a total value of approx. $100 mln, exclusive of transaction and closing costs. This consideration will consist of $13.5 mln in cash and approx. $86.5 mln in convertible preferred units, issued at a strike price of $26.50 per share. The transaction is expected to close by year-end 2019. Columbia expects the fee streams from Normandy's management businesses to be accretive to 2020 Normalized Funds from Operations and expects to realize longer-term benefits through operational synergies and greater scale.16:23CCI Crown Castle beats by $0.06, beats on revs; tweaks FY19 FFO; guides FY20 FFO in-line (134.69 +0.04)Reports Q3 (Sep) funds from operations of $1.49 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.43; revenues rose 10.1% year/year to $1.51 bln vs the $1.48 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Site rental rev +6%.Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, sees FFO of $5.65-5.72 from $5.66-5.73 vs. $5.73 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY20, sees FFO of $5.99-6.09 vs. $6.07 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Crown Castle's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.20 per common share, representing an increase of ~7% over the previous quarterly dividend of $1.125 per share. "In 2019, we are experiencing the highest level of tower leasing activity in more than a decade, and we expect to generate a similar level of new leasing activity from towers in 2020 as our customers deploy additional cell sites and spectrum in response to the rapid growth in mobile data traffic. Additionally, we are constructing small cells for our customers as they invest in their current networks while beginning the early stages of 5G deployments, and we expect to deploy a similar volume of small cells in 2020 as we are deploying in 2019. With the positive momentum we continue to see in our Towers and Fiber segments, we remain focused on investing in our business to generate future growth while delivering dividend per share growth of 7% to 8% per year."16:22UMPQ Umpqua Holdings beats by $0.01 (15.97 -0.01)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.38 per share, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.37.Net interest income increased by $1.8 million on a quarter to quarter basis primarily driven by higher average balances of loans and leases along with a lower level of premium amortization for residential mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, partially offset by lower average yields on loans and leases;Net interest margin was 3.63% for the third quarter of 2019, down seven basis points from 3.70% for the second quarter of 2019 primarily driven by the decrease in short-term interest rates during the quarter.16:20AA Alcoa misses by $0.16, reports revs in-line; announces multi-year portfolio review to drive lower costs; intends to pursue non-core asset sales (19.16 -0.29)Reports Q3 (Sep) loss of $(0.44) per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.16 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of ($0.28); revenues fell 24.3% year/year to $2.57 bln vs the $2.58 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Co reports Q3 adjusted EBITDA of $388 mln vs consensus of $369 mln. This results is down $67 mln from the prior quarter, primarily due to lower alumina pricing that was partially offset by higher alumina sales volume and lower production costs.Co says a new operating model, which goes into effect on November 1, 2019, will result in a leaner corporate structure, with operations more closely connected to leadership, through elimination of the co's business unit structure and consolidation of sales, procurement and other commercial capabilities at an enterprise level.In addition to reporting quarterly results, co also announces a multi-year portfolio review to drive lower costs and sustainable profitability. Over the next 12-18 months, Alcoa intends to pursue non-core asset sales expected to generate an estimated $500 mln to $1 bln in net proceeds. Co estimates approx $50-100 mln in reduced adjusted EBITDA due to such asset sales. Over the next five years, Alcoa plans to realign its operating portfolio, and has placed under review 1.5 mln metric tons of smelting capacity and 4 mln metric tons of alumina refining capacity. The review will consider opportunities for significant improvement, potential curtailments, closures or divestitures.Alcoa refines strategic priorities, co has updated Strengthen the Balance Sheet to Advance Sustainably. This priority encompasses both financial sustainability through balance sheet improvements and portfolio transformation.For full-year 2019, Alcoa continues to project a global aluminum deficit, ranging between 800 thousand and 1.2 million metric tons, down slightly from the previous quarter's estimate of a deficit between 1.0 million and 1.4 million metric tons.16:19CNXM CNX Midstream Partners increases quarterly cash distribution to $0.4001/unit from $0.3865/unit (12.98 -0.05)16:19EGBN Eagle Bancorp beats by $0.01, beats on revs (42.62 0.00)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.07 per share, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.06; revenues rose 0.5% year/year to $87.3 mln vs the $81.08 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.The net interest margin ("NIM") in the third quarter of 2019 was 3.72% as compared to 3.91% in the second quarter of 2019 and 4.14% for the third quarter of 2018.Net interest income decreased less than 1% for the three months ended September 30, 2019 from the same period in 2018 ($81.0 million versus $81.3 million), resulting from compressed margins associated with increased costs of funds and lower loan yields due in part to enhanced competitive pressure more than offsetting growth in average earning assets of 11%.16:19URI United Rentals beats by $0.19, beats on revs; narrows FY19 revs guidance, still inline (121.71 +0.99)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $5.96 per share, $0.19 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $5.77; revenues rose 17.6% year/year to $2.49 bln vs the $2.46 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Adjusted EBITDA increased 14.0% year-over-year to $1.207 billion, while adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 150 basis points to 48.5%. Third quarter fleet productivity decreased 1.3% yr/yr, primarily due to the impact of the BakerCorp and BlueLine acquisitions.Co narrows guidance for FY19, sees FY19 revs of $9.25-$9.35 bln vs. prior outlook of $9.15-$9.45 bln, inline with the $9.29 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Slightly lowers high end of Adj. EBITDA guidance range to $4.35-$4.4 bln from $4.35-$4.5 bln.16:15IBM IBM beats by $0.02, misses on revs; reaffirms FY19 EPS guidance (142.11 -0.89)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.68 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.66; revenues fell 3.9% year/year to $18.03 bln vs the $18.29 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Revenue growth in Cloud & Cognitive Software and Global Business Services segments Cloud & Cognitive Software up 6 percent (up 8 percent adjusting for currency) Global Business Services up 1 percent (up 2 percent adjusting for currency) Cloud revenue of $5.0 billion in the third quarter, up 11 percent (up 14 percent adjusting for divested businesses and currency) Co reaffirms guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $12.80, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $12.81 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Reaffirms free cash flow expectations of approx $12 bln.16:15WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryWall Street finished little changed on Wednesday, as investors weighed negative macro news against another set of mostly positive earnings results. The S&P 500 (-0.2%), Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.1%) and Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%) closed slightly lower, while the Russell 2000 (+0.1%) inched higher.The positive reaction to today's batch of earnings reports was limited to shares of companies that reported, namely Bank of America (BAC 30.18, +0.45, +1.5%), United Airlines (UAL 89.70, +1.82, +2.1%), and J.B. Hunt Transport Services (JBHT 115.65, +4.05, +3.6%), as opposed to Tuesday's earnings-driven rally. Eight of the 11 S&P 500 sectors closed near their flat lines.The energy sector (-1.5%) was today's laggard despite an increase in oil prices ($53.42/bbl, +0.63, +1.2%), followed by the information technology sector (-0.7%) amid weakness in the software stocks. The consumer discretionary sector (+0.4%) outperformed despite an unexpected 0.3% m/m decline in retail sales for September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%).The relatively conservative spending did follow an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August, which presumably allayed an overreaction among sellers. Still, the headline figure could feed into the slowdown narrative for the U.S. economy, especially when uncertainty remains on the U.S.-China trade front.On Wednesday, China threatened unspecified countermeasures against the U.S. after the House of Representatives approved legislation to support pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong. The Senate has yet to vote on the measures, but the situation could complicate the completion of the first phase of a trade deal with the U.S.In other potential deals, General Motors (GM 36.65, +0.39, +1.1%) and the UAW reached a tentative agreement that could end the monthlong strike at GM. McKesson (MCK 144.84, +6.67, +4.8%), Cardinal Health (CAH 49.07, +1.17, +2.4%) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC 86.05, +2.85, +3.4%) began talks to settle opioid litigation for $18 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal.U.S. Treasuries finished the session on a higher note, leaving yields slightly lower. The 2-yr yield and the 10-yr yield both declined two basis points each to 1.59% and 1.75%, respectively. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.3% to 98.02.Reviewing Wednesday's batch of economic data, which featured Retail Sales for September:Total retail sales declined 0.3% month-over-month in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%) following an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after increasing an upwardly revised 0.2% (from 0.0%) in August.The upward revisions for August cushioned some of the headline blow, yet the key takeaway from the report is that it highlights some relatively conservative consumer spending activity in September that will feed into the slowdown narrative building for the U.S. economy.Total business inventories were unchanged month-over-month in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after a downwardly revised 0.3% increase (from 0.4%) in July. Total business sales were up 0.2% following a downwardly revised 0.2% increase (from 0.3%) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that the gap between inventory growth on a yr/yr basis (+4.2%) and sales growth (+1.1%) remains, which should help keep prices in check.The NAHB Housing Market Index for October increased to 71 from 68 in September.The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index ticked up 0.5% following a 5.4% increase in the prior week.Looking ahead, investors will receive Housing Starts and Building Permits for September, Industrial Production and Capacity Utilization for September, the Philadelphia Fed Index for October, and the weekly Initial and Continuing Claims on Thursday.Nasdaq Composite +22.4% YTDS&P 500 +19.3% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.8% YTDRussell 2000 +13.1% YTD16:13NFLX Netflix beats by $0.04, reports revs in-line with U.S. subs below guidance and international subs slightly above; guides Q4 subs, EPS and revs below consensus (286.28 +2.03)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.09 per share excluding an unrealized gain from euro denominated bonds, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.05; revenues rose 31.2% year/year to $5.25 bln vs the $5.25 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Total paid net adds of 6.8m increased 12% year over year and was an all-time Q3 record. Operating margin of 18.7% (up 670 bps year over year) was above guidance due to timing of content and marketing spend, which will be more weighted to Q4'19. In the US, paid net adds totaled 0.5m in Q3 vs. our 0.8m forecast, and year to date paid net adds are 2.1m vs. 4.1m in the first nine months of 2018. Since our US price increase earlier this year, retention has not yet fully returned on a sustained basis to pre-price-change levels, which has led to slower US membership growth. revenue growth has been accelerating as US ARPU increased 16.5% year over year in Q3. International paid net additions totaled 6.3m in Q3, a 23% increase vs. 5.1m in the year ago quarter, and slightly above our 6.2m guidance forecast. The US dollar strengthened vs. several key currencies over the course of the quarter, which resulted in the variance between our forecasted vs. actual international revenue. International ARPU, excluding the impact of F/X, rose 10% year over year. We're making strides in our key markets and, while we have much more work to do in Asia in the coming years, we are seeing encouraging signs of progress.Co issues downside guidance for Q4, sees EPS of $0.51 vs. $0.85 S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees Q4 revs of $5.442 bln vs. $5.51 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.For Q4, we're expecting consolidated revenue to increase 30% year over year with 9% streaming ARPU growth. We're forecasting 7.6m global paid net adds (vs. 9.5 mln estimates and 8.8m last Q4), with 0.6m in the US and 7.0m for the international segment. This implies full year 2019 paid net adds of 26.7m, down from 28.6m last year. While we had previously expected 2019 paid net adds to be up year over year, our current forecast reflects several factors including less precision in our ability to forecast the impact of our Q4 content slate, which consists of several new big IP launches (as opposed to returning seasons), the minor elevated churn in response to some price changes, and new forthcoming competition. Our long term outlook on our business is unchanged. We're on track to achieve our full year 2019 operating margin goal of 13%. In 2020, we'll be targeting another 300 basis points in operating margin expansion, consistent with the annual margin improvement we've delivered each year since 2017. Competition: There may be some modest headwind to our near-term growth, and we have tried to factor that into our guidance. In the long-term, though, we expect we'll continue to grow nicely given the strength of our service and the large market opportunity. For the full year 2019, we're still expecting FCF of ~-$3.5 billion. With our quickly growing revenue base and expanding operating margins, we will be able to fund more of our content spending internally. As a result, we're expecting free cash flow to improve in 2020 vs. 2019 and we expect to continue to improve annually beyond 2020. Starting with our Q4'19 earnings report in January 2020, we plan to disclose revenue and membership by region16:12CRZO Carrizo Oil & Gas provides third quarter operational update; expects production volumes of 69,500-69,600 Boe/d (7.81 +0.14)Production volumes during the third quarter of 2019 are currently expected to be 69,500-69,600 Boe/d, an increase of approx. 6% from the second quarter. Crude oil production is expected to account for approx. 66% of the company's production during the quarter, while natural gas and NGLs are expected to account for approx. 18% and 16%, respectively. During September, Carrizo took advantage of the rally in commodity prices to add to its 2020 hedge position.16:10TBK Triumph Bancorp reports EPS in-line, net interest income increased 2% (31.29 +0.14)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.56 per share, in-line with the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.56.Net interest income for the quarter was $64.8 mln compared to $63.4 mln for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. Net interest margin (NIM) was 5.85% for the quarter.Total loans held for investment increased $373.5 mln, or 9.7%, to $4.209 bln.Non-performing assets were 0.91% of total assets at September 30, 2019 compared to 0.86% of total assets at June 30, 2019.16:09SLG SL Green Realty beats by $0.02, beats on revs (81.57 -0.22)Reports Q3 (Sep) funds from operations of $1.75 per share, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.73; revenues (rental revs plus escalation/reimbursement) fell 1.1% year/year to $248.03 mln vs the $243.02 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:09KMI Kinder Morgan misses by $0.02, misses on revs; Reaffirms FY19 DCF and EBITDA outlook (20.02 -0.16)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.22 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.02 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.24; revenues fell 8.6% year/year to $3.21 bln vs the $3.51 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.KMI's project backlog at the end of the third quarter stood at $4.1 billion, $1.6 billion less than at the end of the second quarter of 2019, due to placing Elba Liquefaction and GCX in service.For 2019, KMI's budget contemplates declared dividends of $1.00 per common share, DCF of approximately $5.0 billion ($2.20 per common share) and Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $7.8 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is currently estimated to be approximately 3 percent below budget, primarily due to the delay in Elba's in-service date, lower commodity prices and volumes impacting the CO2 segment, and the impact of 501-G settlements, partially offset by the strong performance of the West Region Natural Gas16:06CGNX Cognex acquires industrial machine vision software developer SUALAB (48.88 -0.26)SUALAB is a Korean-based developer of vision software using deep learning for industrial applications. The addition of SUALAB's engineering team and intellectual property is expected to enhance Cognex's existing deep learning capabilities based on technology acquired from ViDi Systems in April of 2017. Additional information about the acquisition will be communicated during Cognex's third quarter earnings call on October 28 at 5:00 p.m. ET.16:06CSX CSX beats by $0.06, reports revs in-line (69.00 -0.17)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.08 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.02; revenues fell 4.8% year/year to $2.98 bln vs the $2.98 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Merchandise revenue growth was more than offset by Coal and Intermodal declines.CSX's operating ratio set a new company record of 56.8%, improved from 58.7% in the prior year.16:04LLNW Limelight Networks reports EPS in-line, beats on revs; guides FY19 EPS in-line, reaffirms FY19 revs guidance (3.12 -0.06)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, in-line with the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.01; revenues rose 4.1% year/year to $51.32 mln vs the $49.89 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues guidance for FY19, sees EPS of near breakeven, excluding non-recurring items, vs. ($0.02) S&P Capital IQ Consensus; reaffirms FY19 revs of $200-210 mln vs. $197.88 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:01NFLX Netflix Q3 sub adds 6.77 mln vs. 7.0 mln guidance; sees Q4 net sub adds 7.6 mln vs. 9.5 mln consensus15:45SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Workday (WDAY) leads software stocks lower following Analyst Day -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersMCK (144.8 +4.8%): Outperforms following a WSJ report suggesting that it and peers AmerisourceBergen (ABC) and Cardinal Health (CAH) are in talks regarding a collective $18 bln settlement agreement for opioid crisis litigation.AMX (15.78 +4.09%): Reaches its highest level in almost six months after reporting Q3 results. Revs increased +0.2% yr/yr to 248 bln pesos notwithstanding currency depreciation. Co added 1.6 mln postpaid subscribers in the quarter, including 928K in Brazil, 215K in Mexico, and 159K in Austria; co ended September with 278.7 mln wireless subscribers. Net profit was 13.0 bln pesos. During its earnings call, co, asked about market consolidation in Brazil, noted that it is "open to discuss something" with Oi S.A.JBHT (115.56 +3.55%): Reported Q3 results; co missed consensus for EPS on revs that rose +6.9% yr/yr to $2.36 bln, about in-line with consensus. Revenue increased +2% yr/yr in co's intermodal segment to $1.24 bln, which represented 52% of co's total revenue, on approximately flat overall volumes vs the prior year. Dedicated Contract Services revs increased +28% yr/yr to $696 mln on a productivity increase of approx. +9% yr/yr. Reached new 52-week highs.Large Cap LosersWDAY (159.32 -11.96%): Underperforms following its Analyst Day; co reaffirmed certain FY20 guidance metrics in the presentation. Other subjects under discussion included product introductions; evolution to co's growth formula, involving mix shift moving away from HCM sales; and some mention of deals being pushed out into further quarters. Among various analyst responses to the event, RBC cut co's price target to $212 from $225. Drops to nine-month lows. NOW (253.22 -7.67%): Downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley, which also raised co's target to $267 from $250. OKTA (107.1 -7.56%): Software sector lags. (Related: DDOG, SPLK...)15:36SUMRX Earnings out this afternoon/tomorrow morningThis afternoon: AA CATY CCI CCK CNS CSX EGBN IBM KMI LLNW NFLX SLG STLD TBK TCBI UMPQ URI WTFC Tomorrow Morning: BBT BMI DOV ERIC EWBC FNB GPC GTLS HOMB HON IIIN KEY MDSO MS MTB PM POOL PPG SASR SBNY SNA SON STI TSM TXT UNP WNS WSO15:29NBEV New Age Beverages pares gains after announcing the return of Nestea Instant Sweet Tea Mix (2.99 +0.25)Tweet15:09STLD Steel Dynamics: Earnings Preview -- Should set the tone for what to expect from Nucor next week (28.91 -1.17)Steel Dynamics (STLD), a major steel producer, is set to report Q3 results today after the close (STLD usually reports very late, like 6pm ET, two hours after the close) with a call tomorrow at 10am ET. STLD's results should set expectations in terms of what to expect from Nucor (NUE) when it reports next week (Oct 22 before the open).The street is looking for Q3 EPS of $0.69 and revenue of $2.67 bln. On September 17, STLD guided below consensus for Q3 EPS at $0.66-0.70 vs consensus of $0.72 at the time. It was not a total surprise as its main rival Nucor had guided lower the day before that. Then US Steel (X) guided lower soon after although it later upped those estimates. From a broader sense, it's shaping up to be a rough Q3 earnings season for the US steel producers. The steel industry has been hurt by a combination of problems: 1) The tariffs caused US producers to increase production; 2) Steel customers (mostly service centers) rushed to build supply ahead of the tariffs before prices increased and 3) service centers have been working through their large inventories rather than buying new steel (also known as inventory destocking). There were some positive comments from steel producers in July on the Q2 calls that indicated conditions were improving. NUE said that it was cautiously optimistic that pricing had bottomed for most products. STLD agreed with NUE that destocking was coming to an end. US Steel said it was seeing a pickup in order entry rates and was beginning to see signs of a rebound. Well, now it turns out these comments were premature as the market seems like it's weakening again. Earlier this year, X had idled two blast furnaces in the US and one in Europe. That was a huge deal as these blast furnaces are not easy to turn on and off, it's a big process. The hope was that recovering demand in 2H19 would cause X to fire up these blast furnaces again, but now it sounds like all three with remain idled through at least year-end. Bottom line, we think investors are going to be less interested in the hard EPS and revenue numbers. What they really want is some positive directional commentary from these steel producers that the market is showing signs of stabilizing and ideally that 2020 is going to see some improvement. Names to watch include steel producers (AKS, CMC, GGB, MT, NUE, PKX, SCHN, X) and steel processors (ROCK, RS, RYI, WOR, ZEUS).15:07BONDX Treasury Market SummaryShorter Tenors Outperform on WednesdayShorter-dated U.S. Treasuries reclaimed their losses from Tuesday while longer tenors underperformed throughout the session. Treasuries got off to a higher start after the Chinese government warned overnight that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act passed the House last evening and it is expected to clear the Senate with ease. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman, Jim Risch, called on the Senate to act quickly earlier today, according to Reuters. Treasuries extended their starting gains after the release of a weaker than expected Retail Sales report for September was coupled with an upward revision to the reading from August. The early advance found resistance in short order, which allowed for some backpedaling into mid-morning trade. However, the pullback was halted shortly after the 30-yr bond dipped beneath yesterday's low. The long bond reclaimed its flat line right before the close while shorter tenors finished near their best levels of the session. The U.S. Dollar Index slid 0.3% to 98.00, pausing just above its September low. Yield Check: 2-yr: -2 bps to 1.59% 3-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 5-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 10-yr: -2 bps to 1.75% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.23%News: The Federal Reserve resumed permanent open market operations today, as part of a plan to purchase $60 bln worth of Treasury bills per month. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, told EU ambassadors that the two sides have moved closer to a deal, which has yet to be finalized. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike. Eurozone's August trade surplus totaled EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI increased 0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%), rising +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). U.K.'s September CPI ticked up 0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%), rising 1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). Italy's August Industrial New Orders increased 1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%) while August Industrial Sales decreased 0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%). September CPI decreased 0.6% m/m (last -0.5%) but was up 0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%). Today's Data: Total retail sales declined 0.3% month-over-month (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%) in September following an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after increasing an upwardly revised 0.2% (from 0.0%) in August. The upward revisions for August cushioned some of the headline blow, yet the key takeaway from the report is that it highlights some relatively conservative consumer spending activity in September that will feed into the slowdown narrative building for the U.S. economy. Total business inventories were unchanged month-over-month in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after a downwardly revised 0.3% increase (from 0.4%) in July. Total business sales were up 0.2% following a downwardly revised 0.2% increase (from 0.3%) in July. The key takeaway from the report is that the gap between inventory growth on a yr/yr basis (+4.2%) and sales growth (+1.1%) remains, which should help keep prices in check. The weekly MBA Mortgage Index increased 0.5% to follow last week's 5.4% increase. The Purchase Index decreased 0.6% while the Refinance Index increased 3.6%. The NAHB Housing Market Index increased to 71 in October from 68 in September. The Federal Reserve's Beige Book for October noted that overall economic activity increased at a "slight to modest pace" during the survey period but with variations seen across the country. Overall household spending was described as "solid" while tourism and travel-related spending increased modestly. The report noted that most contacts expected continued economic expansion, but at a slower pace. Commodities: WTI crude: +1.1% to $53.36/bbl Gold: +0.7% to $1494.30/ozt Copper: -1.0% to $2.589/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.4% to 1.1073 GBP/USD: +0.6% to 1.2838 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1005 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.75 The Day Ahead: 8:30 ET: September Housing Starts (Briefing.com consensus 1.306 mln; prior 1.364 mln), September Building Permits (Briefing.com consensus 1.350 mln; prior 1.419 mln), weekly Initial Claims (Briefing.com consensus 215,000; prior 210,000), Continuing Claims (prior 1.684 mln), and October Philadelphia Fed Survey (Briefing.com consensus 6.0; prior 12.0) 9:15 ET: September Industrial Production (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior 0.6%) and Capacity Utilization (Briefing.com consensus 77.7%; prior 77.9%) 10:30 ET: Weekly natural gas inventories (prior +98 bcf) 11:00 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +2.7 mln)14:59SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Tech Data (TECD) spikes higher on rumors of buyout interest -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTECD (126 +13.17%): A Reuters report indicated that co has received a takeover bid from Apollo (APO) amounting to approx. $130/share in cash. Moves to new highs. RETA (169.4 +7.27%): Continued strength. Hearing price target raised at Stifel. Extends to new all-time highs. CUB (73.14 +5.97%): Reaches 52-week highs on more than 2x average volume. In recent press, co announced that an officer from its Cubic Transportation Systems business division will present on the importance of collaboration within the ITS industry at the ITS (UK) Summit tomorrow. Co has also appeared at the AUSA 2019 Annual Meeting & Exposition this week and also this week announced that it has signed an agreement with Google to integrate contactless transit cards with Google Pay for Android phones.Mid Cap LosersCOUP (139.49 -9.83%): Cloud software stocks lag notably, following Workday (WDAY) lower after that company's Analyst Day presentation and responding to Morgan Stanley lowering its price targets for a set of sector names. (Related: APPN, AYX, PLAN...)WK (41.5 -8.18%): Price target lowered to $42 from $46 at Morgan Stanley; software sector underperforms.NTRA (36.5 -6.94%): Launched a proposed follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock. The stock pulls back after reaching a new all-time high yesterday.14:47PSXP Phillips 66 Partners increases quarterly cash distribution to $0.865/unit from $0.855/unit (55.64 -0.60)14:32COMDX Energy Settlement PricesNov Crude Oil futures rose $0.19 (0.36%) to $53.42/barrel Nov Natural Gas $0.02 lower (-0.85%) at $2.32/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.01 higher (0.62%) at $1.63/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.02 higher (1.05%) at $1.93/gallon14:07NFLX Netflix will report third quarter results this afternoon (282.22 -2.03)Netflix (NFLX) will report third quarter results in a Letter to Shareholders on its website soon after the bell. The earnings interview with management including Chief Executive Reed Hastings starts at 18:00 ET.Netflix has guided for third quarter EPS of $1.04 (vs. $0.89 last year) with an operating margin of 15.9% (+390 basis points yr/yr) and revenue up 31% to $5.25 bln. Estimates are in-line with guidance.Netflix also guided for 7 mln global paid net subscriber additions (6.2 mln international and 800,000 in a saturated US market) vs. a 6.07 mln increase in the third quarter of 2018, which would result in subs growing 22% yr/yr to 158.6 mln.Analysts expect the company to guide for a 9.5 mln increase in subs for the fourth quarter versus an 8.8 mln increase in the fourth quarter last year.The stock got crushed after Netflix missed second quarter subscriber guidance by a wide margin (2.7 mln vs. 5 mln) in July. Netflix said subscribers were soft in all regions, but more so in regions with price recent increases. The company noted that its content slate (releases) during the quarter led to the disappointing result, noting that third quarter subscriber additions are off to a strong start following the release of the third season of Stranger Things. Netflix also cited some pull-forward of demand following a strong first quarter result.Subs actually fell by 130,000 versus guidance for a 300,00 increase in the U.S. The U.S. market is saturated and accounts for most of the company's earnings, but will see a ton of competition hit the market over the next six months. Subs grew by 2.83 mln internationally versus 4.7 mln guidance.Netflix has historically missed second quarter sub projections due to seasonality and a weak content slate, only to bounce back in subsequent quarters.A strong third quarter and fourth quarter sub guidance will likely lead to a higher stock tomorrow, but it is unlikely to assuage concerns over competition.Netflix stock has continued to struggle since the weak second quarter amid concerns over competition. The streaming video on demand (SVOD) space will get really crowded with new offerings from from Disney+ (DIS), Apple TV+ (AAPL), HBO Max (T) and NBCU's Peacock (CMCSA) over the next six months.Netflix has a ~$124 bln market cap and trades at ~34x forward EBITDA estimates, ~60x EPS estimates and ~6x revenue. The sales multiple represents the low end of its historical range as investors question the competitive strength of the streaming leader. Netflix has become ubiquitous with its massive subscriber base over 155 mln that has essentially supplanted the traditional cable bundle for younger audiences, but consumers who can cancel their Netflix subscription at anytime will soon have tons of options for streaming shows and movies. The options market implies a ~10% move in the stock by Friday.14:02ECONX Beige Book points to slight to modest growth, down from modest growth in the September 4th report14:00ECONX Fed releases Beige BookThe U.S. economy expanded at a slight to modest pace since the prior report as business activity varied across the country. Reports from Districts representing states in the southern and western U.S. generally were more upbeat than Districts representing the Midwest and Great Plains. Household spending was solid on balance: nonauto retail sales increased modestly, while light vehicle sales were generally robust. Tourism and travel-related spending was up modestly. Housing market conditions changed little. On the business spending side, nonresidential construction increased at a slightly slower yet still modest pace, while leasing activity advanced at a slow but steady rate. Manufacturing activity continued to edge lower. Contacts in some Districts suggested that persistent trade tensions and slower global growth weighed on activity. The early impact of a recent auto strike was limited. Freight shipments stabilized after falling during the previous reporting period. Bankers in many Districts reported moderately rising loan volumes, while activity in nonfinancial services increased solidly. Agricultural conditions deteriorated further due to the ongoing impacts of adverse weather, weak commodity prices, and trade disruptions. Business contacts mostly expect the economic expansion to continue; however, many lowered their outlooks for growth in the coming 6 to 12 months.Beige Book13:58OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:SIG Jan20 22.5 calls are seeing interest with 17960 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. Two large transactions traded more than 17,000 contracts. Co is expected to report quarterly results in early December.IP Oct 42.5 calls are seeing interest with 14990 contracts trading vs. open int of 40. The underlying stock spiked higher by more than 2% earlier in the session. Co will report quarterly earnings before the open on October 31.AJRD Nov 55 calls are seeing interest with 10400 contracts trading vs. open int of 10. The stock trades higher by 2%. Co is expected to release quarterly earnings in late October.BCS Oct 9 calls are seeing interest with 5100 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. One transaction traded 2,000 contracts. The stock has seen volatility this week in conjunction with headlines pertaining to potential Brexit deal-making. Co is expected to appear at the Money 20/20 2019 conference in late October.Bearish Put Activity:IRM Nov 30 puts are seeing interest with 1560 contracts trading vs. open int of 320. Co will issue its third quarter results before the open on October 31.IRBT Nov 65 puts are seeing interest with 2020 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. Close to 1,500 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co last night announced that it has filed a preliminary injunction against SharkNinja pertaining to patent infringement. Co is scheduled to report quarterly earnings after the close on October 22.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.01. VIX: (13.90, +0.36, +2.66%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:49AA Alcoa Earnings Preview -- Investors are hoping for signs of a recovery in 2020 (19.38 -0.08)Alcoa (AA), a major aluminum producer, is set to report Q3 results today after the close with a call at 5pm ET. Last quarter, Alcoa reported at 16:10 ET, or 10 minutes after the close, so it should be around then.The street is looking for a Q3 loss of $(0.29) per share and revenue of $2.58 bln. Consensus for Adjusted EBITDA is approximately $369 mln for Q3 and for the full year consensus is at $1.68 bln. What's notable to us is that Alcoa has provided a full year Adjusted EBITDA outlook in the past. However, due to unprecedented market volatility, Alcoa has decided not to provide the guidance. While not providing specific Q3 guidance, Alcoa has said it expects benefits from higher volumes and lower costs for raw materials and maintenance in the Alumina and Bauxite segments. In the Aluminum segment, Alcoa expects improvements primarily from lower alumina costs. With the stock price having been cut in half over the past year, it's no secret that the aluminum market is struggling, driven by lower demand in both China and the world ex-China due to trade tensions and macro headwinds. The silver lining is that aluminum inventories continue to decline and are expected by year's end to reach levels not seen in more than a decade, since before the financial crisis in 2008. Nevertheless, Alcoa keeps lowering its aluminum demand outlook for 2019. It's now down to +1.25-2.25%, down from prior guidance of +2-3%, which had been lowered from +3-4%, predominantly due to lower demand growth in China and trade tensions generally. Alcoa has described a frustrating trend. Basically, there has been a consistent decline in global inventories over the last decade. However, aluminum prices have remained stubbornly unreactive thus far due to the volume of Chinese aluminum exports hitting the global market. On a final note, we mentioned the stock has been roughly cut in half over the past year as sluggish aluminum prices weigh on Alcoa. The good news is that the stock has somewhat stabilized since early June, which is hopefully an indication a lot of the negativity is already priced in. Investors will want to hear Alcoa's outlook for 2020 as hopefully there are early signs of improvement.13:38COMDX Metals Settlement PricesDec gold settled today's session up $9.50 (0.64%) at $1492.6/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.03 higher (0.17%) at $17.42/oz Dec copper settled $0.02 lower (0.77%) at $2.59/lb13:13SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: TEVA (29.02 mln +3.08%), ENDP (14.98 mln +22.64%), MNK (11.56 mln +6.25%), ACB (10.98 mln -1.73%)Materials: X (15.33 mln -4.99%), VALE (10.66 mln -1.62%)Industrials: GE (22.9 mln +0.9%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (28.16 mln -6.77%), ROKU (15.46 mln -0.01%), F (12.83 mln +0.66%)Information Technology: AMD (27.31 mln +1.14%), NOK (12.58 mln +1.6%), MSFT (11.07 mln -1.15%), AAPL (10.94 mln -0.7%)Financials: BAC (54.04 mln +2%), QQQ (11.19 mln -0.41%), WFC (10.22 mln -1.07%)Energy: CHK (33.16 mln -1.49%), MDR (10.65 mln +14.55%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: RYTM (6.14x +1.68%), ASMB (5.77x +29.19%), PRQR (5.76x +3.22%), RETA (2.72x +5.31%), ATNX (2.15x -8.61%), AUPH (1.89x +7.82%)Industrials: CUB (2.41x +7.22%), AJRD (1.93x +2.25%)Consumer Discretionary: SNBR (3.32x -1.56%), FCAU (2.28x +1.05%)Information Technology: TECD (3.83x +13.98%), WDAY (3.59x -12.55%), PAGS (2.58x -2.64%)Financials: ESGD (12.09x +0.08%), NHF (5.3x -1.97%), RBS (2.21x +1.55%), EIM (2.12x +0.23%)Consumer Staples: NBEV (2.49x +19.71%)Utilities: NGG (2.02x +0.45%)13:11SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: ASMB (12.02 +29.19%), ENDP (4.28 +22.64%), INO (2.45 +9.15%), AUPH (5.04 +7.82%), UBX (7.32 +6.86%), IMMU (15.35 +6.67%), MNK (2.21 +6.25%)Materials: AG (9.76 +6.15%), SBGL (6.58 +5.96%)Industrials: CUB (74 +7.22%), GVA (35.05 +7.14%)Consumer Discretionary: TEN (12.94 +7.97%), TLRD (4.39 +5.88%)Information Technology: TECD (126.9 +13.98%), FIT (3.8 +10.14%)Energy: MDR (2.52 +14.55%), SPN (0.52 +14.26%), REI (1.61 +7.33%), NBR (1.86 +6.9%)Consumer Staples: NBEV (3.28 +19.71%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: VRAY (2.55 -11.01%), NTRA (35.82 -8.67%), ATNX (10.14 -8.61%), APHA (5.03 -7.33%)Materials: RYAM (4.23 -10%), TMST (5.33 -7.63%)Consumer Discretionary: ASNA (0.47 -6.9%), NIO (1.45 -6.77%)Information Technology: WDAY (158.25 -12.55%), COUP (140.74 -9.02%), APPN (45.93 -8.74%), NOW (251.17 -8.41%), AVLR (68.26 -8.05%), MDB (124.15 -7.97%), PLAN (43.99 -7.95%), AYX (103.5 -7.78%), WK (41.72 -7.68%), SPLK (112.36 -6.25%), DQ (40.8 -6.23%)Consumer Staples: RAD (8.6 -6.68%)13:10PDCO Patterson Companies responds to Administrative Law Judge recommendation, does not anticipate that this matter will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations (17.40 +0.08)12:59TSM Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing to report overnight (50.76 +0.37)Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 50.76, +0.37, +0.7%) will report its Q3 results overnight, followed by management's conference call tomorrow at 2:00 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the contract chip manufacturer to report a 7.9% yr/yr increase in EPS to TWD3.71 on a 9.8% yr/yr increase in revenue to TWD285.80 bln. TSM has had a very good showing since the release of its Q2 results on July 18. The stock has surged 22% since then, having climbed nearly 15% over the past month. The semiconductor industry has not fully recovered from the sharp slowdown at the end of 2018, but TSM has been able to withstand that weakness due in part to its size as well as expectations for an imminent rebound in activity. Most recently, shares received a boost from reports of stronger than expected sales of the iPhone 11, which imply increased production of components. TSM reportedly expects that global shipments of 5G smartphones will reach 300 mln units in 2020. Last quarter, the company reported a slight decrease in inventory, which reached a record during Q1. Additional progress on inventory reduction would go a long way toward justifying the recent rally.Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing trades at 20.9x forward earnings expectations.12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks trade mixed; investors weigh macro, earnings newsThe stock market currently trades mixed, as it balances positive reactions to earnings reports with negative macro news. The S&P 500 (-0.2%), Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.1%), and Nasdaq Composite (-0.4%) are down modestly, while the Russell 2000 (+0.3%) trades higher.Earnings season began in earnest yesterday to a good start, and results today have continued to come in mostly better than expected. Notable earnings gainers include Bank of America (BAC 30.34, +0.61, +2.0%), United Airlines (UAL 90.09, +2.21, +2.5%), and J.B. Hunt Transport Services (JBHT 116.90, +5.30, +4.8%). It should be noted that expectations were not high.Unlike yesterday, though, when each of the major averages rose about 1% apiece, the results today have not been enough to stir conviction in the market. Six of the 11 S&P 500 sectors are within 0.3% of their flat lines, while software stocks drag on the information technology sector (-0.9%). The lightly-weighted materials sector (+0.7%) outperforms.The lack of enthusiasm might be stemming from an unexpected 0.3% m/m decline in retail sales for September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), a contention from Chicago Fed President Evans (FOMC voter) that no more rate cuts are needed this year, and some negative-sounding news on the Brexit and U.S.-China fronts.Reportedly, there are still some hurdles in reaching a Brexit deal by Oct. 31 while China has threatened unspecified countermeasures against the U.S. if the Senate passes a bill that supports protesters in Hong Kong. China's response came after the U.S. House of Representatives approved those measures yesterday, and the situation could complicate China's willingness to commit to the first phase of the trade deal with the U.S.There's been news of other possible deals, too. General Motors (GM 36.99, +0.71, +2.0%) and the UAW reached a tentative deal to end the monthlong strike. The Wall Street Journal reported that McKesson (MCK 146.53, +8.36, +6.0%), Cardinal Health (CAH 49.75, +1.86, +3.9%) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC 87.14, +3.94, +4.7%) are in talks to settle opioid litigation for $18 billion.Reviewing today's batch of economic data, which featured Retail Sales for September:Total retail sales declined 0.3% month-over-month in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%) following an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after increasing an upwardly revised 0.2% (from 0.0%) in August.The upward revisions for August cushioned some of the headline blow, yet the key takeaway from the report is that it highlights some relatively conservative consumer spending activity in September that will feed into the slowdown narrative building for the U.S. economy.Total business inventories were unchanged month-over-month in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after a downwardly revised 0.3% increase (from 0.4%) in July. Total business sales were up 0.2% following a downwardly revised 0.2% increase (from 0.3%) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that the gap between inventory growth on a yr/yr basis (+4.2%) and sales growth (+1.1%) remains, which should help keep prices in check.The NAHB Housing Market Index for October increased to 71 from 68 in September.The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index ticked up 0.5% following a 5.4% increase in the prior week.12:42EXC Exelon underperforming after sudden retirement of CEO of Exelon Utilities unit amid federal into lobbying activities (45.87 -1.19)Last night, the company announced that it has appointed Calvin G. Butler Jr., CEO of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company ("BGE"), as Interim CEO of Exelon Utilities, effective immediately. This appointment follows the retirement of Anne Pramaggiore, Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Exelon Utilities, which is also effective immediately. Mr. Butler will continue to serve as CEO of BGE. The CEOs of Exelon's other utilities -- Joseph Dominguez, CEO of ComEd, Michael A. Innocenzo, CEO of PECO, and David M. Velazquez, CEO of Pepco Holdings -- will report to Mr. Butler. In addition, Exelon Utility CEO staff heads Val Jensen, Carim Khouzami and Mike Kormos will also report to Mr. Butler moving forward. Earlier this month, the company disclosed that it received a second grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois that requires production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities, including Illinois State Senator Martin Sandoval:As previously disclosed, Exelon Corporation and Commonwealth Edison Company (the "Companies") received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois, which required production of information concerning lobbying activities in the State of Illinois. On October 4, 2019, the Companies received a second grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois that requires production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities, including Illinois State Senator Martin Sandoval. "The Companies have cooperated fully with the U.S. Attorney and intend to continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with any government requests or inquiries. On June 21, 2019, the Exelon Corporation Board formed a Special Oversight Committee, consisting solely of independent directors, to oversee the Companies' cooperation and compliance with the subpoena, any further action taken by the U.S. Attorney and any resulting actions that may be required or recommended. The Special Oversight Committee has engaged independent outside counsel to advise and assist the Committee."According to The Chicago Tribune, Pramaggiore is reportedly a focus of the ongoing federal probe.Following the developments, Mizuho (Neutral rated) lowered their price target from $49 to $47 and cautioned that "[p]otential grand jury indictments of Exelon lobbyists in the Madigan/Sandoval investigations could derail attempts by the company to obtain passage of legislation in Illinois next year."12:07COMM Commscope: German Federal Patent Court has issued decisions upholding the validity of important CommScope patents that had been challenged by a competitor, COMLAB (11.51 +0.18)At an October 9 oral hearing, the German Federal Patent Court rejected challenges by COMLAB regarding the validity of the German part of European Patent EP1022849B1 (Action No. 5 Ni 6/17 (EP)) owned by CommScope's affiliate Andrew Wireless Systems. The Federal Patent Court already upheld the German part of European Patent EP2180605B1 in a decision dated March 27, 2019 (Action No. 6 Ni 23/17 (EP)). COMLAB filed appeal against the Federal Patent Court's decision that is now pending before the Federal Supreme Court (X ZR 84/19) and can appeal the most recent decision.12:03IBM IBM Q3 Earnings Preview; All eyes on Red Hat follow through (141.78 -1.22)Information technology giant IBM is slated to release Q3 results tonight after the bell with a conference call scheduled to begin at 5 p.m. ET.The Capital IQ Consensus Estimate for IBM's Q3 EPS stands at $2.66 (vs $3.42 a year ago) on revenue declines of 2.5% to $18.29 bln.This quarter may be a tricky one to judge based on the incoming accounting of the Red Hat deal (closed last quarter).At the company's August 2 Red Hat update event, management outlined guidance for 2020-2021:Revenue growth of MSD at constant currency; Operating pre-tax income growth of HSD; FCF >100% realization; a leverage ratio consistent with mid-to-high single A range.Management also updated 2019 operating EPS guidance for at least $12.80 (vs. at least $13.90 as standalone).What's more, the company sees the Red Hat deal as accretive to operating EPS by the end of year two.One of the questions investors are hankering to get an answer to is: has management righted the ship? Recall that last quarter IBM's largest segment by sales, Global Technology Services, reported a 6.7% decline to $6.8 bln. Obviously, the segment is a focal point purely based on size alone, but the troubles weren't just last quarter. In Q1 the GTS segment saw revenue declines of 7%.IBM steps into the Q3 report with a $126 bln market capitalization and trades at about 11.5x forward earnings estimates.12:03SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Achillion Pharma (ACHN) rises on all-cash acquisition deal -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersACHN (6.25 +71.23%): To be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for an all-cash initial consideration of approx. $930 mln, or $6.30/share; potential additional contingent considerations, which hinge on clinical and regulatory developments such as FDA approval of danicopan and ACH-5228 Phase 3 initiation, could elevate the amount payable to co's shareholders to $8.30/share. Alexion looks forward to applying its "development expertise" to co's oral Factor D inhibitors in an endeavor to unlock the approach's potential and deliver benefits to patients. The stock moves to its highest levels in almost three years. ENDP (4.22 +20.91%): Touched up to three-month highs on higher than average volume; drug manufacturers generally outperform today in concert with reports that various sector names (JNJ, ABC, MCK, CAH, TEVA...) have made proposals regarding or are in talks concerning settlement of opioid litigation. AUPH (5.13 +9.85%): Continued strength; co today reported that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study of voclosporin; efficacy and safety results from the study remain on-track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter, and co anticipates that disclosure of the results will be "followed by the necessary preparations to submit an NDA for voclosporin during the first half of 2020." The AURORA II continuation study is also reportedly progressing as planned.Small Cap LosersAPHA (4.99 -8.1%): After moving higher by circa 25% yesterday following its Q1 earnings report. The cannabis sector generally cools off. ATNX (10.17 -8.3%): Drops to new five-month lows on higher than average volume. The stock has now moved lower by circa 16% month-to-date and trades lower by more than 50% from its July highs. NIO (1.46 -5.81%): Declines on moderately high volume; items of interest for co and the EV space this week have included Chinese new energy vehicle sales results for September and rumors from a reporting source in China that co was in talks regarding a factory investment.12:02PS Pluralsight (+2.7%) bucking weakness among software stocks after hiring former Salesforce (CRM) CIO, and then EVP of N.A. sales Ross Meyercord as Chief Revenue Officer (16.97 +0.46)The stock is down more than 40% since missing billings estimates and guiding down third quarter revenue, citing sales execution issues.11:44CSX CSX to report this evening (68.90 -0.27)Rail carriers CSX (CSX 68.90, -0.27, -0.4%) and Union-Pacific (UNP 163.73, +0.59, +0.4%) will report their Q3 results between today's closing bell and tomorrow's open. CSX will report this evening, followed by management's conference call at 16:30 ET, while Union-Pacific's report will be released tomorrow morning, followed by a conference call at 8:45 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects CSX to report a 2.9% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $1.02 on a 4.7% yr/yr decrease in revenue to $2.98 bln. The Capital IQ consensus expects Union-Pacific to report a 7.4% yr/yr increase in EPS to $2.31 on a 4.7% yr/yr decrease in revenue to $5.65 bln. Both rail carriers are among the 20 stocks that make up the Dow Jones Transportation Average. Another DJTA component, J.B. Hunt Transportation Services (JBHT 114.99, +3.39, +3.0%) reported weaker than expected Q3 EPS yesterday, coupled with slightly better than expected revenue. CSX trades about 15% below its record high from May while UNP is about 10% below its own record from August. Like JBHT, CSX and UNP are likely to lament the current operating environment, considering weekly Rail Traffic reports from the Association of American Railroads have consistently pointed to yr/yr declines in traffic between 5% and 10%. September saw yr/yr carload decreases in 14 out of 20 commodity categories after 12 out of 20 commodity categories showed yr/yr declines in August. CSX was downgraded to Neutral at JPMorgan on October 4 while UNP was upgraded to Overweight at Atlantic Equities. UNP CFO reaffirmed the company's guidance for FY19 operating ratio below 61% on September 4. The CFO did note that the company now expects volume in the second half of 2019 to decline in the mid-single digits while previous guidance called for a decrease of about 2%.CSX trades at 15.8x forward earnings expectations while UNP trades at 16.9x forward estimates.11:38SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (49) outpacing new lows (14) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ACHN, ACM, ARNC, ASC, ATKR, BHE, BLD, BLDR, BMCH, BZH, CASH, CBPO, CCS, CELG, CHTR, CNS, DE, DEA, DLTR, DOCU, IBP, INFO, INXN, IRT, JBL, KBH, KN, KOD, KSU, LBRDK, LEN, LGIH, MAS, MDC, MTH, MTZ, NFBK, ODFL, PHM, RETA, SHW, SNX, TECD, TMCX, TMHC, TPH, VICI, WD, WMSStocks that traded to 52 week lows: DERM, DT, FLDM, GTYH, HEP, ICUI, LBRT, LNDC, PRQR, RVLV, SSTI, TACO, TEUM, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: DCOM, PDFSThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: BSTC, FULC, NGVC, NPK, RMNIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: EWT, ITB, PALL, PSK, XHB11:35Events and Conferences TomorrowImage Sensors Auto Americas 2019 (Oct 17-18)Scheduled to appear: INFO, XLNX, LYFT, SNEPMA Fresh Summit Conference & Expo 2019 (Oct 17-19)Scheduled to appear: AGFSAmong company updates: Sanderson Farms (SAFM) investor day at 20:30 ET11:30DT Dynatrace (-4%): Recent IPO falls to record low as software stocks come under pressure following tepid Workday (WDAY -12%) Analyst Day (17.41 -0.79)11:28XLF Money Center Comparables- Morgan Stanley reports tomorrow before the market opensMorgan Stanley will report earnings tomorrow before the open with a conference call to follow at 8am ET.Current Capital IQ consensus stands at EPS of $1.12 (-4% yr/yr), Net Income at $1.80 bln (-10% yr/yr), on Revenues of $9.63 bln (-2% yr/yr).MS results will be compared to peers. Expectations are lower for MS so it's bar to beat is not very high. Shares of MS have been straddling the 200-sma ($42.92) since March. Tomorrow's report should help pave the way for a trend to take place. But an in line report is likely to leave shares in this choppy range.Some notes on peer Q3 performance-BAC posted steady results but JPM remains the top earnings for Q3.RoEs have been pretty steady in the 9-11% with JPM above the fray at 15%.JPM dominating on revenue growth as well. Best in class for net income.C and GS still remain the cheapest valuation on a Book basis.BAC tops on equity performance, JPM on FICC.Loan growth led by BAC and C.11:01TALKX Market Briefing: Offsetting news keeps market in checkNot a great deal of conviction on the part of buyers and sellers in the early going, as the major indices are little changed.The earnings news has been relatively good, yet the macro news has been relatively bad. The two seem to be canceling each other out to a large extent, which is keeping the major indices in check.The outsized moves have been reserved for individual stocks with news, like Bank of America (BAC 30.45, +0.72, +2.4%) and United Airlines (UAL 90.08, +2.20, +2.5%), both of which reported better than expected earnings results. Accordingly, there hasn't been a lot of movement at the sector level.Seven sectors are up and four are down, with changes ranging from a 0.6% decline (information technology) to a 1.0% increase (materials).In terms of the macro hangups, they include the weaker-than-expected retail sales numbers for September, reports that a Brexit deal compromise between the EU and UK might not come to fruition before the Oct. 31 deadline, and misgivings about the completion of the "phase one" trade deal with China.The latter has stemmed from news that the U.S. House passed measures that support the Hong Kong protesters, which prompted a warning from China that it will respond with countermeasures if the U.S. Senate also passes those measures and the legislation ultimately becomes law.The Russell 2000 is up 0.4%; the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average are flat; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.1%.10:03VRRM Verra Mobility to acquire Pagatelia; terms not disclosed (13.99 -0.03)Pagatelia is a European leader in electronic tolling throughout Spain, Portugal, France, and Italy. Pagatelia's platform manages electronic tolling transactions from more than 500,000 devices. This acquisition enables Verra Mobility to accelerate its expansion of tolling solutions for rental car and fleet companies across Europe in a rapidly-growing global tolling market. The transaction is expected to close at the end of October.10:01ECONX October NAHB Housing Market Index 71, September 6810:00ECONX August Business Inventories M/M 0.0% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus09:44SCANX Earnings/guidance moversAMX +3.69% BAC +3.23% TW +2.84% USB +2.82% BK +2.65% CBSH +2.24% PNFP +2.28% JBHT +1.77% SNBR +1.41% UAL +1.13% PNC +1.15% CMA +0.87% HTLD +0.81%AVD -11.88% WDAY -10.65% PGR -3.90% ASML -3.58% ALLY -3.00% FHN -2.45% ABT -1.92% RNR -1.73% RHHBY -1.24% WAFD -0.84% PACW -1.06% HTHT -0.91% IBKR -0.84% HWC -0.01%09:41WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stock market opens lower amid some weakness in techThe major averages begin the day slightly lower, retracing some of yesterday's earnings-driven rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.1%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows the information technology sector (-0.8%) exerting an influential drag on the broader market. The materials (+0.2%), consumer discretionary (+0.2%), and financials (+0.1%) sectors hold slim gains.U.S. Treasuries are up slightly, which has yields slightly lower today. The 2-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.76%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.18. WTI crude is up 0.2% to $52.93/bbl.09:37WDAY Workday leading cloud stocks lower following uninspiring Analyst Day (163.35` -17.61)WDAY -9.90% COUP -5.57% NOW -5.79% (downgraded at Morgan Stanley) WORK -5.35% HUBS -4.71% PLAN -4.62% DDOG -4.22% MDB -4.12% ZEN -3.59% OKTA -3.55% AYX -3.51% PCTY -2.98% TEAM -3.40% SWI -2.89% PAYC -3.02% CRWD -2.72% AVLR -3.26% SPLK -2.96% WK -2.78% ASUR -2.76% ADBE -2.85% (downgraded at Citi) FIVN -3.08%09:26WIRES On The WiresEvolus (EOLS) and Clarion Medical Technologies, a Canadian provider of medical and aesthetic equipment and consumables, today announced the first shipment of Nuceiva (prabotulinumtoxinA) in Canada. Nuceiva is a 900 kDa purified botulinum toxin type A formulation that is approved by Health Canada for the temporary improvement in the appearance of moderate to severe glabellar lines in adult patients < 65 years of age.Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) announced the initiation of a first-in-human, Phase 1 clinical study evaluating NKTR-255, an interleukin-15 receptor agonist, as monotherapy for patients with relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) or multiple myeloma (MM). The study will also combine NKTR-255 with multiple targeted antibodies, that function through an antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity mechanism, to evaluate the safety and efficacy in adults with relapsed or refractory MM.Beyond Meat (BYND) announced that Hardee's will be partnering with Beyond Meat as one of the first U.S. quick service restaurants to offer plant-based breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. Hardee's will be testing a new Beyond Breakfast Sausage Biscuit and an Original Beyond Thickburger for a limited-time in two regional markets -- Raleigh, North Carolina and Kansas City, Missouri -- beginning October 16.09:15WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -3.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -17.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower as the S&P 500 futures trade four points, or 0.1%, below fair value. Earnings news has been upbeat, although some macro news is presumably keeping the market in check after yesterday's rally.Earnings results have come in mostly better than expected today, with shares of Bank of America (BAC 30.38, +0.65, +2.2%) and United Airlines (UAL 89.60, +1.72, +2.0%) up 2% in pre-market action following their results.As for macro news, there has been some renewed uncertainty about a Brexit deal and some angst about China threatening countermeasures against the U.S. if the Senate passes a bill that supports protesters in Hong Kong. The latter is viewed as a complication in getting the first part of a trade deal written out.Reaction to the release of the retail sales report for September, which unexpectedly declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), has been relatively muted. The reading followed an upwards revision of 0.6% in August (from 0.4%). The 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.74%.08:58WIRES On The WiresWest Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (WST), announced that it has increased its minority equity stake to 49 percent in Daikyo Seiko, Ltd., a company that West has partnered with for more than 40 years to develop and manufacture high-quality components and solutions for the primary containment and delivery of injectable medicines.CorMedix Inc. (CRMD) announced that it has completed its interaction with the FDA related to the chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) package that will be needed to support Neutrolin's new drug application (NDA). The FDA was supportive of Neutrolin's proposed manufacturing program, including the active pharmaceutical ingredients (API), the container closure and testing, and indicated that it will conduct a thorough review of all of the CMC information as well as assess the commercial readiness of the various manufacturing facilities at the time of NDA filing. No further CMC meetings with FDA are planned prior to NDA submission.A pre-NDA meeting has now been scheduled and CorMedix is looking forward to discussing with the FDA the filing of the NDA for Neutrolin, including the FDA programs intended to facilitate and expedite review of the application, such as Priority Review designation, rolling submission, and LPAD.Magenta Therapeutics (MGTA) announced the appointment of Jan Pinkas, Ph.D., as Senior Vice President, Translational Sciences. The Company also announced that Mike Cooke, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, will leave Magenta to pursue other opportunities.LINX S.A. (LINX) announces the acquisition of all shares of SetaDigital Sistemas Gerencial. Established in 2005, SetaDigital is a reference in ERP and POS solutions for the retail footwear sector and its expected gross revenue for 2020 is R$15 million. For the acquisition, Linx will pay the total of R$28.0 million in cash and, additionally, subject to the achievement of financial and operational goals for the years 2019 to 2021, will pay the amount of up to R$8.8 million.08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.40.The S&P 500 futures trade four points, or 0.2%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.In economic data: South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%) New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.6% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.4% India's Sensex: +0.2% South Korea's Kospi: +0.7% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +1.2%Major European indices trade near their flat lines. There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.In economic data: Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%) U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%) Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: UNCH Germany's DAX: +0.2% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.4% France's CAC 40: -0.2%Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.1%08:49PGR Progressive beats by $0.13, reports revs in-line (74.97 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.42 per share, $0.13 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.29; revenues rose 11.8% year/year to $9.62 bln vs the $9.66 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.08:46ATGE Adtalem Global Education confirms it is exploring strategic alternatives for its Brazil portfolio and is in discussions with interested parties (36.69 )The co confirmed it is exploring strategic alternatives for its Brazil portfolio and is in discussions with interested parties, including active negotiations with YDUQS (formerly known as Estacio Participaes), regarding the potential sale of Adtalem Educacional do Brasil.08:46WIRES On The WiresAxsome Therapeutics, Inc. (AXSM), announced the completion of patient enrollment in the GEMINI study, a Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of AXS-05 in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). AXS-05 (dextromethorphan/bupropion modulated delivery tablet) is a novel, oral, investigational NMDA receptor antagonist with multimodal activity. Axsome remains on track to report topline results from GEMINI in the fourth quarter of 2019.Castle Biosciences, Inc. (CSTL), announced the presentation of a multicenter, prospective study demonstrating that DecisionDx-UM test results significantly impacted treatment plan recommendations for patients with uveal melanoma. The study was presented at the American Academy of Ophthalmology 2019 Annual Meeting held October 12-15, 2019, in San Francisco.ViiV Healthcare, the global specialist HIV company majority owned by GSK (GSK), with Pfizer (PFE) and Shionogi Limited as shareholders, announced the submission of a supplemental New Drug Application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Dovato (dolutegravir and lamivudine) as a switch treatment for HIV-1 infection in virologically suppressed adults on a stable antiretroviral regimen with no treatment failure.Stifel Financial Corp. (SF) announced a strategic partnership with OurCrowd, an Israel-based global venture capital and crowdfunding platform connecting investors with early-stage, high-tech companies across industries and geographies. Stifel will also make a minority investment in OurCrowd.NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC. (NTCT), a market leader in service assurance, security, and business analytics, today announced that it will expand upon its OEM relationship to become part of the Cisco (CSCO) SolutionsPlus Program. Under this program, Cisco customers will be able to purchase NETSCOUT's Arbor Sightline and Arbor Threat Mitigation System (TMS) solutions through Cisco's global price list.08:34TWOU 2U names Paul S. Lalljie CFO (17.16 )Lalljie has more than 20 years of experience in finance management in the high-growth technology sector and most recently served as CFO of Neustar, Inc., an information services and technology company, from 2009 to 2018.08:32WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.50.The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.Just in, September retail sales declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), while the August reading was revised up to 0.6% from 0.4%. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%), and the August reading was revised up to 0.2% from 0.0%.08:32SAIL SailPoint acquires Orkus and OverWatchID for total consideration of $37.5 mln (18.31 )Both Orkus and OverWatchID will be integrated into the SailPoint Predictive Identity Platform in the first half of 2020. Once the integration is complete, organizations of all sizes will have access to a new approach to governing cloud environments, one that takes advantage of AI and machine learning and integrates seamlessly into existing identity governance programs. Taken together, this will enable organizations to accelerate access decisions to sensitive cloud resources, detecting potential anomalies and better enforcing access policies across all users, while maintaining compliance across all enterprise infrastructures. SailPoint does not expect to generate any material revenue from either of these acquisitions during the quarter ending December 31, 2019. During the same quarter of 2019, the two acquisitions are expected to add an aggregate of approximately $2 million of non-GAAP expense.08:31CRON Cronos Group comments on planned IPO of Cronos Australia (8.32 )Established in February 2018, Cronos Australia is a 50/50 joint venture between Cronos Group and NewSouthern Capital Pty Ltd., and is led by Rodney Cocks and Peter Righetti. Under the offering, Cronos Australia is expected to issue 40 million new shares at an offering price of AUD$0.50 per share (the "Cronos Australia IPO") ahead of its planned listing on the Australian Securities Exchange in November 2019.Upon completion of the Cronos Australia IPO, Cronos Group is expected to hold approximately 31 percent of the issued capital of Cronos Australia, and Cronos Australia is expected to have an initial market capitalization of approximately AUD$64.4 million.08:30ECONX September Retail Sales M/M -0.3% vs +0.3% Briefing.com consensus ; August revised to +0.6% from +0.4%08:30ECONX September Retail Sales ex-auto M/M -0.1% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryRebound Paced by Belly of the CurveU.S. Treasuries are on track for a higher start after an overnight advance in the futures market. Treasury futures began inching higher in the early evening, accelerating their advance at the start of the Asian session. The People's Bank of China injected liquidity through a medium-term lending facility while the Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Treasury futures hit pre-market highs at the start of the European session, but they returned to their overnight levels during the past hour. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 98.36. Yield Check: 2-yr: -2 bps to 1.59% 3-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 5-yr: -4 bps to 1.56% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.74% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.22%News: Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3. South Korea's September Unemployment Rate increased to 3.4% from 3.1% (expected 3.9%). New Zealand's Q3 CPI increased 0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%), rising 1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%). EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to brief EU ambassadors around 11:00 ET about the modified Brexit deal. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike. Eurozone's August trade surplus totaled EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI increased 0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%), rising +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). U.K.'s September CPI ticked up 0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%), rising 1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September Input PPI decreased 0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%), falling 2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). Italy's August Industrial New Orders increased 1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%) but were down 10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales decreased 0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%), falling 2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI decreased 0.6% m/m (last -0.5%) but was up 0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%). Commodities: WTI Crude: +0.4% to $53.01/bbl Gold: +0.1% to $1485.00/ozt Copper: -1.4% to $2.579/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.1026 GBP/USD: -0.2% to 1.2738 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1041 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.73 Data out Today: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (actual 0.5%; prior 5.4%) 8:30 ET: September Retail Sales (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%; prior 0.4%) and Retail Sales ex-auto (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.0%) 10:00 ET: August Business Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.4%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +2.7 mln) 14:00 ET: October Fed Beige Book 16:00 ET: August Net Long-Term TIC Flows (prior $84.30 bln)08:04SUMRX Gapping up/down: BAC +2%, UAL +2% and PNC +1% after earnings, ACHN +83% and TECD +10% after M&A news/speculation, JNJ +1% after upgrade; ABT -2%, ASML -1% and IBKR -1% after earnings, NOW -3% and ADBE -2% after downgradesGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:SNBR +4.8%, BAC +2.4%, UAL +1.8%, USB +1.6%, BK +1.5%, PNC +1.2%, ALLY +1.2%M&A news:ACHN +83.3% (to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share) TECD +10.5% (said to have received roughly $130/share cash takeover bid from Apollo (APO), according to Reuters)Other news:ABC +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MCK +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)CAH +6.1% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MNK +4.8% (Armistice Capital discloses 8.5% passive stake) FULT +2.3% (approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020)ASMB +2.2% (to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting) AUPH +2.1% (reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter) ETN +1.6% (Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash)MGM +1.5% (MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln; announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln)NKTR +1.4% (after closing near highs - up 9% on the day)SFIX +1.2% (Director/10% owner disclosed the purchase of 150K shares)TW +0.9% (launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate)INCY +0.9% (announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease)Analyst comments:PSTG +5% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)AXSM +4.7% (initiated with a Buy at Guggenheim)CDXC +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $6)AVAV +3.4% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper Jaffray)EVFM +1.4% (resumed with an Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)JNJ +1.1% (upgraded to Neutral from Underweight at Atlantic Equities)INOV +0.8% (initiated with a Buy at Citigroup)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:ABT -1.8%, ASML -1.2%, IBKR -0.9%, FHN -0.9%Other news:PRQR -11.6% (prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share)RYTM -10% (prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share)PRNB -5.3% (prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share)WDAY -5% (under pressure following its Financial Analyst Day event)AKBA -3.7% (files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage)X -2.7% (proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026)NTRA -2% (proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock)RIO -1.9% (reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production)LLY -1.6% (announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival) PINS -1.2% (after falling to four-month low as IPO lockup expires)Analyst comments:NOW -3.2% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley)ADBE -2.4% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)XOG -1.1% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Stephens)COST -0.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Northcoast)08:02SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:ABT -1.8%, ASML -1.2%, IBKR -0.9%, FHN -0.9%Other news:PRQR -11.6% (prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share)RYTM -10% (prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share)PRNB -5.3% (prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share)WDAY -5% (under pressure following its Financial Analyst Day event)AKBA -3.7% (files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage)X -2.7% (proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026)NTRA -2% (proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock)RIO -1.9% (reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production)LLY -1.6% (announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival) PINS -1.2% (after falling to four-month low as IPO lockup expires)Analyst comments:NOW -3.2% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley)ADBE -2.4% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)XOG -1.1% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Stephens)COST -0.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Northcoast)08:01SABR Sabre acquires Radixx, an airline retailing software provider in the low cost carrier space, for approximately $110 million, including payments to debtholders, using cash on hand (21.45 )Radixx is expected to generate approximately $20 million of revenue in 2019. The acquisition is expected to be accretive over the medium term, but modestly dilutive to Sabre's Adjusted EPS in 2020 due to expected incremental investment in the fast-growing LCC space. Sabre expects an immaterial impact to its full year 2019 results from the acquisition.08:00SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:SNBR +4.8%, BAC +2.4%, UAL +1.8%, USB +1.6%, BK +1.5%, PNC +1.2%, ALLY +1.2%M&A news:ACHN +83.3% (to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share) TECD +10.5% (said to have received roughly $130/share cash takeover bid from Apollo (APO), according to Reuters)Other news:ABC +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MCK +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)CAH +6.1% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MNK +4.8% (Armistice Capital discloses 8.5% passive stake) FULT +2.3% (approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020)ASMB +2.2% (to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting) AUPH +2.1% (reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter) ETN +1.6% (Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash)MGM +1.5% (MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln; announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln)NKTR +1.4% (after closing near highs - up 9% on the day)SFIX +1.2% (Director/10% owner disclosed the purchase of 150K shares)TW +0.9% (launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate)INCY +0.9% (announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease)Analyst comments:PSTG +5% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)AXSM +4.7% (initiated with a Buy at Guggenheim)CDXC +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $6)AVAV +3.4% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper Jaffray)EVFM +1.4% (resumed with an Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)JNJ +1.1% (upgraded to Neutral from Underweight at Atlantic Equities)INOV +0.8% (initiated with a Buy at Citigroup)07:58WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.30.The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, below fair value after yesterday's earnings-relief rally. Today, investors continue to assess incoming earnings reports, U.S.-China trade relations, and an elusive Brexit deal.Bank of America (BAC 30.37, +0.64, +2.2%) headlines today's batch of bank earnings, and results have come in better than expected. United Airlines (UAL 89.10, +1.22, +1.4%) also topped earnings estimates and raised its FY19 EPS guidance. Overall, results have been better than feared, but political uncertainty has tempered sentiment.For instance, China warned it would take "strong countermeasures" against the U.S. if it passed the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The House of Representative passed the bill, but it remains uncertain when the Senate would vote. Elsewhere, some uncertainty remains on a modified Brexit deal despite reports yesterday indicating a draft deal was near.On the data front, investors will receive Retail Sales for September (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%) at 8:30 a.m. ET, Business Inventories for August (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) at 10:00 a.m. ET, the Fed's Beige Book for October at 2:00 p.m. ET, and Net Long-Term TIC Flows for August at 4:00 p.m. ET. The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index ticked up 0.5% following a 5.4% increase in the prior week.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.60%, and the 10-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.74%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.34. WTI crude is up 0.3%, or $0.16, to $52.98/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Bank of America (BAC 30.37, +0.64): +2.2% after beating earnings estimates. McKesson Corporation (MCK 149.00, +10.83): +7.8% alongside gains in Cardinal Health (CAH 49.17, +1.27, +2.7%) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC 87.94, +4.74, +5.7%) after The Wall Street Journal reported the companies are in talks to settle opioid litigation for $18 billion. The payment would be phased over 18 years. United Airlines (UAL 89.10, +1.22): +1.4% after beating earnings estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance. UAL also raised its FY19 cost guidance, though. U.S. Bancorp (USB 54.55, +0.79): +1.5% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. PNC Financial Services (PNC 143.25, +1.38): +1.0% after it also beat top and bottom-line expectations.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +1.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.6%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.4%, India's Sensex +0.2%, South Korea's Kospi +0.7%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +1.2%.In economic data:South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%)New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)In news:The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it expected to also clear the Senate.Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.Major European indices trade near their flat lines. STOXX Europe 600 UNCH, Germany's DAX +0.3%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.2%, France's CAC 40 UNCH, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.1%.In economic data:Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%)U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%)Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)In news:There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.07:53ASMB Assembly Biosciences to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting (9.30 )ABI-H0731 -- Continued Therapy with ABI-H0731+Nrtl Results in Sequential Reduction/Loss of HBV DNA, HBV RNA, HBeAg, HBcrAg and HBsAg in HBeAg-Positive PatientsAbstract Summary: Final results from Phase 2a are reported for HBeAg+ patients with chronic HBV infection treated with 731+Nrtl for 24 weeks. In Study 202 (Rx nave patients), greater mean log10 declines in HBV DNA (5.27 vs 3.99; p=0.017) and RNA (2.34 vs 0.61; p<0.001) were achieved with 731+Nrtl (entecavir) versus entecavir alone. In Study 201 (Nrtl-suppressed patients), the proportion of patients on 731+Nrtl versus Nrtl alone achieving DNA target not detected (TND) was 69% vs 0% (p<0.001), and the proportion of patients achieving RNA <35 U/mL whose RNA was less than 35 U/mL at baseline was 52% vs 0% (p=0.0013) respectively. In Study 211, there are 64 HBeAg+ patients currently on extended treatment beyond 24 weeks. Among the 27 HBeAg+ patients receiving 731+Nrtl in Study 201, 41% (11/27) have now achieved DNA TND along with RNA <35 U/mL and HBeAg <1 IU/mL. At their last timepoint, Study 202 patients now in Study 211 (n=22) have demonstrated mean DNA and RNA declines of 6.1 and 3.0 logs, respectively, with observed mean log changes of more than or equal to 0.6 for HBeAg (11 patients more than or equal to 0.5, 4 patients more than or equal to 1.0), >0.8 log for HBcrAg (7 patients more than or equal to 1.0, 3 patients more than or equal to 2.0) and more than or equal to 0.4 log for HBsAg (7 patients more than or equal to 0.5, 3 patients more than or equal to 1.0). 731 continues to exhibit a favorable safety and tolerability profile in patients treated for up to 1 year, with only mild/moderate adverse events and lab abnormalities, and only a single discontinuation due to a Grade 1 rash. The combination of 731+NrtI results in faster and deeper declines in HBV DNA and RNA than NrtI alone, as well as subsequent declines in the surrogate markers of cccDNA (pgRNA, HBeAg and HBcrAg) predictive of cccDNA pool depletion, and HBsAg. The emergent data supports the continued development of 731. ABI-H2158 -- The Second-Generation Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) Core Inhibitor (CI) ABI-H2158 is Associated with Potent Antiviral Activity in a 14-Day Monotherapy Study in HBeAg-positive Patients with Chronic Hepatitis B (CHB)Abstract Summary: The Phase 1b study is enrolling sequential cohorts of 9 patients and each cohort will be randomized to receive 2158 or placebo (7:2) QD for 14 days in a blinded manner. Dosing in the 1st cohort (100 mg) has been completed. In patients receiving 2158, mean declines from Baseline to Day 15 in HBV DNA and RNA levels were 2.3 log10 IU/mL [range 1.7 -- 3.0] and 2.1 log10 IU/mL [range 1.5 - 2.7] respectively. No serious AEs, dose limiting toxicities or premature discontinuations were reported. Three patients reported a total of 5 mild, drug-related AEs that recovered without intervention; dizziness, fatigue, rash, headache and upper abdominal pain. Treatment emergent laboratory abnormalities were infrequent, mild and transient, with no ALT elevations Grade more than or equal to 1 in severity. Day 14 plasma 2158 Cmax and AUC0-24hr were 3,390 ng/mL and 46,100 hr*ng/mL, respectively. Results from the initial 100 mg low dose of ABI-H2158 cohort demonstrated potent antiviral activity, a favorable safety profile when administered for 14 days, and support once daily dosing in CHB patients.07:43PAG Penske Auto increases quarterly dividend to $0.41/share from $0.40/share (45.08 )07:38ABT Abbott Labs reports EPS in-line, revs in-line; guides Q4 EPS in-line (81.98 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.84 per share, in-line with the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.84; revenues rose 5.5% year/year to $8.08 bln vs the $8.1 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus, and 7.6 percent on an organic basis including 3.8% in nutrition, 6.6% in diagnostics, 7.9% in established pharma and 10.6% in medical devices. FreeStyle Libre achieved worldwide sales of $496 million in the quarter, an increase of 63.1 percent on a reported basis and 67.6 percent on an organic basis versus the prior year. During the third quarter, FreeStyle Libre obtained public reimbursement coverage in Ontario and Quebec, becoming the first and only sensor-based glucose monitoring system to be listed by any provincial health plan in Canada. Worldwide sales of MitraClip were $176 million in the quarter, an increase of 30.4 percent on a reported basis and 31.9 percent on an organic basis, including U.S. growth of 45.7 percent versus the prior year. During the third quarter, Abbott announced U.S. FDA approval of its next-generation MitraClip device, which offers enhancements and more sizes to offer doctors further options.Co issues in-line guidance for Q4, sees EPS of $0.94-0.96, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $0.95 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $3.23-3.25 from $3.21-3.27, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $3.24 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:36ALLY Ally Financial beats by $0.03, beats on revs (32.02 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.98; revenues rose 6.5% yr/yr to $1.62 bln vs the $1.57 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Consumer auto originations were $9.3 bln, up 14% yr/yr, sourced from a third quarter record 3.2 mln applications, up 11%yr/yr.Insurance written premiums were $357 mln, up 11%yr/yr.07:30NVCR NovoCure announces results from theSTELLAR trial were published in The Lancet Oncology (78.69 )Data showed a median overall survival of 18.2 months (95 percent CI, 12.1 months-25.8 months) for patients treated with NovoTTF-100L and pemetrexed plus cisplatin or carboplatin. One- and two-year survival rates were 62.2 percent (95 percent CI, 50.3 percent-72.0 percent) and 41.9 percent (95 percent CI, 28.0 percent-55.2 percent), respectively. No serious systemic adverse events were considered to be related to the use of NovoTTF-100L. The most common mild to moderate adverse event was skin irritation beneath the transducer arrays.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +0.3%, FTSE -0.2%, CAC UNCHMajor European indices trade near their flat lines. There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.In economic data: Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%) U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%) Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: UNCH Germany's DAX: +0.3% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.2% France's CAC 40: UNCH Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.1%---FX---EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.1031 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2755 USD/CHF: -0.1% to 0.998107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -3.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.80.07:15AMX America Movil SA reports 3Q19 results (15.16 )Q3 EPS of $0.20 (vs $0.30 last Q3)Q3 Revenues of 248 billion pesos were 0.2% higher than a year before in Mexican peso terms notwithstanding the depreciation of various currencies vis--vis the Mexican peso, particularly the Colombian and Argentinean pesos.EBITDA of 78.8 billion pesos (under IFRS16) was equivalent to 31.7% of revenues. Under comparable accounting standards, and at constant exchange rates ex-Argentina, EBITDA shot up 7.2% after adjusting for extraordinary items in Brazil and Austria. The co added 1.6 million postpaid subscribers in the third quarter, including 928 thousand in Brazil, 215 thousand in Mexico and 159 thousand in Austria.Mobile postpaid and fixed-broadband remain the main drivers of access growth at 7.8% and 5.6% year-on-year respectively, while mobile prepaid subs and PayTV units declined 3.5% and 2.5%; fixed-voice accesses were roughly flat.07:04S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -18.00.07:04European MarketsFTSE...7199.59...-12.10...-0.20%. DAX...12652.32...+22.50...+0.20%.07:04Asian MarketsNikkei...22473...+265.70...+1.20%. Hang Seng...26664...+160.40...+0.60%.07:04PACW PacWest Bancorp misses by $0.01 (36.87 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.92 per share, $0.01 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.93Q3 Net interest margin of 4.46% vs 4.72% in Q207:02SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up: SNBR +10.4%, MCK +7.8%, ABC +5.7%, CDXC +4.6%, CAH +2.7%, PNC +2.5%, FULT +2.3%, BK +2.2%, USB +1.7%, USB +1.7%, NKTR +1.4%, UAL +1.3%, SFIX +1.2%, MGM +1.1%, BAC +0.9%, IBKR +0.5%Gapping down: PRQR -11.6%, RYTM -11.4%, PRNB -5.9%, AKBA -3.7%, X -3.6%, WDAY -3.3%, RIO -2.3%, NTRA -2%, CHRW -1.5%, TW -0.8%, PINS -0.6%07:01CTSH Cognizant Tech to acquire Contino; terms not disclosed (61.34 )Contino is a privately-held technology consulting firm that specializes in helping Global 2,000 clients accelerate their digital transformation by leveraging enterprise DevOps methodologies, a cloud-native development approach, and advanced data platforms.07:01INCY Incyte announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease (78.52 )Results of randomized Phase 3 REACH2 trial show that ruxolitinib significantly improves overall response rate (ORR) at 28 days vs. best available therapy in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease (GvHD). Further analysis of the safety and efficacy data is ongoing. Novartis expects to initiate discussions with ex-U.S. regulatory authorities in 2020, and to submit REACH2 results for presentation at an upcoming scientific meeting.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +1.2%, Hang Seng +0.6%, Shanghai -0.4%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.In economic data: South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%) New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.6% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.4% India's Sensex: +0.2% South Korea's Kospi: +0.7% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +1.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.70 USD/CNH: +0.4% to 7.1080 USD/INR: -0.1% to 71.4506:55BAC Bank of America beats by $0.07, reports revs in-line (29.73 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.75 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.68; revenues rose 0.3% year/year to $22.95 bln vs the $22.73 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest yield (FTE basis) of 2.41%, declined 4 bps."Our teammates delivered another strong quarter of earnings and returns for shareholders. In a moderately growing economy, we focused on driving those things that are controllable. We made continued strong investments in our capabilities to serve customers, more relationship management teammates, more and refurbished branches and offices, and more digital capabilities, all while core expenses are flat. Our client activity, the expansion of our client base, and our ability to gain market share across most of our businesses in the quarter, all reflect responsible growth."06:52USB U.S. Bancorp beats by $0.04, beats on revs (53.76 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.15 per share, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.11; revenues rose 3.9% yr/yr to $5.92 bln vs the $5.81 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.The net interest margin in the third quarter of 2019 was 3.02%, compared with 3.15% in the third quarter of 2018 and 3.13% in the second quarter of 2019. Net interest margin decreased year-over-year primarily due to the impacts of the yield curve as well as deposit and funding mix and higher cash balances.06:48PNC PNC beats by $0.14, beats on revs (140.72 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.94 per share, $0.14 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.80; revenues rose 3.1% year/year to $4.49 bln vs the $4.41 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest margin decreased 7 basis points to 2.84%. Overall credit quality for the third quarter of 2019 remained strong. Provision for credit losses for the third quarter increased $3 million compared with the second quarter. A higher provision for the consumer loan portfolio driven by higher auto loan and credit card reserves was substantially offset by a lower provision for the commercial lending portfolio reflecting the sale of franchise finance loans and comparatively lower loan growth.06:46LLY Eli Lilly announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival (109.70 )The most common Grade 3/4 adverse events occurring at a higher rate (>5% difference) on the pegilodecakin-plus-FOLFOX arm compared to the FOLFOX arm were neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, fatigue and anemia. Detailed efficacy and safety results will be submitted for presentation at a future medical meeting.06:44WIRES On The WiresEnergy Fuels Inc. (UUUU) is aware that multiple news outlets are reporting that the deadline for the U.S. Nuclear Fuel Working Group to make recommendations to President Trump on how to reinvigorate domestic nuclear fuel production, originally set for October 10, 2019, has been extended by up to 30 days. While these news reports appear credible, the Company is not aware of any official announcement of an extension from the administration.HEXO (HEXO) says it is committed to playing an important role in eliminating the black market and in protecting public health and safety, and to this end is pleased to announce the launch of Original Stash, its new value brand. Adult-use consumers will now be able to purchase 28 grams (1 oz) at black market prices, at a retail price in Quebec of $125.70 including sales taxes, equivalent to $4.49 a gram all in.HitGen Inc. announced that it has entered into a drug discovery research collaboration with Galapagos NV (GLPG) to identify potential small molecule leads against targets of interest to Galapagos NV. In this collaboration, HitGen will apply its technology platform, based on DNA-encoded library design, synthesis and interrogation, to discover novel leads. Under the terms of the agreement, HitGen will receive an undisclosed upfront payment and will be eligible for milestone payments from Galapagos NV.Energous Corporation (WATT) announced a partnership with ZPower, the world's only developer of silver-zinc microbattery technology, to develop WattUp-enabled ZPower rechargeable microbatteries.Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (NEPT) announced that its Sherbrooke, Quebec facility started to process biomass using its new cold ethanol equipment. The first shipments of cannabis extracts produced with our ethanol equipment are expected in the coming weeks once the final release testing is completed on the first batches that have been extracted. Combined with Neptune's CO2 extraction line, the Company's capacity to process biomass is expected to reach an annual run rate of 200,000 kg by the end of November.06:42CMA Comerica beats by $0.06, reports revs in-line (67.00 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.96 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.90; revenues rose 1.1% year/year to $842 mln vs the $836.1 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest income decreased $17 million, and net interest margin decreased 15 basis points, compared to second quarter 2019.Q4 Outlook:Average loans stable, reflecting growth in several lines of business, including a seasonal increase in National Dealer Services, offset by a decrease in Mortgage Banker Finance due to seasonality and lower refinancing activity. Average deposits stable with continued focus on attracting and retaining relationship-based deposits.Decline in net interest income due to the net impact of lower interest rates of approximately $35 million (includes a 25 basis point anticipated reduction in the federal funds rate in December 2019), as well as lower interest recoveries and loan fees from elevated third quarter levels.Noninterest income relatively stable, excluding the impact of deferred compensation asset returns, with higher syndication fees and fiduciary income in third quarter 2019 that are unlikely to repeat.06:36AUPH Aurinia Pharma reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter (4.67 )The company also reported today that, further to its Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC previously announced on September 13, 2019, in relation to at-the-market ("ATM") offerings of common shares, the company has completed the sale of 2,343,750 common shares at a weighted average price of US$6.40 for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately US$15 million. The company does not intend to conduct further sales pursuant to the ATM at this time.06:33ACHN Achillion Pharma to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share (3.65 )The initial consideration of approximately $930 million, or $6.30 per share of Achillion common stock, will be funded with cash on hand. As part of the acquisition, Alexion will also be acquiring the cash currently on Achillion's balance sheet. As of September 30, 2019, this was approximately $230 million; the actual amount will be determined as of the transaction close. The transaction includes the potential for additional consideration in the form of non-tradeable contingent value rights (CVRs), which will be paid to Achillion shareholders if certain clinical and regulatory milestones are achieved within specified periods. These include $1.00 per share for the U.S. FDA approval of danicopan and $1.00 per share for ACH-5228 Phase 3 initiation.06:33BK BNY Mellon beats by $0.08, misses on revs (44.36 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.07 per share, $0.08 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.99; revenues fell 5.1% year/year to $3.86 bln vs the $3.92 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Fee revenue decreased 1% primarily reflecting the cumulative AUM outflows since 3Q18, lower performance fees and the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, partially offset by higher fees in Issuer Services and Clearance and Collateral Management and higher client assets and volumes in Pershing. Net interest revenue decreased 18% primarily reflecting the lease-related impairment of $70 million, higher interest-bearing deposit and funding costs and lower noninterest-bearing deposit balances, partially offset by the benefit of higher rates earned on interest-earning assets. The lease-related impairment decreased net interest revenue 8%. Sequentially, nearly all of the 9% decrease in net interest revenue was driven by the lease-related impairment.AUC/A of $35.8 trillion, increased 4%, primarily reflecting higher market values and net new business, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. AUM of $1.9 trillion, increased 3%, primarily reflecting higher market values, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar (principally versus the British pound) and net outflows."We're encouraged by fee growth across many of the businesses within Investment Services. Interest rate headwinds and deposit mix continue to challenge net interest revenue and Asset Management continues to be negatively impacted by prior-year outflows. We are taking actions to improve performance and we remain focused on investing in our future while controlling our overall expenses. Our company is well positioned to continue returning significant amounts of capital to shareholders"06:33FHN First Horizon beats by $0.01, beats on revs (16.15 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.43 per share, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.42; revenues rose 2.3% year/year to $472.4 mln vs the $466.1 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:22ITGR Integer Holdings Board approves change to the Company's fiscal year, comments on impact to guidance (75.22 )Upon receipt of the customary approval of the lenders under the Company's senior credit facilities, the Company's current fiscal year will end on December 31, 2019, rather than January 3, 2020, with subsequent fiscal years beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31."We estimate this reduction of three days in our 2019 fiscal calendar (of which two are business days) will lower 2019 sales by $4 million to $6 million, which we expect will put us at the low end of our prior sales guidance of $1,265 million to $1,280 million. We expect to be solidly within our prior guidance for earnings per diluted share ("EPS") and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") as our manufacturing excellence strategic imperative is generating efficiency that offsets the impact of the lower sales. 2019 guidance remains unchanged: EPS of $2.89 to $3.09 per share, adjusted EPS of $4.25 to $4.45 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $277 million to $285 million."06:18PRQR ProQR Therapeutics prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share (6.22 )06:17RYTM Rhythm Pharmaceuticals prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share (20.89 )06:16BPMC Blueprint Medicines & Ipsen (IPSEY) enter into exclusive, worldwide license agreement for the development and commercialization of BLU-782 (74.49 )The agreement enhances Ipsen's Rare Diseases portfolio and advances Blueprint Medicines' goal of rapidly and efficiently developing BLU-782 as a potential treatment for patients with FOP. Ipsen has demonstrated its commitment to leadership in this complex ultra-rare genetic disorder through the ongoing late-stage clinical development of palovarotene, an investigational retinoic acid receptor gamma agonist. With the addition of BLU-782, which recently completed dosing in a Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers, Ipsen has the potential to offer the broadest possible suite of treatment options for patients with FOP.Subject to the terms of the license agreement, Blueprint Medicines will be eligible to receive up to $535 million in upfront, milestone and other payments, including an upfront cash payment of $25 million and up to $510 million in potential milestone payments related to specified development, regulatory and sales-based milestones for licensed products in up to two indications, including FOP. In addition, Ipsen will pay Blueprint Medicines tiered percentage royalties ranging from the low- to mid-teens on worldwide aggregate annual net sales of licensed products, subject to adjustment in specified circumstances under the license agreement.06:15ASML ASML beats by 0.04, misses on revs; guides Q4 revs in-line (267.54 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of 1.49 per share, 0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of 1.45; revenues rose 7.6% year/year to 2.99 bln vs the 3.03 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross Margin was 43.7% vs. guidance for between 43% and 44%.Co issues in-line guidance for Q4, sees Q4 revs of ~3.9 bln vs. 3.93 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees gross margin between 48% and 49%.ASML announces that it has revised its capital return policy to provide for dividend payments on a semi-annual basis. ASML's dividend proposals will continue to be subject to the availability of distributable profits or retained earnings and other factors, such as future liquidity requirements. The interim dividend over 2019 will be EUR 1.05 per ordinary share.Through September 29, 2019, ASML has acquired 8.2 million shares under this program for a total consideration of EUR 1.4 billion. ASML does not expect to purchase the full EUR 2.5 billion of shares within the 2018-2019 time frame.06:15PRNB Principia Biopharma prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share (29.91 )06:13CHTR Charter Comm prices $1.5 bln of 4.80% senior secured notes due 2050 and $500 mln of senior unsecured notes due 2030 (432.92 )06:11INGR Ingredion issues statement on malware; not aware of evidence that any customer, supplier or employee data has been improperly accessed, misused, or transferred by any third party (81.09 )06:08HTHT Huazhu Group announces preliminary Q3 results for hotel operations, sees net revenue in line with guidance (34.07 )Blended average daily room rate (in RMB) was +2.6% yr/yr to 245Blended occupancy rate (as a percentage) was -3.1pp yr/yr to 87.7% Blended revPAR (in RMB) was -0.8% yr/yr to 215Net revenue for 2019 Q3 is expected to increase by 10%-11% year-over-year, in line with guidance06:04MOH Molina Healthcare to acquire certain assets of YourCare Health Plan for approximately $40 mln (117.47 )The co announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of YourCare Health Plan, Inc., a not-for-profit subsidiary of Monroe Plan for Medical Care. As a part of the transaction, Molina will assume the right to serve approximately 46,000 Medicaid members in seven counties in the Western New York and Finger Lakes regions. Monroe and its affiliate MP CareSolutions will continue to provide certain management and administrative services related to member care and provider relations.The purchase price of approximately $40 million will be funded through Molina's available cash. Subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other customary conditions, the closing of the transaction is expected to occur in early 2020. YourCare's estimated premium revenue for the full year 2019 is approximately $285 million.06:03CBSH Commerce Bancshares beats by $0.06, reports revs in-line (60.25 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.98 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.92; revenues fell 0.8% year/year to $336.3 mln vs the $337.31 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets continue offbeat toneThe global equity markets lack congruent direction once again this morning. S&P Futures are down about ten points and are trading near the 2988 area. The overnight range was average with a high of 2997.75 and a low sitting at 2984.75.In Asia, the Nikkei gained over 1%, while the Shanghai slipped 0.4%. The Nikkei made a two-month high on a day that saw automakers strong across the board with Toyota, Nissan and Honda all pacing the way with 1% gains. Chinese markets dipped lower after unsettling reports that the "phase one" deal that was "agreed" upon over the weekend may unravel.In Europe, the major bourses are echoing the broader sentiment with a mixed tone. Last minute Brexit talks remain the dominating talking point throughout the region and the markets appear to have taken a cautious tone thus far. Contrary to Japan, EU automakers are weaker this morning despite September Passenger Car Registrations rising over 14%.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -7.010 yr Note: 1.72%USD/JPY: 108.66 -0.19EUR/USD: 1.1029 -0.0004Europe: FTSE -0.3% DAX +0.1% CAC -0.3%Asia: Hang Seng +0.6% Shanghai -0.4% Nikkei +1.2%Gold (1485.70 +2.20) Silver (17.29 -0.09) Crude (52.69 -0.12)18:20EDIT Editas Medicine and Asklepios BioPharmaceutical enter strategic research collaboration to explore in vivo delivery of genome editing medicines to treat neurological diseases (20.28 +0.45)18:19TW Tradeweb Markets launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate (39.91 0.00)Tradeweb intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to purchase equity interests from certain existing owners. Refinitiv will continue to own a controlling interest in Tradeweb following the offering.17:53RIO Rio Tinto reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production (51.40 -0.44)Pilbara iron ore shipments of 86.1 million tonnes (100% basis) in the third quarter were 5% higher than the third quarter of 2018. Pilbara iron ore production of 87.3 million tonnes (100% basis) was 6% higher than the third quarter of 2018 and 10% higher than the previous quarter, reflecting a good recovery from the operational and weather challenges experienced earlier in the year. Third quarter bauxite production and shipments to third parties were 9% and 23% higher, respectively, than the same period of 2018. Aluminium production of 0.8 million tonnes was 3% lower than the third quarter of 2018. Mined copper production of 158 thousand tonnes was 1% lower than the third quarter of 2018, but 15% higher than the second quarter. At the Oyu Tolgoi underground project, the primary production shaft (shaft 2) remains on track for commissioning this month. Guidance is unchanged, with the exception of bauxite production, which has been revised to around 54 million tonnes (previously 56 to 59 million tonnes), and alumina production, which has been revised to around 7.7 million tonnes (previously 8.1 to 8.4 million tonnes).17:48NTRA Natera proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock pursuant to automatically effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (39.22 +1.03)17:41HBB Hamilton Beach Brands to wind down of the retail operations of The Kitchen Collection and the closure of all 160 stores by the end of 2019 (16.66 +0.73)Sales will commence at all Kitchen Collection stores in the next few days and continue through the holiday selling season. Kitchen Collection has ~800 employees. "While operating losses have moderated from the prior year in the first half of 2019, Kitchen Collection continues to experience decreased comparable store sales as a result of declining foot traffic due to the consumer shift to e-commerce sales. Despite our best efforts to return Kitchen Collection to profitability through footprint consolidation, further deterioration in foot traffic has lowered our outlook for the prospects of a future return to profitability and positive cash flow generation. We have evaluated strategic alternatives to maximize the value of the Kitchen Collection business and reached the difficult but necessary decision that it is in the best interests of the company and all of its stakeholders to wind down the business by the end of 2019."During the third quarter, Kitchen Collection expects to record a non-cash, pretax impairment charge of $1 mln related to property, plant and equipment and a valuation allowance of $1.9 mln related to deferred tax assets primarily for state net operating losses. During the fourth quarter, Kitchen Collection expects to incur expenses in the range of $4 mln to $6 mln. Total cash expenditures relating to the Wind Down, excluding cash expenditures in the ordinary course as Kitchen Collection continues to operate, to be in the range of $6 mln to $8 mln.17:36HON Honeywell names Mike Madsen as Pres/CEO of Honeywell Aerospace and appoints Jeff Kimbell as Chief Commercial Officer (163.64 +0.66)Madsen succeeds Tim Mahoney, who held the role for the past 10 years and has been named Senior Vice President, Enterprise Transformation. Madsen and Mahoney will work closely over the coming weeks to ensure a smooth transition of responsibilities.17:33PNFP Pinnacle Finl beats by $0.10, beats on revs; approves new share repurchase authorization for an additional $100 mln (56.56 +0.57)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.45 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.10 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.35; revenues rose 15.6% year/year to $278.43 mln vs the $267.58 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q3 net interest margin decreased by 0.05 percent from the second quarter, primarily due to reduced yields on securities portfolio as well as increased balance sheet liquidity."We anticipate the office closures to be finalized in the fourth quarter, while several of the other assets are under contract. Additionally, our performance in the third quarter allowed us to increase our 2019 expected incentive payout resulting in an increase of $7.5 million in third quarter incentive costs over the amount recorded in the second quarter. We anticipate that incentive costs for the fourth quarter of 2019 will be less than those recorded in the third quarter and more consistent with the amounts reported in the second quarter of 2019."17:27NTRA Natera files for $175 mln common stock shelf offering (39.22 +1.03)17:26ARCE Arco Platform files for $1 bln mixed securities shelf offering (48.25 +1.70)17:19SU Suncor Energy announces closing of investment in Enerkem (29.77 -0.17)Enerkem, a waste-to-biofuels and chemicals producer, today announced the closing of a $50 mln equity investment from Suncor. As Canada's leading integrated energy company, Suncor first participated in the ownership of Enerkem in April 2019 as part of a $76.3 mln equity financing alongside Enerkem's existing shareholders. With this new investment, Suncor becomes a significant, strategic shareholder of Enerkem. In addition to its equity interest, Suncor also provides technical resources to support the operations of the Enerkem Alberta Biofuels plant located in Edmonton.17:13CRNC Cerence files for ~651K share common stock offering by selling shareholders (15.95 -0.83)17:11IBKR Interactive Brokers misses EPS, beats on revenue (47.44 +0.40)Q3 GAAP EPS $0.45 vs. $0.49 consensus; net revenue +6% to $466 mln vs. $461.4 mln consensus. The results for the quarter were positively impacted by strong growth in net interest income, which increased $47 million, or 19%, and commissions revenue, which increased $20 million, or 12%, from the year-ago quarter; partially counterbalanced by lower other income, which decreased $40 million from the year-ago quarter.17:02DNKN Dunkin' announces departure of Tony Weisman, Chief Marketing Officer Dunkin' U.S., effective December 1 (76.90 -0.01)Mr. Weisman had been with the company since September 2017. The company will immediately begin a search for his replacement, and Mr. Weisman has agreed to assist in the search. Until the appointment of a new CMO, the marketing department will report to Dave Hoffmann, Dunkin' Brands CEO and Dunkin' U.S. President.16:49HWC Hancock Whitney beats by $0.02; approves increased buyback authorization of 5.5 mlnshares (38.48 +0.82)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.03 per share, excluding $0.26 per share merger related costs, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.01. NIM narrowed by 4 bps to 3.41%. The decrease in the net interest margin was primarily attributable to a decline in the earning asset yield (7 bps), partially offset by a decline in the cost of funds (3 bps).16:48AKBA Akebia Therapeutics files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage (4.32 +0.18)Akebia Therapeutics today filed a complaint in federal district court against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The lawsuit challenges a September 2018 decision by CMS that rescinded Medicare Part D coverage of Auryxia (ferric citrate), Akebia's FDA-approved drug, when used for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) not on dialysis. The legal action also seeks to reverse a related decision by CMS that imposed a prior authorization requirement for Auryxia when used for the control of serum phosphorus levels in adult patients with CKD on dialysis.16:45RE Everest Re reports prelim Q3 pre-tax catastrophe loss estimate of $280 mln ($225 mln net of tax) (251.54 +0.93)These estimates specifically exclude any losses from Typhoon Hagibis which made landfall in Japan on October 12. The Everest estimated losses are based on a review of the Company's exposures, catastrophe models, best available information from customers and intermediaries, and industry insured loss estimates of approximately $8.5 billion for Dorian and $9 billion for Faxai. Given the recent date of the loss events, there is meaningful uncertainty as to the ultimate loss amounts.16:42SVM Silvercorp Metals reports results of exploration programs at LMW mine in China (3.70 -0.19)Silvercorp Metals reports the results of its exploration programs from April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2019 at the LMW mine, Ying Mining District, Henan Province, China. Exploration drilling is ongoing at the LMW mine and all other mines at the Ying Mining District.During this period, Silvercorp completed 21,272 meters of underground diamond drilling and 3,274m of exploration tunneling at the LMW mine. Results of underground drilling continuously extended the major mineralized vein structures along strike and downdip, and exploration tunneling exposed high-grade mineralization zones within major production vein structures.Highlights of selected drill hole intersections include:Hole ZKX11111 intersected a 1.34m interval from 135.86m to 137.20m, 0.97m true width, of vein LM17W1 grading 1,211 grams per tonne ("g/t") silver ("Ag"), 11.58% lead ("Pb"), and 0.92% zinc ("Zn") at the 634m elevation; Hole ZKX1302 intersected a 1.22m interval from 121.20m to 122.42m, 1.21m true width, of a new vein grading 661g/t Ag, 14.00% Pb, and 0.28% Zn at the 708m elevation; and Hole ZKX0513 intersected a 1.66m interval from 185.43m to 187.09m, 1.36m true width, of vein LM17W grading 859g/t Ag, 4.53% Pb, and 0.31% Zn at the 661m elevation.16:41GRTS Gritstone Oncology files for $250 mln mixed securities shelf offering (8.57 0.00)16:36NANO Nanometrics and Rudolph Technologies (RTEC) provide post-merger details - combined company will be named Onto Innovation and trade on NYSE under symbol ONTO; expected to close before the end of October (33.41 +0.73)16:34ETN Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash (82.18 +1.32)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to sell its Lighting business to Signify N.V. for a cash purchase price of $1.4 bln. The decision follows a comprehensive review of various potential transaction alternatives. Eaton's Lighting business is one of the world's leading providers of LED lighting and control solutions. The business, which had sales of $1.7 bln in 2018, serves customers in commercial, industrial, residential and municipal markets.16:33AEE Ameren announces organizational changes; appoints Michael Moehn as CFO, effective December 1 (75.80 -0.49)In a rotation of responsibilities, Marty Lyons, currently EVP and CFO, and President of Ameren Services, who has served as CFO for the last decade, will become President of Ameren Missouri, while Mr. Moehn, who is currently President of Ameren Missouri, will become EVP and CFO, and President of Ameren Services.16:33AVD American Vanguard guides Q3 well below consensus; cuts FY19 revenue guidance (15.32 +0.26)Sees Q3 revs +10% to $123 mln vs $140.43 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Within the overall top line, net sales of the company's international businesses rose ~24% compared to the third quarter of 2018, while domestic sales were flat. This change in top line performance, coupled with lower factory absorption, higher operating expenses arising largely from acquisitions, and other factors, will adversely affect net income for the period. Thus, management expects that quarterly earnings per share are likely to be less than half of the [$0.23] consensus estimate and will provide conclusive data on that subject in its next earnings release."Focusing on full year 2019 results, we expect consolidated sales to increase by about 6% year-over-year with mixed performance among our major markets. International sales should increase by about 27% for the full year. However, our domestic sales will likely decrease by about 5% on a per annum basis, which we believe is consistent with industry-wide forecasts showing domestic markets receding by 6% to 12%. With these considerations in mind, we are revising our full year 2019 net sales forecast downward to ~$480 million [from $500 mln vs. $499 mln consensus]. Other previously forecasted financial metrics relating to 2019 remain unchanged since our last earnings call."16:29LW Lamb Weston forms joint venture with Sociedad Comercial del Plata in Argentina (75.50 -0.34)Lamb Weston has formed a joint venture with Sociedad Comercial del Plata in Argentina to serve the nearly 2-billion-pound South American market. Each partner will own 50% of the new joint venture, Lamb Weston Alimentos Modernos S.A. The JV will sell frozen potato products under the Rapipap and Morixe brands and will operate a manufacturing facility in Munro, Buenos Aires, Argentina with annual capacity of approx. 130 million pounds of finished goods. Terms of the agreement were not disclosed.16:29TW Tradeweb Markets files for 14.8 mln share Class A common stock offering (39.91 0.00)16:25VER VEREIT entered into Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement in connection with Witchko v. Schorsch (9.69 -0.01). On October 4, 2019, the court issued an order granting preliminary approval of the Derivative Stipulation and the settlement set forth therein and, as required thereby, the Company is providing notice to current stockholders of VEREIT.16:25WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 rose 1.0% on Tuesday, as JPMorgan Chase (JPM 119.96, +3.51, +3.0%), UnitedHealth (UNH 238.59, +18.00, +8.2%), and Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 132.84, +2.12, +1.6%) kicked off the third quarter reporting season with better-than-expected earnings results.The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.9%, the Nasdaq Composite gained 1.2%, and the Russell 2000 gained 1.2%.Most of today's advance came in the early going. The S&P 500 opened just 0.3% higher, and it quickly pushed to session highs amid news that the EU and UK are nearing a draft Brexit deal and that General Motors (GM 36.26, +0.76, +2.1%) and the UAW could also reach a deal soon. Although nothing was finalized, the optimism helped solidify a risk-on mindset following today's batch of better-than-feared earnings results.The benchmark index traded around the 3000 level for most of the session, supported by gains in nine of its 11 sectors. The health care sector (+1.8%) provided the leadership, followed by the communication services (+1.6%) and financials (+1.3%) sectors. The consumer staples (-0.4%) and utilities (-0.3%) sectors ended the day lower.Wells Fargo (WFC 50.07, +0.80, +1.6%), Citigroup (C 71.23, +0.99, +1.4%), and Goldman Sachs (GS 206.41, +0.59, +0.3%) each began the day in negative territory after the banks provided mixed results, but a turnaround in shares provided extra support for the early move higher.Elsewhere, the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+2.2%) set a new all-time high on Tuesday. 29 of its 30 components finished higher, with NVIDIA (NVDA 196.37, +9.84, +5.3%) advancing the most after its price target was raised to $250 from $225 at Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.Trade news continued to make headlines, although the muted reaction likely reflected some exhaustion to trade speculation. "People familiar with the matter" told Bloomberg News that China may struggle fulfilling part of its agreement to purchase $50 billion of U.S. agricultural goods unless President Trump lifts retaliatory tariffs.U.S. Treasuries finished near their session lows, leaving yields slightly higher. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.61%, and the 10-yr yield increased two basis points to 1.77%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 98.31. WTI crude declined 1.4%, or $0.76, to $53.55/bbl.Tuesday's economic data was limited to the Empire State Manufacturing Survey for October, which increased to 4.0 (Briefing.com consensus -1.0) from 2.0. On Wednesday, investors will receive Retail Sales for September, Business Inventories for August, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and Net Long-Term TIC Flows for August.Nasdaq Composite +22.8% YTDS&P 500 +19.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.9% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD16:24AMK AssetMark issues September report; platform assets increased to $57.9 bln (25.69 +0.06)Company highlights for the month of September 2019 include:Platform assets of $57.9 bln at the end of September, up 20.9% yr/yr. Net flows were $312 mln in the month of September, down 24.3% yr/yr. AssetMark Trust Company client cash increased 48.3% yr/yr. Number of households increased 23.0% yr/yr to 159,496 at the end of September.16:23RNR RenaissanceRe currently estimates that losses from Q3 catastrophe events will have an estimated net negative impact of ~ $155 million on operations (191.16 -0.44)16:19UAL United Airlines beats by $0.11, reports revs in-line; raises FY19 EPS, in-line (87.88 +0.91)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $4.07 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.11 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $3.96; revenues rose 3.4% year/year to $11.38 bln vs the $11.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. adjusted pre-tax margin +250 bps to 12.1%. Consolidated third quarter passenger revenue per available seat mile (PRASM) increased 1.7 percent year-over-year. Consolidated third quarter CASM, excluding special charges, third party business expenses, fuel and profit sharing, increased 2.1 percent year-over-year. "Thanks to the outstanding efforts of our employees, United extended our streak of expanding pre-tax margin on a quarterly basis. It provides us further confidence to raise our full year 2019 adjusted diluted EPS guidance, putting us ahead of pace to achieve our goal of $11 to $13 in adjusted diluted EPS by the end of 2020," said Oscar Munoz, CEO of United Airlines. "While headwinds affected the sector as a whole this quarter, United's team once again demonstrated a robust ability to overcome adverse cost pressure, managing to continue growing our network while investing in winning our customers' loyalty through smart enhancements to the United experience."Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, raises EPS to $11.25-12.25 from $10.50-12.00, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $11.86 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:18RYTM Rhythm Pharmaceuticals proposes public offering of up to $150 mln shares of common stock (20.89 +0.48)16:16MGM MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln (27.87 -0.10)MGM Resorts International has entered into a definitive agreement to form a joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellagio at $4.25 bln, which represents a purchase price multiple of 17.3x rent.In this "landmark transaction for the gaming and entertainment industry," the JV will acquire the Bellagio real estate and lease it back to a subsidiary of MGM Resorts for initial annual rent of $245 mln. MGM Resorts will receive a 5% equity interest in the joint venture and cash of approx. $4.2 bln. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019, subject to certain closing conditions.Between the Bellagio transaction and the pending Circus Circus sale, the company is expecting to receive gross proceeds of approx. $5 bln and estimated net cash proceeds (including expected transaction costs) of $4.3 bln.16:14PRQR ProQR Therapeutics announces intention to sell $50 mln of common stock in public offering (6.22 -0.08)16:10PRQR ProQR Therapeutics receives Rare Pediatric Disease designation from the FDA for sepofarsen for the treatment of LCA10 (6.22 -0.08)ProQR Therapeutics received Rare Pediatric Disease designation from the FDA for sepofarsen for the treatment of Leber's congenital amaurosis 10 (LCA10), the most common cause of blindness due to genetic disease in children. Sepofarsen (QR-110) is a first-in-class investigational RNA-based oligonucleotide designed to address the underlying cause of LCA10 due to the p.Cys998X mutation in the CEP290 gene16:09FULT Fulton Fincl approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020 (15.88 +0.16)16:08SNBR Sleep Number beats by $0.15, beats on revs, comps +10%; raises lower end of full year EPS guidance; guides revs in-line (46.86 +0.67)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.94 per share, $0.15 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues rose 14.5% year/year to $474.78 mln vs the $462.06 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Same store comps in Q3 were +10%.Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $2.45-2.75 vs. $2.58 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and vs prior guidance of $2.35-2.75; sees FY19 revenue up as much as +10%, which we compute as up as much as $1.68 bln vs. $1.67 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:08AG First Majestic Silver reports Q3 total production was +4% sequentially to 6.6 mln silver equivalent ounces (9.19 -0.25)By the end of the third quarter, total production in 2019 has reached 19.3 million silver equivalent ounces, or approximately 77% of the Company's guidance midpoint of producing 24.4 to 26.0 million ounces.16:07IRBT iRobot files preliminary injunction against SharkNinja ordering company to stop sales of "Shark IQ Robot" (57.77 +2.00)Co announces it filed a motion for a preliminary injunction ordering SharkNinja Operating LLC and its related entities to halt its sales and distribution of its Shark IQ Robot. IRBT filed its motion based on infringement of certain iRobot patents related to the Roomba i7+ robot vacuum with Clean Base Automatic Dirt Disposal. The motion was filed today in the District of Massachusetts, with a hearing date to be scheduled.IRBT also filed a complaint for patent infringement involving three other patents, spanning core iRobot features such as the Roomba i7+ robot's roller technology and modularity.16:07MGM MGM Resorts announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln (27.87 -0.10)Co will sell Circus Circus Las Vegas for $825 million to an affiliate of Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin. For the 12 months ending June 30, 2019, the property reported Adjusted Property EBITDA of $62 million. The $825 million purchase price will comprise $662.5 million paid in cash and a $162.5 million note due 2024. The Company expects to record a third quarter impairment charge of approximately $220 million in connection with this transaction."MGM Resorts has engaged in an exhaustive process to evaluate its owned real estate and remains committed to executing its asset-light strategy in a measured way that maximizes value for its shareholders," said Jim Murren, Chairman and CEO of MGM Resorts. "The Company expects to utilize the proceeds from this transaction to enhance its capital allocation strategy and complement its strategic and operational flexibility."16:04JBHT J.B. Hunt Transport misses by $0.05, reports revs in-line (111.60 +2.02)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.40 per share, $0.05 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.45; revenues rose 6.9% year/year to $2.36 bln vs the $2.34 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Revenue per load increase of 2% in Intermodal (JBI), a 13% increase in revenue producing trucks and an increase of 9% in asset productivity in Dedicated Contract Services (DCS) were partially offset by a 4% decrease in load count in Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS) and a 5% decrease in rates per loaded mile in Truck (JBT). Current quarter total operating revenue, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 9% vs. the comparable quarter 2018. Intermodal volumes were flatAdj. operating income decreased 1% from third quarter 2018 primarily from higher building rental for Final Mile Services network expansion, lower gross margins in ICS, increases in driver wages and recruiting costs, increased rail purchase transportation rates, and increased technology spend on new applications and legacy operating systems.16:02PRNB Principia Biopharma commences public offering of $125 mln of its common stock (29.91 +0.74)16:02X U.S. Steel proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026 (11.43 +0.27)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 16, 2019End of Document

China denies telling National Basketball Association to fire exec over Hong Kong tweetStillman Advance: Stillman CollegeOctober 18, 2019 FridayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS; Pg. 1Length: 538 wordsByline: Sidney GuerreroBodyThe since-deleted social media post set off a geopolitical firestorm and immediately jeopardized the NBA's lucrative business deals in China.When asked about the tweet, the Los Angeles Lakers star said: "Yes, we do have freedom of speech, but at times there are ramifications for the negative that can happen when you are not thinking about others and only thinking about yourself". "There's no chance we'll even discipline him".After fans utterly dragged LeBron James for his seemingly pro-China/anti-Hong Kong democracy comments, we've EXCLUSIVELY learned that King James really wants this scandal to 'go away'.Silver's statement angered Chinese government officials and the NBA's sponsors in the country, almost all of which suspended ties with the league over its defense of Morey."The losses have already been substantial", Silver said."Our games are not back on the air in China as we speak, and we'll see what happens next", he told Time magazine's Time 100 Health Summit in NY. "The financial consequences have been and may continue to be fairly dramatic".Seconds later, the meat-loving Eric said that students trying to change his lunch "don't realise it harms people financially, physically, emotionally, and spiritually".'Ozil is important for us' - Emery responds to Arsenal scapegoat claimMore recently things have been hard and a lot has changed, but I'm proud to be an Arsenal player, a fan and I'm happy here. The World Cup victor has only started one Premier League game and made one other appearance in the Carabao Cup.The NBA's initial statement last week used the word "regrettable", which Silver emphasized was describing the reaction of Chinese government officials, business executives and NBA fans in China - not the content of Morey's tweet itself.The league and some of its players, includingLeBron James, seemed to side with China over Morey and the protesters.I think it is quite interesting that China is labeling such a remark as being a "requirement" and that it is the foreign ministry that is responding to the matter. That sparked a fallout that completely overshadowed the league's annual trip to China and has forced the National Basketball Association to walk a fine line between issuing an apology while saying its players and employees have the right to freedom of expression."These American values - we are an American business - travel with us wherever we go"."We're in the middle of negotiating a trade agreement", Silver continued. "I thought we hadn't so-called acquiesced to the Chinese". "Many multinational corporations do trade extensively with China". Marc Stein, lead basketball writer for the The New York Times, notes that the incident is expected to cost the Rockets $25 million in sponsorship revenue this season, with leaguewide worst-case scenarios that could reduce the money available to teams to spend on player salaries by 15 percent next year, along with risks to a broad range of player endorsements."I felt we had made enormous progress in terms of building cultural exchanges with the Chinese people", Silver said. James, who has a lifetime contract with sports apparel company Nike, also has much to gain, or lose, with the NBA's popularity in the East Asian country.Load-Date: October 18, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 16, 2019 Wednesday 4:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 21202 wordsBodyHourly In Play (R)Updated: 16-Oct-19 16:00 ET15:45SCANX Large cap notable movers of interest -- Workday (WDAY) leads software stocks lower following Analyst Day -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable large cap movers of interest ($10 bln - $200 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Large Cap GainersMCK (144.8 +4.8%): Outperforms following a WSJ report suggesting that it and peers AmerisourceBergen (ABC) and Cardinal Health (CAH) are in talks regarding a collective $18 bln settlement agreement for opioid crisis litigation.AMX (15.78 +4.09%): Reaches its highest level in almost six months after reporting Q3 results. Revs increased +0.2% yr/yr to 248 bln pesos notwithstanding currency depreciation. Co added 1.6 mln postpaid subscribers in the quarter, including 928K in Brazil, 215K in Mexico, and 159K in Austria; co ended September with 278.7 mln wireless subscribers. Net profit was 13.0 bln pesos. During its earnings call, co, asked about market consolidation in Brazil, noted that it is "open to discuss something" with Oi S.A.JBHT (115.56 +3.55%): Reported Q3 results; co missed consensus for EPS on revs that rose +6.9% yr/yr to $2.36 bln, about in-line with consensus. Revenue increased +2% yr/yr in co's intermodal segment to $1.24 bln, which represented 52% of co's total revenue, on approximately flat overall volumes vs the prior year. Dedicated Contract Services revs increased +28% yr/yr to $696 mln on a productivity increase of approx. +9% yr/yr. Reached new 52-week highs.Large Cap LosersWDAY (159.32 -11.96%): Underperforms following its Analyst Day; co reaffirmed certain FY20 guidance metrics in the presentation. Other subjects under discussion included product introductions; evolution to co's growth formula, involving mix shift moving away from HCM sales; and some mention of deals being pushed out into further quarters. Among various analyst responses to the event, RBC cut co's price target to $212 from $225. Drops to nine-month lows. NOW (253.22 -7.67%): Downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley, which also raised co's target to $267 from $250. OKTA (107.1 -7.56%): Software sector lags. (Related: DDOG, SPLK...)15:36SUMRX Earnings out this afternoon/tomorrow morningThis afternoon: AA CATY CCI CCK CNS CSX EGBN IBM KMI LLNW NFLX SLG STLD TBK TCBI UMPQ URI WTFC Tomorrow Morning: BBT BMI DOV ERIC EWBC FNB GPC GTLS HOMB HON IIIN KEY MDSO MS MTB PM POOL PPG SASR SBNY SNA SON STI TSM TXT UNP WNS WSO15:29NBEV New Age Beverages pares gains after announcing the return of Nestea Instant Sweet Tea Mix (2.99 +0.25)Tweet15:09STLD Steel Dynamics: Earnings Preview -- Should set the tone for what to expect from Nucor next week (28.91 -1.17)Steel Dynamics (STLD), a major steel producer, is set to report Q3 results today after the close (STLD usually reports very late, like 6pm ET, two hours after the close) with a call tomorrow at 10am ET. STLD's results should set expectations in terms of what to expect from Nucor (NUE) when it reports next week (Oct 22 before the open).The street is looking for Q3 EPS of $0.69 and revenue of $2.67 bln. On September 17, STLD guided below consensus for Q3 EPS at $0.66-0.70 vs consensus of $0.72 at the time. It was not a total surprise as its main rival Nucor had guided lower the day before that. Then US Steel (X) guided lower soon after although it later upped those estimates. From a broader sense, it's shaping up to be a rough Q3 earnings season for the US steel producers. The steel industry has been hurt by a combination of problems: 1) The tariffs caused US producers to increase production; 2) Steel customers (mostly service centers) rushed to build supply ahead of the tariffs before prices increased and 3) service centers have been working through their large inventories rather than buying new steel (also known as inventory destocking). There were some positive comments from steel producers in July on the Q2 calls that indicated conditions were improving. NUE said that it was cautiously optimistic that pricing had bottomed for most products. STLD agreed with NUE that destocking was coming to an end. US Steel said it was seeing a pickup in order entry rates and was beginning to see signs of a rebound. Well, now it turns out these comments were premature as the market seems like it's weakening again. Earlier this year, X had idled two blast furnaces in the US and one in Europe. That was a huge deal as these blast furnaces are not easy to turn on and off, it's a big process. The hope was that recovering demand in 2H19 would cause X to fire up these blast furnaces again, but now it sounds like all three with remain idled through at least year-end. Bottom line, we think investors are going to be less interested in the hard EPS and revenue numbers. What they really want is some positive directional commentary from these steel producers that the market is showing signs of stabilizing and ideally that 2020 is going to see some improvement. Names to watch include steel producers (AKS, CMC, GGB, MT, NUE, PKX, SCHN, X) and steel processors (ROCK, RS, RYI, WOR, ZEUS).15:07BONDX Treasury Market SummaryShorter Tenors Outperform on WednesdayShorter-dated U.S. Treasuries reclaimed their losses from Tuesday while longer tenors underperformed throughout the session. Treasuries got off to a higher start after the Chinese government warned overnight that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act passed the House last evening and it is expected to clear the Senate with ease. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman, Jim Risch, called on the Senate to act quickly earlier today, according to Reuters. Treasuries extended their starting gains after the release of a weaker than expected Retail Sales report for September was coupled with an upward revision to the reading from August. The early advance found resistance in short order, which allowed for some backpedaling into mid-morning trade. However, the pullback was halted shortly after the 30-yr bond dipped beneath yesterday's low. The long bond reclaimed its flat line right before the close while shorter tenors finished near their best levels of the session. The U.S. Dollar Index slid 0.3% to 98.00, pausing just above its September low. Yield Check: 2-yr: -2 bps to 1.59% 3-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 5-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 10-yr: -2 bps to 1.75% 30-yr: UNCH at 2.23%News: The Federal Reserve resumed permanent open market operations today, as part of a plan to purchase $60 bln worth of Treasury bills per month. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, told EU ambassadors that the two sides have moved closer to a deal, which has yet to be finalized. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike. Eurozone's August trade surplus totaled EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI increased 0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%), rising +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). U.K.'s September CPI ticked up 0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%), rising 1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). Italy's August Industrial New Orders increased 1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%) while August Industrial Sales decreased 0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%). September CPI decreased 0.6% m/m (last -0.5%) but was up 0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%). Today's Data: Total retail sales declined 0.3% month-over-month (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%) in September following an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after increasing an upwardly revised 0.2% (from 0.0%) in August. The upward revisions for August cushioned some of the headline blow, yet the key takeaway from the report is that it highlights some relatively conservative consumer spending activity in September that will feed into the slowdown narrative building for the U.S. economy. Total business inventories were unchanged month-over-month in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after a downwardly revised 0.3% increase (from 0.4%) in July. Total business sales were up 0.2% following a downwardly revised 0.2% increase (from 0.3%) in July. The key takeaway from the report is that the gap between inventory growth on a yr/yr basis (+4.2%) and sales growth (+1.1%) remains, which should help keep prices in check. The weekly MBA Mortgage Index increased 0.5% to follow last week's 5.4% increase. The Purchase Index decreased 0.6% while the Refinance Index increased 3.6%. The NAHB Housing Market Index increased to 71 in October from 68 in September. The Federal Reserve's Beige Book for October noted that overall economic activity increased at a "slight to modest pace" during the survey period but with variations seen across the country. Overall household spending was described as "solid" while tourism and travel-related spending increased modestly. The report noted that most contacts expected continued economic expansion, but at a slower pace. Commodities: WTI crude: +1.1% to $53.36/bbl Gold: +0.7% to $1494.30/ozt Copper: -1.0% to $2.589/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: +0.4% to 1.1073 GBP/USD: +0.6% to 1.2838 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1005 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.75 The Day Ahead: 8:30 ET: September Housing Starts (Briefing.com consensus 1.306 mln; prior 1.364 mln), September Building Permits (Briefing.com consensus 1.350 mln; prior 1.419 mln), weekly Initial Claims (Briefing.com consensus 215,000; prior 210,000), Continuing Claims (prior 1.684 mln), and October Philadelphia Fed Survey (Briefing.com consensus 6.0; prior 12.0) 9:15 ET: September Industrial Production (Briefing.com consensus -0.3%; prior 0.6%) and Capacity Utilization (Briefing.com consensus 77.7%; prior 77.9%) 10:30 ET: Weekly natural gas inventories (prior +98 bcf) 11:00 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +2.7 mln)14:59SCANX Mid cap notable movers of interest -- Tech Data (TECD) spikes higher on rumors of buyout interest -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable mid cap movers of interest ($2 bln - $10 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Mid Cap GainersTECD (126 +13.17%): A Reuters report indicated that co has received a takeover bid from Apollo (APO) amounting to approx. $130/share in cash. Moves to new highs. RETA (169.4 +7.27%): Continued strength. Hearing price target raised at Stifel. Extends to new all-time highs. CUB (73.14 +5.97%): Reaches 52-week highs on more than 2x average volume. In recent press, co announced that an officer from its Cubic Transportation Systems business division will present on the importance of collaboration within the ITS industry at the ITS (UK) Summit tomorrow. Co has also appeared at the AUSA 2019 Annual Meeting & Exposition this week and also this week announced that it has signed an agreement with Google to integrate contactless transit cards with Google Pay for Android phones.Mid Cap LosersCOUP (139.49 -9.83%): Cloud software stocks lag notably, following Workday (WDAY) lower after that company's Analyst Day presentation and responding to Morgan Stanley lowering its price targets for a set of sector names. (Related: APPN, AYX, PLAN...)WK (41.5 -8.18%): Price target lowered to $42 from $46 at Morgan Stanley; software sector underperforms.NTRA (36.5 -6.94%): Launched a proposed follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock. The stock pulls back after reaching a new all-time high yesterday.14:47PSXP Phillips 66 Partners increases quarterly cash distribution to $0.865/unit from $0.855/unit (55.64 -0.60)14:32COMDX Energy Settlement PricesNov Crude Oil futures rose $0.19 (0.36%) to $53.42/barrel Nov Natural Gas $0.02 lower (-0.85%) at $2.32/MMBtu Nov RBOB Gasoline settled $0.01 higher (0.62%) at $1.63/gallon Nov Heating oil futures settled $0.02 higher (1.05%) at $1.93/gallon14:07NFLX Netflix will report third quarter results this afternoon (282.22 -2.03)Netflix (NFLX) will report third quarter results in a Letter to Shareholders on its website soon after the bell. The earnings interview with management including Chief Executive Reed Hastings starts at 18:00 ET.Netflix has guided for third quarter EPS of $1.04 (vs. $0.89 last year) with an operating margin of 15.9% (+390 basis points yr/yr) and revenue up 31% to $5.25 bln. Estimates are in-line with guidance.Netflix also guided for 7 mln global paid net subscriber additions (6.2 mln international and 800,000 in a saturated US market) vs. a 6.07 mln increase in the third quarter of 2018, which would result in subs growing 22% yr/yr to 158.6 mln.Analysts expect the company to guide for a 9.5 mln increase in subs for the fourth quarter versus an 8.8 mln increase in the fourth quarter last year.The stock got crushed after Netflix missed second quarter subscriber guidance by a wide margin (2.7 mln vs. 5 mln) in July. Netflix said subscribers were soft in all regions, but more so in regions with price recent increases. The company noted that its content slate (releases) during the quarter led to the disappointing result, noting that third quarter subscriber additions are off to a strong start following the release of the third season of Stranger Things. Netflix also cited some pull-forward of demand following a strong first quarter result.Subs actually fell by 130,000 versus guidance for a 300,00 increase in the U.S. The U.S. market is saturated and accounts for most of the company's earnings, but will see a ton of competition hit the market over the next six months. Subs grew by 2.83 mln internationally versus 4.7 mln guidance.Netflix has historically missed second quarter sub projections due to seasonality and a weak content slate, only to bounce back in subsequent quarters.A strong third quarter and fourth quarter sub guidance will likely lead to a higher stock tomorrow, but it is unlikely to assuage concerns over competition.Netflix stock has continued to struggle since the weak second quarter amid concerns over competition. The streaming video on demand (SVOD) space will get really crowded with new offerings from from Disney+ (DIS), Apple TV+ (AAPL), HBO Max (T) and NBCU's Peacock (CMCSA) over the next six months.Netflix has a ~$124 bln market cap and trades at ~34x forward EBITDA estimates, ~60x EPS estimates and ~6x revenue. The sales multiple represents the low end of its historical range as investors question the competitive strength of the streaming leader. Netflix has become ubiquitous with its massive subscriber base over 155 mln that has essentially supplanted the traditional cable bundle for younger audiences, but consumers who can cancel their Netflix subscription at anytime will soon have tons of options for streaming shows and movies. The options market implies a ~10% move in the stock by Friday.14:02ECONX Beige Book points to slight to modest growth, down from modest growth in the September 4th report14:00ECONX Fed releases Beige BookThe U.S. economy expanded at a slight to modest pace since the prior report as business activity varied across the country. Reports from Districts representing states in the southern and western U.S. generally were more upbeat than Districts representing the Midwest and Great Plains. Household spending was solid on balance: nonauto retail sales increased modestly, while light vehicle sales were generally robust. Tourism and travel-related spending was up modestly. Housing market conditions changed little. On the business spending side, nonresidential construction increased at a slightly slower yet still modest pace, while leasing activity advanced at a slow but steady rate. Manufacturing activity continued to edge lower. Contacts in some Districts suggested that persistent trade tensions and slower global growth weighed on activity. The early impact of a recent auto strike was limited. Freight shipments stabilized after falling during the previous reporting period. Bankers in many Districts reported moderately rising loan volumes, while activity in nonfinancial services increased solidly. Agricultural conditions deteriorated further due to the ongoing impacts of adverse weather, weak commodity prices, and trade disruptions. Business contacts mostly expect the economic expansion to continue; however, many lowered their outlooks for growth in the coming 6 to 12 months.Beige Book13:58OPTNX Unusual Options ActivityThe following options are exhibiting notable trading, potentially indicating changing sentiment toward the underlying stocks, and/or potentially representing positioning for increased volatility.Bullish Call Activity:SIG Jan20 22.5 calls are seeing interest with 17960 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. Two large transactions traded more than 17,000 contracts. Co is expected to report quarterly results in early December.IP Oct 42.5 calls are seeing interest with 14990 contracts trading vs. open int of 40. The underlying stock spiked higher by more than 2% earlier in the session. Co will report quarterly earnings before the open on October 31.AJRD Nov 55 calls are seeing interest with 10400 contracts trading vs. open int of 10. The stock trades higher by 2%. Co is expected to release quarterly earnings in late October.BCS Oct 9 calls are seeing interest with 5100 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. One transaction traded 2,000 contracts. The stock has seen volatility this week in conjunction with headlines pertaining to potential Brexit deal-making. Co is expected to appear at the Money 20/20 2019 conference in late October.Bearish Put Activity:IRM Nov 30 puts are seeing interest with 1560 contracts trading vs. open int of 320. Co will issue its third quarter results before the open on October 31.IRBT Nov 65 puts are seeing interest with 2020 contracts trading vs. open int of 0. Close to 1,500 contracts traded in a single transaction. Co last night announced that it has filed a preliminary injunction against SharkNinja pertaining to patent infringement. Co is scheduled to report quarterly earnings after the close on October 22.Sentiment: The CBOE Put/Call ratio is currently: 1.01. VIX: (13.90, +0.36, +2.66%).October 18 is options expiration -- the last day to trade October equity options.*Please use the Talk to Us link at the top of the page to provide feedback on this comment as well as the OPTNX comments.13:49AA Alcoa Earnings Preview -- Investors are hoping for signs of a recovery in 2020 (19.38 -0.08)Alcoa (AA), a major aluminum producer, is set to report Q3 results today after the close with a call at 5pm ET. Last quarter, Alcoa reported at 16:10 ET, or 10 minutes after the close, so it should be around then.The street is looking for a Q3 loss of $(0.29) per share and revenue of $2.58 bln. Consensus for Adjusted EBITDA is approximately $369 mln for Q3 and for the full year consensus is at $1.68 bln. What's notable to us is that Alcoa has provided a full year Adjusted EBITDA outlook in the past. However, due to unprecedented market volatility, Alcoa has decided not to provide the guidance. While not providing specific Q3 guidance, Alcoa has said it expects benefits from higher volumes and lower costs for raw materials and maintenance in the Alumina and Bauxite segments. In the Aluminum segment, Alcoa expects improvements primarily from lower alumina costs. With the stock price having been cut in half over the past year, it's no secret that the aluminum market is struggling, driven by lower demand in both China and the world ex-China due to trade tensions and macro headwinds. The silver lining is that aluminum inventories continue to decline and are expected by year's end to reach levels not seen in more than a decade, since before the financial crisis in 2008. Nevertheless, Alcoa keeps lowering its aluminum demand outlook for 2019. It's now down to +1.25-2.25%, down from prior guidance of +2-3%, which had been lowered from +3-4%, predominantly due to lower demand growth in China and trade tensions generally. Alcoa has described a frustrating trend. Basically, there has been a consistent decline in global inventories over the last decade. However, aluminum prices have remained stubbornly unreactive thus far due to the volume of Chinese aluminum exports hitting the global market. On a final note, we mentioned the stock has been roughly cut in half over the past year as sluggish aluminum prices weigh on Alcoa. The good news is that the stock has somewhat stabilized since early June, which is hopefully an indication a lot of the negativity is already priced in. Investors will want to hear Alcoa's outlook for 2020 as hopefully there are early signs of improvement.13:38COMDX Metals Settlement PricesDec gold settled today's session up $9.50 (0.64%) at $1492.6/oz Dec silver settled today's session $0.03 higher (0.17%) at $17.42/oz Dec copper settled $0.02 lower (0.77%) at $2.59/lb13:13SCANX Today's most active stocks -Technical-The following are today's most active stocks ranked by volume and relative volume, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 volume Healthcare: TEVA (29.02 mln +3.08%), ENDP (14.98 mln +22.64%), MNK (11.56 mln +6.25%), ACB (10.98 mln -1.73%)Materials: X (15.33 mln -4.99%), VALE (10.66 mln -1.62%)Industrials: GE (22.9 mln +0.9%)Consumer Discretionary: NIO (28.16 mln -6.77%), ROKU (15.46 mln -0.01%), F (12.83 mln +0.66%)Information Technology: AMD (27.31 mln +1.14%), NOK (12.58 mln +1.6%), MSFT (11.07 mln -1.15%), AAPL (10.94 mln -0.7%)Financials: BAC (54.04 mln +2%), QQQ (11.19 mln -0.41%), WFC (10.22 mln -1.07%)Energy: CHK (33.16 mln -1.49%), MDR (10.65 mln +14.55%)Today's top relative volume (current volume to 1-month average daily volume) Healthcare: RYTM (6.14x +1.68%), ASMB (5.77x +29.19%), PRQR (5.76x +3.22%), RETA (2.72x +5.31%), ATNX (2.15x -8.61%), AUPH (1.89x +7.82%)Industrials: CUB (2.41x +7.22%), AJRD (1.93x +2.25%)Consumer Discretionary: SNBR (3.32x -1.56%), FCAU (2.28x +1.05%)Information Technology: TECD (3.83x +13.98%), WDAY (3.59x -12.55%), PAGS (2.58x -2.64%)Financials: ESGD (12.09x +0.08%), NHF (5.3x -1.97%), RBS (2.21x +1.55%), EIM (2.12x +0.23%)Consumer Staples: NBEV (2.49x +19.71%)Utilities: NGG (2.02x +0.45%)13:11SCANX Today's biggest % gainers/losers -Technical-The following are today's top 20 percentage gainers and top 20 percentage losers, categorized by sectors (over $300 mln market cap and 100K average daily volume).Today's top 20 % gainers Healthcare: ASMB (12.02 +29.19%), ENDP (4.28 +22.64%), INO (2.45 +9.15%), AUPH (5.04 +7.82%), UBX (7.32 +6.86%), IMMU (15.35 +6.67%), MNK (2.21 +6.25%)Materials: AG (9.76 +6.15%), SBGL (6.58 +5.96%)Industrials: CUB (74 +7.22%), GVA (35.05 +7.14%)Consumer Discretionary: TEN (12.94 +7.97%), TLRD (4.39 +5.88%)Information Technology: TECD (126.9 +13.98%), FIT (3.8 +10.14%)Energy: MDR (2.52 +14.55%), SPN (0.52 +14.26%), REI (1.61 +7.33%), NBR (1.86 +6.9%)Consumer Staples: NBEV (3.28 +19.71%)Today's top 20 % losers Healthcare: VRAY (2.55 -11.01%), NTRA (35.82 -8.67%), ATNX (10.14 -8.61%), APHA (5.03 -7.33%)Materials: RYAM (4.23 -10%), TMST (5.33 -7.63%)Consumer Discretionary: ASNA (0.47 -6.9%), NIO (1.45 -6.77%)Information Technology: WDAY (158.25 -12.55%), COUP (140.74 -9.02%), APPN (45.93 -8.74%), NOW (251.17 -8.41%), AVLR (68.26 -8.05%), MDB (124.15 -7.97%), PLAN (43.99 -7.95%), AYX (103.5 -7.78%), WK (41.72 -7.68%), SPLK (112.36 -6.25%), DQ (40.8 -6.23%)Consumer Staples: RAD (8.6 -6.68%)13:10PDCO Patterson Companies responds to Administrative Law Judge recommendation, does not anticipate that this matter will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations (17.40 +0.08)12:59TSM Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing to report overnight (50.76 +0.37)Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 50.76, +0.37, +0.7%) will report its Q3 results overnight, followed by management's conference call tomorrow at 2:00 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects the contract chip manufacturer to report a 7.9% yr/yr increase in EPS to TWD3.71 on a 9.8% yr/yr increase in revenue to TWD285.80 bln. TSM has had a very good showing since the release of its Q2 results on July 18. The stock has surged 22% since then, having climbed nearly 15% over the past month. The semiconductor industry has not fully recovered from the sharp slowdown at the end of 2018, but TSM has been able to withstand that weakness due in part to its size as well as expectations for an imminent rebound in activity. Most recently, shares received a boost from reports of stronger than expected sales of the iPhone 11, which imply increased production of components. TSM reportedly expects that global shipments of 5G smartphones will reach 300 mln units in 2020. Last quarter, the company reported a slight decrease in inventory, which reached a record during Q1. Additional progress on inventory reduction would go a long way toward justifying the recent rally.Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing trades at 20.9x forward earnings expectations.12:58WRAPX Midday Market Summary: Stocks trade mixed; investors weigh macro, earnings newsThe stock market currently trades mixed, as it balances positive reactions to earnings reports with negative macro news. The S&P 500 (-0.2%), Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.1%), and Nasdaq Composite (-0.4%) are down modestly, while the Russell 2000 (+0.3%) trades higher.Earnings season began in earnest yesterday to a good start, and results today have continued to come in mostly better than expected. Notable earnings gainers include Bank of America (BAC 30.34, +0.61, +2.0%), United Airlines (UAL 90.09, +2.21, +2.5%), and J.B. Hunt Transport Services (JBHT 116.90, +5.30, +4.8%). It should be noted that expectations were not high.Unlike yesterday, though, when each of the major averages rose about 1% apiece, the results today have not been enough to stir conviction in the market. Six of the 11 S&P 500 sectors are within 0.3% of their flat lines, while software stocks drag on the information technology sector (-0.9%). The lightly-weighted materials sector (+0.7%) outperforms.The lack of enthusiasm might be stemming from an unexpected 0.3% m/m decline in retail sales for September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), a contention from Chicago Fed President Evans (FOMC voter) that no more rate cuts are needed this year, and some negative-sounding news on the Brexit and U.S.-China fronts.Reportedly, there are still some hurdles in reaching a Brexit deal by Oct. 31 while China has threatened unspecified countermeasures against the U.S. if the Senate passes a bill that supports protesters in Hong Kong. China's response came after the U.S. House of Representatives approved those measures yesterday, and the situation could complicate China's willingness to commit to the first phase of the trade deal with the U.S.There's been news of other possible deals, too. General Motors (GM 36.99, +0.71, +2.0%) and the UAW reached a tentative deal to end the monthlong strike. The Wall Street Journal reported that McKesson (MCK 146.53, +8.36, +6.0%), Cardinal Health (CAH 49.75, +1.86, +3.9%) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC 87.14, +3.94, +4.7%) are in talks to settle opioid litigation for $18 billion.Reviewing today's batch of economic data, which featured Retail Sales for September:Total retail sales declined 0.3% month-over-month in September (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%) following an upwardly revised 0.6% increase (from +0.4%) in August. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after increasing an upwardly revised 0.2% (from 0.0%) in August.The upward revisions for August cushioned some of the headline blow, yet the key takeaway from the report is that it highlights some relatively conservative consumer spending activity in September that will feed into the slowdown narrative building for the U.S. economy.Total business inventories were unchanged month-over-month in August (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%) after a downwardly revised 0.3% increase (from 0.4%) in July. Total business sales were up 0.2% following a downwardly revised 0.2% increase (from 0.3%) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that the gap between inventory growth on a yr/yr basis (+4.2%) and sales growth (+1.1%) remains, which should help keep prices in check.The NAHB Housing Market Index for October increased to 71 from 68 in September.The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index ticked up 0.5% following a 5.4% increase in the prior week.12:42EXC Exelon underperforming after sudden retirement of CEO of Exelon Utilities unit amid federal into lobbying activities (45.87 -1.19)Last night, the company announced that it has appointed Calvin G. Butler Jr., CEO of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company ("BGE"), as Interim CEO of Exelon Utilities, effective immediately. This appointment follows the retirement of Anne Pramaggiore, Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Exelon Utilities, which is also effective immediately. Mr. Butler will continue to serve as CEO of BGE. The CEOs of Exelon's other utilities -- Joseph Dominguez, CEO of ComEd, Michael A. Innocenzo, CEO of PECO, and David M. Velazquez, CEO of Pepco Holdings -- will report to Mr. Butler. In addition, Exelon Utility CEO staff heads Val Jensen, Carim Khouzami and Mike Kormos will also report to Mr. Butler moving forward. Earlier this month, the company disclosed that it received a second grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois that requires production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities, including Illinois State Senator Martin Sandoval:As previously disclosed, Exelon Corporation and Commonwealth Edison Company (the "Companies") received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois, which required production of information concerning lobbying activities in the State of Illinois. On October 4, 2019, the Companies received a second grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois that requires production of records of any communications with certain individuals and entities, including Illinois State Senator Martin Sandoval. "The Companies have cooperated fully with the U.S. Attorney and intend to continue to cooperate fully and expeditiously with any government requests or inquiries. On June 21, 2019, the Exelon Corporation Board formed a Special Oversight Committee, consisting solely of independent directors, to oversee the Companies' cooperation and compliance with the subpoena, any further action taken by the U.S. Attorney and any resulting actions that may be required or recommended. The Special Oversight Committee has engaged independent outside counsel to advise and assist the Committee."According to The Chicago Tribune, Pramaggiore is reportedly a focus of the ongoing federal probe.Following the developments, Mizuho (Neutral rated) lowered their price target from $49 to $47 and cautioned that "[p]otential grand jury indictments of Exelon lobbyists in the Madigan/Sandoval investigations could derail attempts by the company to obtain passage of legislation in Illinois next year."12:07COMM Commscope: German Federal Patent Court has issued decisions upholding the validity of important CommScope patents that had been challenged by a competitor, COMLAB (11.51 +0.18)At an October 9 oral hearing, the German Federal Patent Court rejected challenges by COMLAB regarding the validity of the German part of European Patent EP1022849B1 (Action No. 5 Ni 6/17 (EP)) owned by CommScope's affiliate Andrew Wireless Systems. The Federal Patent Court already upheld the German part of European Patent EP2180605B1 in a decision dated March 27, 2019 (Action No. 6 Ni 23/17 (EP)). COMLAB filed appeal against the Federal Patent Court's decision that is now pending before the Federal Supreme Court (X ZR 84/19) and can appeal the most recent decision.12:03IBM IBM Q3 Earnings Preview; All eyes on Red Hat follow through (141.78 -1.22)Information technology giant IBM is slated to release Q3 results tonight after the bell with a conference call scheduled to begin at 5 p.m. ET.The Capital IQ Consensus Estimate for IBM's Q3 EPS stands at $2.66 (vs $3.42 a year ago) on revenue declines of 2.5% to $18.29 bln.This quarter may be a tricky one to judge based on the incoming accounting of the Red Hat deal (closed last quarter).At the company's August 2 Red Hat update event, management outlined guidance for 2020-2021:Revenue growth of MSD at constant currency; Operating pre-tax income growth of HSD; FCF >100% realization; a leverage ratio consistent with mid-to-high single A range.Management also updated 2019 operating EPS guidance for at least $12.80 (vs. at least $13.90 as standalone).What's more, the company sees the Red Hat deal as accretive to operating EPS by the end of year two.One of the questions investors are hankering to get an answer to is: has management righted the ship? Recall that last quarter IBM's largest segment by sales, Global Technology Services, reported a 6.7% decline to $6.8 bln. Obviously, the segment is a focal point purely based on size alone, but the troubles weren't just last quarter. In Q1 the GTS segment saw revenue declines of 7%.IBM steps into the Q3 report with a $126 bln market capitalization and trades at about 11.5x forward earnings estimates.12:03SCANX Small cap notable movers of interest -- Achillion Pharma (ACHN) rises on all-cash acquisition deal -Technical-The following are some of today's most notable small cap movers of interest ($300 mln - $2 bln market cap), ranked by % change (all stocks over 100K average daily volume).Small Cap GainersACHN (6.25 +71.23%): To be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for an all-cash initial consideration of approx. $930 mln, or $6.30/share; potential additional contingent considerations, which hinge on clinical and regulatory developments such as FDA approval of danicopan and ACH-5228 Phase 3 initiation, could elevate the amount payable to co's shareholders to $8.30/share. Alexion looks forward to applying its "development expertise" to co's oral Factor D inhibitors in an endeavor to unlock the approach's potential and deliver benefits to patients. The stock moves to its highest levels in almost three years. ENDP (4.22 +20.91%): Touched up to three-month highs on higher than average volume; drug manufacturers generally outperform today in concert with reports that various sector names (JNJ, ABC, MCK, CAH, TEVA...) have made proposals regarding or are in talks concerning settlement of opioid litigation. AUPH (5.13 +9.85%): Continued strength; co today reported that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study of voclosporin; efficacy and safety results from the study remain on-track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter, and co anticipates that disclosure of the results will be "followed by the necessary preparations to submit an NDA for voclosporin during the first half of 2020." The AURORA II continuation study is also reportedly progressing as planned.Small Cap LosersAPHA (4.99 -8.1%): After moving higher by circa 25% yesterday following its Q1 earnings report. The cannabis sector generally cools off. ATNX (10.17 -8.3%): Drops to new five-month lows on higher than average volume. The stock has now moved lower by circa 16% month-to-date and trades lower by more than 50% from its July highs. NIO (1.46 -5.81%): Declines on moderately high volume; items of interest for co and the EV space this week have included Chinese new energy vehicle sales results for September and rumors from a reporting source in China that co was in talks regarding a factory investment.12:02PS Pluralsight (+2.7%) bucking weakness among software stocks after hiring former Salesforce (CRM) CIO, and then EVP of N.A. sales Ross Meyercord as Chief Revenue Officer (16.97 +0.46)The stock is down more than 40% since missing billings estimates and guiding down third quarter revenue, citing sales execution issues.11:44CSX CSX to report this evening (68.90 -0.27)Rail carriers CSX (CSX 68.90, -0.27, -0.4%) and Union-Pacific (UNP 163.73, +0.59, +0.4%) will report their Q3 results between today's closing bell and tomorrow's open. CSX will report this evening, followed by management's conference call at 16:30 ET, while Union-Pacific's report will be released tomorrow morning, followed by a conference call at 8:45 ET.The Capital IQ consensus expects CSX to report a 2.9% yr/yr decrease in EPS to $1.02 on a 4.7% yr/yr decrease in revenue to $2.98 bln. The Capital IQ consensus expects Union-Pacific to report a 7.4% yr/yr increase in EPS to $2.31 on a 4.7% yr/yr decrease in revenue to $5.65 bln. Both rail carriers are among the 20 stocks that make up the Dow Jones Transportation Average. Another DJTA component, J.B. Hunt Transportation Services (JBHT 114.99, +3.39, +3.0%) reported weaker than expected Q3 EPS yesterday, coupled with slightly better than expected revenue. CSX trades about 15% below its record high from May while UNP is about 10% below its own record from August. Like JBHT, CSX and UNP are likely to lament the current operating environment, considering weekly Rail Traffic reports from the Association of American Railroads have consistently pointed to yr/yr declines in traffic between 5% and 10%. September saw yr/yr carload decreases in 14 out of 20 commodity categories after 12 out of 20 commodity categories showed yr/yr declines in August. CSX was downgraded to Neutral at JPMorgan on October 4 while UNP was upgraded to Overweight at Atlantic Equities. UNP CFO reaffirmed the company's guidance for FY19 operating ratio below 61% on September 4. The CFO did note that the company now expects volume in the second half of 2019 to decline in the mid-single digits while previous guidance called for a decrease of about 2%.CSX trades at 15.8x forward earnings expectations while UNP trades at 16.9x forward estimates.11:38SCANX Stocks/ETFs that traded to new 52 week highs/lows this session - New highs (49) outpacing new lows (14) -Technical-Stocks that traded to 52 week highs: ACHN, ACM, ARNC, ASC, ATKR, BHE, BLD, BLDR, BMCH, BZH, CASH, CBPO, CCS, CELG, CHTR, CNS, DE, DEA, DLTR, DOCU, IBP, INFO, INXN, IRT, JBL, KBH, KN, KOD, KSU, LBRDK, LEN, LGIH, MAS, MDC, MTH, MTZ, NFBK, ODFL, PHM, RETA, SHW, SNX, TECD, TMCX, TMHC, TPH, VICI, WD, WMSStocks that traded to 52 week lows: DERM, DT, FLDM, GTYH, HEP, ICUI, LBRT, LNDC, PRQR, RVLV, SSTI, TACO, TEUM, XOGThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week highs on High Volume: DCOM, PDFSThinly-Traded Stocks (ADV below 100k) that traded to 52 week lows on High Volume: BSTC, FULC, NGVC, NPK, RMNIETFs that traded to 52 week highs: EWT, ITB, PALL, PSK, XHB11:35Events and Conferences TomorrowImage Sensors Auto Americas 2019 (Oct 17-18)Scheduled to appear: INFO, XLNX, LYFT, SNEPMA Fresh Summit Conference & Expo 2019 (Oct 17-19)Scheduled to appear: AGFSAmong company updates: Sanderson Farms (SAFM) investor day at 20:30 ET11:30DT Dynatrace (-4%): Recent IPO falls to record low as software stocks come under pressure following tepid Workday (WDAY -12%) Analyst Day (17.41 -0.79)11:28XLF Money Center Comparables- Morgan Stanley reports tomorrow before the market opensMorgan Stanley will report earnings tomorrow before the open with a conference call to follow at 8am ET.Current Capital IQ consensus stands at EPS of $1.12 (-4% yr/yr), Net Income at $1.80 bln (-10% yr/yr), on Revenues of $9.63 bln (-2% yr/yr).MS results will be compared to peers. Expectations are lower for MS so it's bar to beat is not very high. Shares of MS have been straddling the 200-sma ($42.92) since March. Tomorrow's report should help pave the way for a trend to take place. But an in line report is likely to leave shares in this choppy range.Some notes on peer Q3 performance-BAC posted steady results but JPM remains the top earnings for Q3.RoEs have been pretty steady in the 9-11% with JPM above the fray at 15%.JPM dominating on revenue growth as well. Best in class for net income.C and GS still remain the cheapest valuation on a Book basis.BAC tops on equity performance, JPM on FICC.Loan growth led by BAC and C.11:01TALKX Market Briefing: Offsetting news keeps market in checkNot a great deal of conviction on the part of buyers and sellers in the early going, as the major indices are little changed.The earnings news has been relatively good, yet the macro news has been relatively bad. The two seem to be canceling each other out to a large extent, which is keeping the major indices in check.The outsized moves have been reserved for individual stocks with news, like Bank of America (BAC 30.45, +0.72, +2.4%) and United Airlines (UAL 90.08, +2.20, +2.5%), both of which reported better than expected earnings results. Accordingly, there hasn't been a lot of movement at the sector level.Seven sectors are up and four are down, with changes ranging from a 0.6% decline (information technology) to a 1.0% increase (materials).In terms of the macro hangups, they include the weaker-than-expected retail sales numbers for September, reports that a Brexit deal compromise between the EU and UK might not come to fruition before the Oct. 31 deadline, and misgivings about the completion of the "phase one" trade deal with China.The latter has stemmed from news that the U.S. House passed measures that support the Hong Kong protesters, which prompted a warning from China that it will respond with countermeasures if the U.S. Senate also passes those measures and the legislation ultimately becomes law.The Russell 2000 is up 0.4%; the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average are flat; and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.1%.10:03VRRM Verra Mobility to acquire Pagatelia; terms not disclosed (13.99 -0.03)Pagatelia is a European leader in electronic tolling throughout Spain, Portugal, France, and Italy. Pagatelia's platform manages electronic tolling transactions from more than 500,000 devices. This acquisition enables Verra Mobility to accelerate its expansion of tolling solutions for rental car and fleet companies across Europe in a rapidly-growing global tolling market. The transaction is expected to close at the end of October.10:01ECONX October NAHB Housing Market Index 71, September 6810:00ECONX August Business Inventories M/M 0.0% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus09:44SCANX Earnings/guidance moversAMX +3.69% BAC +3.23% TW +2.84% USB +2.82% BK +2.65% CBSH +2.24% PNFP +2.28% JBHT +1.77% SNBR +1.41% UAL +1.13% PNC +1.15% CMA +0.87% HTLD +0.81%AVD -11.88% WDAY -10.65% PGR -3.90% ASML -3.58% ALLY -3.00% FHN -2.45% ABT -1.92% RNR -1.73% RHHBY -1.24% WAFD -0.84% PACW -1.06% HTHT -0.91% IBKR -0.84% HWC -0.01%09:41WRAPX Opening Market Summary: Stock market opens lower amid some weakness in techThe major averages begin the day slightly lower, retracing some of yesterday's earnings-driven rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.1%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.3%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows the information technology sector (-0.8%) exerting an influential drag on the broader market. The materials (+0.2%), consumer discretionary (+0.2%), and financials (+0.1%) sectors hold slim gains.U.S. Treasuries are up slightly, which has yields slightly lower today. The 2-yr yield is down two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.76%. The U.S. Dollar Index is down 0.1% to 98.18. WTI crude is up 0.2% to $52.93/bbl.09:37WDAY Workday leading cloud stocks lower following uninspiring Analyst Day (163.35` -17.61)WDAY -9.90% COUP -5.57% NOW -5.79% (downgraded at Morgan Stanley) WORK -5.35% HUBS -4.71% PLAN -4.62% DDOG -4.22% MDB -4.12% ZEN -3.59% OKTA -3.55% AYX -3.51% PCTY -2.98% TEAM -3.40% SWI -2.89% PAYC -3.02% CRWD -2.72% AVLR -3.26% SPLK -2.96% WK -2.78% ASUR -2.76% ADBE -2.85% (downgraded at Citi) FIVN -3.08%09:26WIRES On The WiresEvolus (EOLS) and Clarion Medical Technologies, a Canadian provider of medical and aesthetic equipment and consumables, today announced the first shipment of Nuceiva (prabotulinumtoxinA) in Canada. Nuceiva is a 900 kDa purified botulinum toxin type A formulation that is approved by Health Canada for the temporary improvement in the appearance of moderate to severe glabellar lines in adult patients < 65 years of age.Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) announced the initiation of a first-in-human, Phase 1 clinical study evaluating NKTR-255, an interleukin-15 receptor agonist, as monotherapy for patients with relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) or multiple myeloma (MM). The study will also combine NKTR-255 with multiple targeted antibodies, that function through an antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity mechanism, to evaluate the safety and efficacy in adults with relapsed or refractory MM.Beyond Meat (BYND) announced that Hardee's will be partnering with Beyond Meat as one of the first U.S. quick service restaurants to offer plant-based breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. Hardee's will be testing a new Beyond Breakfast Sausage Biscuit and an Original Beyond Thickburger for a limited-time in two regional markets -- Raleigh, North Carolina and Kansas City, Missouri -- beginning October 16.09:15WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -3.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -17.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower as the S&P 500 futures trade four points, or 0.1%, below fair value. Earnings news has been upbeat, although some macro news is presumably keeping the market in check after yesterday's rally.Earnings results have come in mostly better than expected today, with shares of Bank of America (BAC 30.38, +0.65, +2.2%) and United Airlines (UAL 89.60, +1.72, +2.0%) up 2% in pre-market action following their results.As for macro news, there has been some renewed uncertainty about a Brexit deal and some angst about China threatening countermeasures against the U.S. if the Senate passes a bill that supports protesters in Hong Kong. The latter is viewed as a complication in getting the first part of a trade deal written out.Reaction to the release of the retail sales report for September, which unexpectedly declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), has been relatively muted. The reading followed an upwards revision of 0.6% in August (from 0.4%). The 10-yr yield is down four basis points to 1.74%.08:58WIRES On The WiresWest Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (WST), announced that it has increased its minority equity stake to 49 percent in Daikyo Seiko, Ltd., a company that West has partnered with for more than 40 years to develop and manufacture high-quality components and solutions for the primary containment and delivery of injectable medicines.CorMedix Inc. (CRMD) announced that it has completed its interaction with the FDA related to the chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) package that will be needed to support Neutrolin's new drug application (NDA). The FDA was supportive of Neutrolin's proposed manufacturing program, including the active pharmaceutical ingredients (API), the container closure and testing, and indicated that it will conduct a thorough review of all of the CMC information as well as assess the commercial readiness of the various manufacturing facilities at the time of NDA filing. No further CMC meetings with FDA are planned prior to NDA submission.A pre-NDA meeting has now been scheduled and CorMedix is looking forward to discussing with the FDA the filing of the NDA for Neutrolin, including the FDA programs intended to facilitate and expedite review of the application, such as Priority Review designation, rolling submission, and LPAD.Magenta Therapeutics (MGTA) announced the appointment of Jan Pinkas, Ph.D., as Senior Vice President, Translational Sciences. The Company also announced that Mike Cooke, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, will leave Magenta to pursue other opportunities.LINX S.A. (LINX) announces the acquisition of all shares of SetaDigital Sistemas Gerencial. Established in 2005, SetaDigital is a reference in ERP and POS solutions for the retail footwear sector and its expected gross revenue for 2020 is R$15 million. For the acquisition, Linx will pay the total of R$28.0 million in cash and, additionally, subject to the achievement of financial and operational goals for the years 2019 to 2021, will pay the amount of up to R$8.8 million.08:50WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.40.The S&P 500 futures trade four points, or 0.2%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.In economic data: South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%) New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.6% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.4% India's Sensex: +0.2% South Korea's Kospi: +0.7% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +1.2%Major European indices trade near their flat lines. There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.In economic data: Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%) U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%) Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: UNCH Germany's DAX: +0.2% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.4% France's CAC 40: -0.2%Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.1%08:49PGR Progressive beats by $0.13, reports revs in-line (74.97 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.42 per share, $0.13 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.29; revenues rose 11.8% year/year to $9.62 bln vs the $9.66 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.08:46ATGE Adtalem Global Education confirms it is exploring strategic alternatives for its Brazil portfolio and is in discussions with interested parties (36.69 )The co confirmed it is exploring strategic alternatives for its Brazil portfolio and is in discussions with interested parties, including active negotiations with YDUQS (formerly known as Estacio Participaes), regarding the potential sale of Adtalem Educacional do Brasil.08:46WIRES On The WiresAxsome Therapeutics, Inc. (AXSM), announced the completion of patient enrollment in the GEMINI study, a Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of AXS-05 in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). AXS-05 (dextromethorphan/bupropion modulated delivery tablet) is a novel, oral, investigational NMDA receptor antagonist with multimodal activity. Axsome remains on track to report topline results from GEMINI in the fourth quarter of 2019.Castle Biosciences, Inc. (CSTL), announced the presentation of a multicenter, prospective study demonstrating that DecisionDx-UM test results significantly impacted treatment plan recommendations for patients with uveal melanoma. The study was presented at the American Academy of Ophthalmology 2019 Annual Meeting held October 12-15, 2019, in San Francisco.ViiV Healthcare, the global specialist HIV company majority owned by GSK (GSK), with Pfizer (PFE) and Shionogi Limited as shareholders, announced the submission of a supplemental New Drug Application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Dovato (dolutegravir and lamivudine) as a switch treatment for HIV-1 infection in virologically suppressed adults on a stable antiretroviral regimen with no treatment failure.Stifel Financial Corp. (SF) announced a strategic partnership with OurCrowd, an Israel-based global venture capital and crowdfunding platform connecting investors with early-stage, high-tech companies across industries and geographies. Stifel will also make a minority investment in OurCrowd.NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC. (NTCT), a market leader in service assurance, security, and business analytics, today announced that it will expand upon its OEM relationship to become part of the Cisco (CSCO) SolutionsPlus Program. Under this program, Cisco customers will be able to purchase NETSCOUT's Arbor Sightline and Arbor Threat Mitigation System (TMS) solutions through Cisco's global price list.08:34TWOU 2U names Paul S. Lalljie CFO (17.16 )Lalljie has more than 20 years of experience in finance management in the high-growth technology sector and most recently served as CFO of Neustar, Inc., an information services and technology company, from 2009 to 2018.08:32WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.50.The S&P 500 futures trade three points, or 0.1%, below fair value.Just in, September retail sales declined 0.3% (Briefing.com consensus +0.3%), while the August reading was revised up to 0.6% from 0.4%. Excluding autos, retail sales declined 0.1% (Briefing.com consensus +0.2%), and the August reading was revised up to 0.2% from 0.0%.08:32SAIL SailPoint acquires Orkus and OverWatchID for total consideration of $37.5 mln (18.31 )Both Orkus and OverWatchID will be integrated into the SailPoint Predictive Identity Platform in the first half of 2020. Once the integration is complete, organizations of all sizes will have access to a new approach to governing cloud environments, one that takes advantage of AI and machine learning and integrates seamlessly into existing identity governance programs. Taken together, this will enable organizations to accelerate access decisions to sensitive cloud resources, detecting potential anomalies and better enforcing access policies across all users, while maintaining compliance across all enterprise infrastructures. SailPoint does not expect to generate any material revenue from either of these acquisitions during the quarter ending December 31, 2019. During the same quarter of 2019, the two acquisitions are expected to add an aggregate of approximately $2 million of non-GAAP expense.08:31CRON Cronos Group comments on planned IPO of Cronos Australia (8.32 )Established in February 2018, Cronos Australia is a 50/50 joint venture between Cronos Group and NewSouthern Capital Pty Ltd., and is led by Rodney Cocks and Peter Righetti. Under the offering, Cronos Australia is expected to issue 40 million new shares at an offering price of AUD$0.50 per share (the "Cronos Australia IPO") ahead of its planned listing on the Australian Securities Exchange in November 2019.Upon completion of the Cronos Australia IPO, Cronos Group is expected to hold approximately 31 percent of the issued capital of Cronos Australia, and Cronos Australia is expected to have an initial market capitalization of approximately AUD$64.4 million.08:30ECONX September Retail Sales M/M -0.3% vs +0.3% Briefing.com consensus ; August revised to +0.6% from +0.4%08:30ECONX September Retail Sales ex-auto M/M -0.1% vs +0.2% Briefing.com consensus08:06BONDX Overnight Treasury Market SummaryRebound Paced by Belly of the CurveU.S. Treasuries are on track for a higher start after an overnight advance in the futures market. Treasury futures began inching higher in the early evening, accelerating their advance at the start of the Asian session. The People's Bank of China injected liquidity through a medium-term lending facility while the Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Treasury futures hit pre-market highs at the start of the European session, but they returned to their overnight levels during the past hour. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% at 98.36. Yield Check: 2-yr: -2 bps to 1.59% 3-yr: -3 bps to 1.57% 5-yr: -4 bps to 1.56% 10-yr: -3 bps to 1.74% 30-yr: -1 bp to 2.22%News: Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3. South Korea's September Unemployment Rate increased to 3.4% from 3.1% (expected 3.9%). New Zealand's Q3 CPI increased 0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%), rising 1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%). EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to brief EU ambassadors around 11:00 ET about the modified Brexit deal. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike. Eurozone's August trade surplus totaled EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI increased 0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%), rising +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). U.K.'s September CPI ticked up 0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%), rising 1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September Input PPI decreased 0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%), falling 2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). Italy's August Industrial New Orders increased 1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%) but were down 10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales decreased 0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%), falling 2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI decreased 0.6% m/m (last -0.5%) but was up 0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%). Commodities: WTI Crude: +0.4% to $53.01/bbl Gold: +0.1% to $1485.00/ozt Copper: -1.4% to $2.579/lb Currencies: EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.1026 GBP/USD: -0.2% to 1.2738 USD/CNH: +0.3% to 7.1041 USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.73 Data out Today: 7:00 ET: Weekly MBA Mortgage Index (actual 0.5%; prior 5.4%) 8:30 ET: September Retail Sales (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%; prior 0.4%) and Retail Sales ex-auto (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.0%) 10:00 ET: August Business Inventories (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%; prior 0.4%) 10:30 ET: Weekly crude oil inventories (prior +2.7 mln) 14:00 ET: October Fed Beige Book 16:00 ET: August Net Long-Term TIC Flows (prior $84.30 bln)08:04SUMRX Gapping up/down: BAC +2%, UAL +2% and PNC +1% after earnings, ACHN +83% and TECD +10% after M&A news/speculation, JNJ +1% after upgrade; ABT -2%, ASML -1% and IBKR -1% after earnings, NOW -3% and ADBE -2% after downgradesGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:SNBR +4.8%, BAC +2.4%, UAL +1.8%, USB +1.6%, BK +1.5%, PNC +1.2%, ALLY +1.2%M&A news:ACHN +83.3% (to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share) TECD +10.5% (said to have received roughly $130/share cash takeover bid from Apollo (APO), according to Reuters)Other news:ABC +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MCK +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)CAH +6.1% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MNK +4.8% (Armistice Capital discloses 8.5% passive stake) FULT +2.3% (approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020)ASMB +2.2% (to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting) AUPH +2.1% (reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter) ETN +1.6% (Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash)MGM +1.5% (MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln; announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln)NKTR +1.4% (after closing near highs - up 9% on the day)SFIX +1.2% (Director/10% owner disclosed the purchase of 150K shares)TW +0.9% (launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate)INCY +0.9% (announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease)Analyst comments:PSTG +5% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)AXSM +4.7% (initiated with a Buy at Guggenheim)CDXC +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $6)AVAV +3.4% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper Jaffray)EVFM +1.4% (resumed with an Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)JNJ +1.1% (upgraded to Neutral from Underweight at Atlantic Equities)INOV +0.8% (initiated with a Buy at Citigroup)Gapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:ABT -1.8%, ASML -1.2%, IBKR -0.9%, FHN -0.9%Other news:PRQR -11.6% (prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share)RYTM -10% (prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share)PRNB -5.3% (prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share)WDAY -5% (under pressure following its Financial Analyst Day event)AKBA -3.7% (files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage)X -2.7% (proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026)NTRA -2% (proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock)RIO -1.9% (reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production)LLY -1.6% (announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival) PINS -1.2% (after falling to four-month low as IPO lockup expires)Analyst comments:NOW -3.2% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley)ADBE -2.4% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)XOG -1.1% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Stephens)COST -0.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Northcoast)08:02SCANX Gapping downGapping downIn reaction to disappointing earnings/guidance:ABT -1.8%, ASML -1.2%, IBKR -0.9%, FHN -0.9%Other news:PRQR -11.6% (prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share)RYTM -10% (prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share)PRNB -5.3% (prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share)WDAY -5% (under pressure following its Financial Analyst Day event)AKBA -3.7% (files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage)X -2.7% (proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026)NTRA -2% (proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock)RIO -1.9% (reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production)LLY -1.6% (announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival) PINS -1.2% (after falling to four-month low as IPO lockup expires)Analyst comments:NOW -3.2% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Morgan Stanley)ADBE -2.4% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup)XOG -1.1% (downgraded to Equal-Weight from Overweight at Stephens)COST -0.6% (downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Northcoast)08:01SABR Sabre acquires Radixx, an airline retailing software provider in the low cost carrier space, for approximately $110 million, including payments to debtholders, using cash on hand (21.45 )Radixx is expected to generate approximately $20 million of revenue in 2019. The acquisition is expected to be accretive over the medium term, but modestly dilutive to Sabre's Adjusted EPS in 2020 due to expected incremental investment in the fast-growing LCC space. Sabre expects an immaterial impact to its full year 2019 results from the acquisition.08:00SCANX Gapping upGapping upIn reaction to strong earnings/guidance:SNBR +4.8%, BAC +2.4%, UAL +1.8%, USB +1.6%, BK +1.5%, PNC +1.2%, ALLY +1.2%M&A news:ACHN +83.3% (to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share) TECD +10.5% (said to have received roughly $130/share cash takeover bid from Apollo (APO), according to Reuters)Other news:ABC +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MCK +7% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)CAH +6.1% (higher on WSJ report that the cos are in talks over opioid settlement agreement)MNK +4.8% (Armistice Capital discloses 8.5% passive stake) FULT +2.3% (approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020)ASMB +2.2% (to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting) AUPH +2.1% (reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter) ETN +1.6% (Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash)MGM +1.5% (MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln; announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln)NKTR +1.4% (after closing near highs - up 9% on the day)SFIX +1.2% (Director/10% owner disclosed the purchase of 150K shares)TW +0.9% (launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate)INCY +0.9% (announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease)Analyst comments:PSTG +5% (upgraded to Outperform from Mkt Perform at Raymond James)AXSM +4.7% (initiated with a Buy at Guggenheim)CDXC +4.6% (initiated with Outperform at Oppenheimer; tgt $6)AVAV +3.4% (upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper Jaffray)EVFM +1.4% (resumed with an Overweight at Cantor Fitzgerald)JNJ +1.1% (upgraded to Neutral from Underweight at Atlantic Equities)INOV +0.8% (initiated with a Buy at Citigroup)07:58WRAPX S&P futures vs fair value: -2.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.30.The S&P 500 futures trade two points, or 0.1%, below fair value after yesterday's earnings-relief rally. Today, investors continue to assess incoming earnings reports, U.S.-China trade relations, and an elusive Brexit deal.Bank of America (BAC 30.37, +0.64, +2.2%) headlines today's batch of bank earnings, and results have come in better than expected. United Airlines (UAL 89.10, +1.22, +1.4%) also topped earnings estimates and raised its FY19 EPS guidance. Overall, results have been better than feared, but political uncertainty has tempered sentiment.For instance, China warned it would take "strong countermeasures" against the U.S. if it passed the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The House of Representative passed the bill, but it remains uncertain when the Senate would vote. Elsewhere, some uncertainty remains on a modified Brexit deal despite reports yesterday indicating a draft deal was near.On the data front, investors will receive Retail Sales for September (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%) at 8:30 a.m. ET, Business Inventories for August (Briefing.com consensus 0.2%) at 10:00 a.m. ET, the Fed's Beige Book for October at 2:00 p.m. ET, and Net Long-Term TIC Flows for August at 4:00 p.m. ET. The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index ticked up 0.5% following a 5.4% increase in the prior week.U.S. Treasuries have edged higher, pushing yields lower across the curve. The 2-yr yield is down one basis point to 1.60%, and the 10-yr yield is down three basis points to 1.74%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.34. WTI crude is up 0.3%, or $0.16, to $52.98/bbl.In U.S. Corporate news:Bank of America (BAC 30.37, +0.64): +2.2% after beating earnings estimates. McKesson Corporation (MCK 149.00, +10.83): +7.8% alongside gains in Cardinal Health (CAH 49.17, +1.27, +2.7%) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC 87.94, +4.74, +5.7%) after The Wall Street Journal reported the companies are in talks to settle opioid litigation for $18 billion. The payment would be phased over 18 years. United Airlines (UAL 89.10, +1.22): +1.4% after beating earnings estimates and raising its FY19 EPS guidance. UAL also raised its FY19 cost guidance, though. U.S. Bancorp (USB 54.55, +0.79): +1.5% after beating top and bottom-line estimates. PNC Financial Services (PNC 143.25, +1.38): +1.0% after it also beat top and bottom-line expectations.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +1.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng +0.6%, China's Shanghai Composite -0.4%, India's Sensex +0.2%, South Korea's Kospi +0.7%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +1.2%.In economic data:South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%)New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)In news:The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it expected to also clear the Senate.Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.Major European indices trade near their flat lines. STOXX Europe 600 UNCH, Germany's DAX +0.3%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.2%, France's CAC 40 UNCH, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.1%.In economic data:Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%)U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%)Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)In news:There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.07:53ASMB Assembly Biosciences to present data on lead HBV core inhibitor candidates ABI-H0731 and ABI-H2158 for the treatment of chronic HBV at American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases Annual Meeting (9.30 )ABI-H0731 -- Continued Therapy with ABI-H0731+Nrtl Results in Sequential Reduction/Loss of HBV DNA, HBV RNA, HBeAg, HBcrAg and HBsAg in HBeAg-Positive PatientsAbstract Summary: Final results from Phase 2a are reported for HBeAg+ patients with chronic HBV infection treated with 731+Nrtl for 24 weeks. In Study 202 (Rx nave patients), greater mean log10 declines in HBV DNA (5.27 vs 3.99; p=0.017) and RNA (2.34 vs 0.61; p<0.001) were achieved with 731+Nrtl (entecavir) versus entecavir alone. In Study 201 (Nrtl-suppressed patients), the proportion of patients on 731+Nrtl versus Nrtl alone achieving DNA target not detected (TND) was 69% vs 0% (p<0.001), and the proportion of patients achieving RNA <35 U/mL whose RNA was less than 35 U/mL at baseline was 52% vs 0% (p=0.0013) respectively. In Study 211, there are 64 HBeAg+ patients currently on extended treatment beyond 24 weeks. Among the 27 HBeAg+ patients receiving 731+Nrtl in Study 201, 41% (11/27) have now achieved DNA TND along with RNA <35 U/mL and HBeAg <1 IU/mL. At their last timepoint, Study 202 patients now in Study 211 (n=22) have demonstrated mean DNA and RNA declines of 6.1 and 3.0 logs, respectively, with observed mean log changes of more than or equal to 0.6 for HBeAg (11 patients more than or equal to 0.5, 4 patients more than or equal to 1.0), >0.8 log for HBcrAg (7 patients more than or equal to 1.0, 3 patients more than or equal to 2.0) and more than or equal to 0.4 log for HBsAg (7 patients more than or equal to 0.5, 3 patients more than or equal to 1.0). 731 continues to exhibit a favorable safety and tolerability profile in patients treated for up to 1 year, with only mild/moderate adverse events and lab abnormalities, and only a single discontinuation due to a Grade 1 rash. The combination of 731+NrtI results in faster and deeper declines in HBV DNA and RNA than NrtI alone, as well as subsequent declines in the surrogate markers of cccDNA (pgRNA, HBeAg and HBcrAg) predictive of cccDNA pool depletion, and HBsAg. The emergent data supports the continued development of 731. ABI-H2158 -- The Second-Generation Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) Core Inhibitor (CI) ABI-H2158 is Associated with Potent Antiviral Activity in a 14-Day Monotherapy Study in HBeAg-positive Patients with Chronic Hepatitis B (CHB)Abstract Summary: The Phase 1b study is enrolling sequential cohorts of 9 patients and each cohort will be randomized to receive 2158 or placebo (7:2) QD for 14 days in a blinded manner. Dosing in the 1st cohort (100 mg) has been completed. In patients receiving 2158, mean declines from Baseline to Day 15 in HBV DNA and RNA levels were 2.3 log10 IU/mL [range 1.7 -- 3.0] and 2.1 log10 IU/mL [range 1.5 - 2.7] respectively. No serious AEs, dose limiting toxicities or premature discontinuations were reported. Three patients reported a total of 5 mild, drug-related AEs that recovered without intervention; dizziness, fatigue, rash, headache and upper abdominal pain. Treatment emergent laboratory abnormalities were infrequent, mild and transient, with no ALT elevations Grade more than or equal to 1 in severity. Day 14 plasma 2158 Cmax and AUC0-24hr were 3,390 ng/mL and 46,100 hr*ng/mL, respectively. Results from the initial 100 mg low dose of ABI-H2158 cohort demonstrated potent antiviral activity, a favorable safety profile when administered for 14 days, and support once daily dosing in CHB patients.07:43PAG Penske Auto increases quarterly dividend to $0.41/share from $0.40/share (45.08 )07:38ABT Abbott Labs reports EPS in-line, revs in-line; guides Q4 EPS in-line (81.98 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.84 per share, in-line with the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.84; revenues rose 5.5% year/year to $8.08 bln vs the $8.1 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus, and 7.6 percent on an organic basis including 3.8% in nutrition, 6.6% in diagnostics, 7.9% in established pharma and 10.6% in medical devices. FreeStyle Libre achieved worldwide sales of $496 million in the quarter, an increase of 63.1 percent on a reported basis and 67.6 percent on an organic basis versus the prior year. During the third quarter, FreeStyle Libre obtained public reimbursement coverage in Ontario and Quebec, becoming the first and only sensor-based glucose monitoring system to be listed by any provincial health plan in Canada. Worldwide sales of MitraClip were $176 million in the quarter, an increase of 30.4 percent on a reported basis and 31.9 percent on an organic basis, including U.S. growth of 45.7 percent versus the prior year. During the third quarter, Abbott announced U.S. FDA approval of its next-generation MitraClip device, which offers enhancements and more sizes to offer doctors further options.Co issues in-line guidance for Q4, sees EPS of $0.94-0.96, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $0.95 S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $3.23-3.25 from $3.21-3.27, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $3.24 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.07:36ALLY Ally Financial beats by $0.03, beats on revs (32.02 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.01 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.03 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.98; revenues rose 6.5% yr/yr to $1.62 bln vs the $1.57 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Consumer auto originations were $9.3 bln, up 14% yr/yr, sourced from a third quarter record 3.2 mln applications, up 11%yr/yr.Insurance written premiums were $357 mln, up 11%yr/yr.07:30NVCR NovoCure announces results from theSTELLAR trial were published in The Lancet Oncology (78.69 )Data showed a median overall survival of 18.2 months (95 percent CI, 12.1 months-25.8 months) for patients treated with NovoTTF-100L and pemetrexed plus cisplatin or carboplatin. One- and two-year survival rates were 62.2 percent (95 percent CI, 50.3 percent-72.0 percent) and 41.9 percent (95 percent CI, 28.0 percent-55.2 percent), respectively. No serious systemic adverse events were considered to be related to the use of NovoTTF-100L. The most common mild to moderate adverse event was skin irritation beneath the transducer arrays.07:30SUMRX European Markets Update: DAX +0.3%, FTSE -0.2%, CAC UNCHMajor European indices trade near their flat lines. There is still some uncertainty regarding the viability of the modified Brexit deal. EU Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is expected to provide a briefing to EU ambassadors around 10:00 ET. The Italian cabinet has reportedly completed a draft budget for 2020, which calls for new public investment and no VAT hike.In economic data: Eurozone's August trade surplus EUR14.70 bln (expected surplus of EUR17.50 bln; last surplus of EUR24.80 bln). September CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.1%); +0.8% yr/yr (expected 0.9%; last 1.0%). September core CPI +0.4% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.0% yr/yr, as expected (last 0.9%) U.K.'s September CPI +0.1% m/m (expected 0.2%; last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr (expected 1.8%; last 1.7%). September core CPI +0.2% m/m, as expected (last 0.4%); +1.7% yr/yr, as expected (last 1.5%). September Input PPI -0.8% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.3%); -2.9% yr/yr (expected -1.8%; last -0.9%). September Output PPI -0.1% m/m (expected 0.1%; last -0.1%); +1.2% yr/yr (expected 1.3%; last 1.7%) Italy's August Industrial New Orders +1.1% m/m (expected +1.9%; last -2.8%); -10.0% yr/yr (expected -2.6%; last -0.8%). August Industrial Sales -0.3% m/m (expected 0.2%; last -0.6%); -2.2% yr/yr (expected -1.5%; last -0.7%). September CPI -0.6% m/m (last -0.5%); +0.3% yr/yr (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: UNCH Germany's DAX: +0.3% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.2% France's CAC 40: UNCH Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.1%---FX---EUR/USD: UNCH at 1.1031 GBP/USD: UNCH at 1.2755 USD/CHF: -0.1% to 0.998107:26S&P futures vs fair value: -3.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -12.80.07:15AMX America Movil SA reports 3Q19 results (15.16 )Q3 EPS of $0.20 (vs $0.30 last Q3)Q3 Revenues of 248 billion pesos were 0.2% higher than a year before in Mexican peso terms notwithstanding the depreciation of various currencies vis--vis the Mexican peso, particularly the Colombian and Argentinean pesos.EBITDA of 78.8 billion pesos (under IFRS16) was equivalent to 31.7% of revenues. Under comparable accounting standards, and at constant exchange rates ex-Argentina, EBITDA shot up 7.2% after adjusting for extraordinary items in Brazil and Austria. The co added 1.6 million postpaid subscribers in the third quarter, including 928 thousand in Brazil, 215 thousand in Mexico and 159 thousand in Austria.Mobile postpaid and fixed-broadband remain the main drivers of access growth at 7.8% and 5.6% year-on-year respectively, while mobile prepaid subs and PayTV units declined 3.5% and 2.5%; fixed-voice accesses were roughly flat.07:04S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -18.00.07:04European MarketsFTSE...7199.59...-12.10...-0.20%. DAX...12652.32...+22.50...+0.20%.07:04Asian MarketsNikkei...22473...+265.70...+1.20%. Hang Seng...26664...+160.40...+0.60%.07:04PACW PacWest Bancorp misses by $0.01 (36.87 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.92 per share, $0.01 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.93Q3 Net interest margin of 4.46% vs 4.72% in Q207:02SCANX Early premarket gappersGapping up: SNBR +10.4%, MCK +7.8%, ABC +5.7%, CDXC +4.6%, CAH +2.7%, PNC +2.5%, FULT +2.3%, BK +2.2%, USB +1.7%, USB +1.7%, NKTR +1.4%, UAL +1.3%, SFIX +1.2%, MGM +1.1%, BAC +0.9%, IBKR +0.5%Gapping down: PRQR -11.6%, RYTM -11.4%, PRNB -5.9%, AKBA -3.7%, X -3.6%, WDAY -3.3%, RIO -2.3%, NTRA -2%, CHRW -1.5%, TW -0.8%, PINS -0.6%07:01CTSH Cognizant Tech to acquire Contino; terms not disclosed (61.34 )Contino is a privately-held technology consulting firm that specializes in helping Global 2,000 clients accelerate their digital transformation by leveraging enterprise DevOps methodologies, a cloud-native development approach, and advanced data platforms.07:01INCY Incyte announces 'positive' results from the Novartis-sponsored pivotal Phase 3 REACH2 study evaluating ruxolitinib in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease (78.52 )Results of randomized Phase 3 REACH2 trial show that ruxolitinib significantly improves overall response rate (ORR) at 28 days vs. best available therapy in patients with steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease (GvHD). Further analysis of the safety and efficacy data is ongoing. Novartis expects to initiate discussions with ex-U.S. regulatory authorities in 2020, and to submit REACH2 results for presentation at an upcoming scientific meeting.07:00SUMRX Asian Markets Close: Nikkei +1.2%, Hang Seng +0.6%, Shanghai -0.4%Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended the midweek session on a mixed note. The People's Bank of China injected CNY200 bln of liquidity but left the medium-term lending facility rate unchanged at 3.3%. The Chinese government warned that "strong countermeasures" will be taken if the U.S. passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The act was passed by the House last evening and it is expected to also clear the Senate. Bank of Korea lowered its repurchase rate by 25 bps to 1.25%, as expected. The central bank signaled that GDP and CPI forecasts will be cut once the market receives data for Q3.In economic data: South Korea's September Unemployment Rate 3.4% (expected 3.9%; last 3.1%). September Import Price Index -2.2% yr/yr (expected -0.3%; last -0.2%) and Export Price Index -5.0% yr/yr (expected -1.0%; last -4.0%) New Zealand's Q3 CPI +0.7% qtr/qtr (expected 0.6%; last 0.6%); +1.5% yr/yr (expected 1.4%; last 1.7%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +1.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: +0.6% China's Shanghai Composite: -0.4% India's Sensex: +0.2% South Korea's Kospi: +0.7% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +1.2%---FX---USD/JPY: -0.1% to 108.70 USD/CNH: +0.4% to 7.1080 USD/INR: -0.1% to 71.4506:55BAC Bank of America beats by $0.07, reports revs in-line (29.73 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.75 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.07 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.68; revenues rose 0.3% year/year to $22.95 bln vs the $22.73 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest yield (FTE basis) of 2.41%, declined 4 bps."Our teammates delivered another strong quarter of earnings and returns for shareholders. In a moderately growing economy, we focused on driving those things that are controllable. We made continued strong investments in our capabilities to serve customers, more relationship management teammates, more and refurbished branches and offices, and more digital capabilities, all while core expenses are flat. Our client activity, the expansion of our client base, and our ability to gain market share across most of our businesses in the quarter, all reflect responsible growth."06:52USB U.S. Bancorp beats by $0.04, beats on revs (53.76 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.15 per share, $0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.11; revenues rose 3.9% yr/yr to $5.92 bln vs the $5.81 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.The net interest margin in the third quarter of 2019 was 3.02%, compared with 3.15% in the third quarter of 2018 and 3.13% in the second quarter of 2019. Net interest margin decreased year-over-year primarily due to the impacts of the yield curve as well as deposit and funding mix and higher cash balances.06:48PNC PNC beats by $0.14, beats on revs (140.72 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $2.94 per share, $0.14 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $2.80; revenues rose 3.1% year/year to $4.49 bln vs the $4.41 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest margin decreased 7 basis points to 2.84%. Overall credit quality for the third quarter of 2019 remained strong. Provision for credit losses for the third quarter increased $3 million compared with the second quarter. A higher provision for the consumer loan portfolio driven by higher auto loan and credit card reserves was substantially offset by a lower provision for the commercial lending portfolio reflecting the sale of franchise finance loans and comparatively lower loan growth.06:46LLY Eli Lilly announces top-line results from its Phase 3 SEQUOIA trial evaluating pegilodecakin plus FOLFOX -- trial did not meet primary endpoint of overall survival (109.70 )The most common Grade 3/4 adverse events occurring at a higher rate (>5% difference) on the pegilodecakin-plus-FOLFOX arm compared to the FOLFOX arm were neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, fatigue and anemia. Detailed efficacy and safety results will be submitted for presentation at a future medical meeting.06:44WIRES On The WiresEnergy Fuels Inc. (UUUU) is aware that multiple news outlets are reporting that the deadline for the U.S. Nuclear Fuel Working Group to make recommendations to President Trump on how to reinvigorate domestic nuclear fuel production, originally set for October 10, 2019, has been extended by up to 30 days. While these news reports appear credible, the Company is not aware of any official announcement of an extension from the administration.HEXO (HEXO) says it is committed to playing an important role in eliminating the black market and in protecting public health and safety, and to this end is pleased to announce the launch of Original Stash, its new value brand. Adult-use consumers will now be able to purchase 28 grams (1 oz) at black market prices, at a retail price in Quebec of $125.70 including sales taxes, equivalent to $4.49 a gram all in.HitGen Inc. announced that it has entered into a drug discovery research collaboration with Galapagos NV (GLPG) to identify potential small molecule leads against targets of interest to Galapagos NV. In this collaboration, HitGen will apply its technology platform, based on DNA-encoded library design, synthesis and interrogation, to discover novel leads. Under the terms of the agreement, HitGen will receive an undisclosed upfront payment and will be eligible for milestone payments from Galapagos NV.Energous Corporation (WATT) announced a partnership with ZPower, the world's only developer of silver-zinc microbattery technology, to develop WattUp-enabled ZPower rechargeable microbatteries.Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (NEPT) announced that its Sherbrooke, Quebec facility started to process biomass using its new cold ethanol equipment. The first shipments of cannabis extracts produced with our ethanol equipment are expected in the coming weeks once the final release testing is completed on the first batches that have been extracted. Combined with Neptune's CO2 extraction line, the Company's capacity to process biomass is expected to reach an annual run rate of 200,000 kg by the end of November.06:42CMA Comerica beats by $0.06, reports revs in-line (67.00 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.96 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.90; revenues rose 1.1% year/year to $842 mln vs the $836.1 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Net interest income decreased $17 million, and net interest margin decreased 15 basis points, compared to second quarter 2019.Q4 Outlook:Average loans stable, reflecting growth in several lines of business, including a seasonal increase in National Dealer Services, offset by a decrease in Mortgage Banker Finance due to seasonality and lower refinancing activity. Average deposits stable with continued focus on attracting and retaining relationship-based deposits.Decline in net interest income due to the net impact of lower interest rates of approximately $35 million (includes a 25 basis point anticipated reduction in the federal funds rate in December 2019), as well as lower interest recoveries and loan fees from elevated third quarter levels.Noninterest income relatively stable, excluding the impact of deferred compensation asset returns, with higher syndication fees and fiduciary income in third quarter 2019 that are unlikely to repeat.06:36AUPH Aurinia Pharma reports that the last patient study visit has occurred in the AURORA Phase 3 lupus nephritis study -- Efficacy and safety results from AURORA remain on track to be reported by the end of the fourth quarter (4.67 )The company also reported today that, further to its Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC previously announced on September 13, 2019, in relation to at-the-market ("ATM") offerings of common shares, the company has completed the sale of 2,343,750 common shares at a weighted average price of US$6.40 for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately US$15 million. The company does not intend to conduct further sales pursuant to the ATM at this time.06:33ACHN Achillion Pharma to be acquired by Alexion (ALXN) for $6.30/share in cash + CVRs worth up to $2.00/share (3.65 )The initial consideration of approximately $930 million, or $6.30 per share of Achillion common stock, will be funded with cash on hand. As part of the acquisition, Alexion will also be acquiring the cash currently on Achillion's balance sheet. As of September 30, 2019, this was approximately $230 million; the actual amount will be determined as of the transaction close. The transaction includes the potential for additional consideration in the form of non-tradeable contingent value rights (CVRs), which will be paid to Achillion shareholders if certain clinical and regulatory milestones are achieved within specified periods. These include $1.00 per share for the U.S. FDA approval of danicopan and $1.00 per share for ACH-5228 Phase 3 initiation.06:33BK BNY Mellon beats by $0.08, misses on revs (44.36 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.07 per share, $0.08 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.99; revenues fell 5.1% year/year to $3.86 bln vs the $3.92 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Fee revenue decreased 1% primarily reflecting the cumulative AUM outflows since 3Q18, lower performance fees and the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, partially offset by higher fees in Issuer Services and Clearance and Collateral Management and higher client assets and volumes in Pershing. Net interest revenue decreased 18% primarily reflecting the lease-related impairment of $70 million, higher interest-bearing deposit and funding costs and lower noninterest-bearing deposit balances, partially offset by the benefit of higher rates earned on interest-earning assets. The lease-related impairment decreased net interest revenue 8%. Sequentially, nearly all of the 9% decrease in net interest revenue was driven by the lease-related impairment.AUC/A of $35.8 trillion, increased 4%, primarily reflecting higher market values and net new business, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. AUM of $1.9 trillion, increased 3%, primarily reflecting higher market values, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar (principally versus the British pound) and net outflows."We're encouraged by fee growth across many of the businesses within Investment Services. Interest rate headwinds and deposit mix continue to challenge net interest revenue and Asset Management continues to be negatively impacted by prior-year outflows. We are taking actions to improve performance and we remain focused on investing in our future while controlling our overall expenses. Our company is well positioned to continue returning significant amounts of capital to shareholders"06:33FHN First Horizon beats by $0.01, beats on revs (16.15 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.43 per share, $0.01 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.42; revenues rose 2.3% year/year to $472.4 mln vs the $466.1 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:22ITGR Integer Holdings Board approves change to the Company's fiscal year, comments on impact to guidance (75.22 )Upon receipt of the customary approval of the lenders under the Company's senior credit facilities, the Company's current fiscal year will end on December 31, 2019, rather than January 3, 2020, with subsequent fiscal years beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31."We estimate this reduction of three days in our 2019 fiscal calendar (of which two are business days) will lower 2019 sales by $4 million to $6 million, which we expect will put us at the low end of our prior sales guidance of $1,265 million to $1,280 million. We expect to be solidly within our prior guidance for earnings per diluted share ("EPS") and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") as our manufacturing excellence strategic imperative is generating efficiency that offsets the impact of the lower sales. 2019 guidance remains unchanged: EPS of $2.89 to $3.09 per share, adjusted EPS of $4.25 to $4.45 per share and adjusted EBITDA of $277 million to $285 million."06:18PRQR ProQR Therapeutics prices public offering of 9,090,909 ordinary shares at a price to the public of $5.50 per share (6.22 )06:17RYTM Rhythm Pharmaceuticals prices 8,108,108 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share (20.89 )06:16BPMC Blueprint Medicines & Ipsen (IPSEY) enter into exclusive, worldwide license agreement for the development and commercialization of BLU-782 (74.49 )The agreement enhances Ipsen's Rare Diseases portfolio and advances Blueprint Medicines' goal of rapidly and efficiently developing BLU-782 as a potential treatment for patients with FOP. Ipsen has demonstrated its commitment to leadership in this complex ultra-rare genetic disorder through the ongoing late-stage clinical development of palovarotene, an investigational retinoic acid receptor gamma agonist. With the addition of BLU-782, which recently completed dosing in a Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers, Ipsen has the potential to offer the broadest possible suite of treatment options for patients with FOP.Subject to the terms of the license agreement, Blueprint Medicines will be eligible to receive up to $535 million in upfront, milestone and other payments, including an upfront cash payment of $25 million and up to $510 million in potential milestone payments related to specified development, regulatory and sales-based milestones for licensed products in up to two indications, including FOP. In addition, Ipsen will pay Blueprint Medicines tiered percentage royalties ranging from the low- to mid-teens on worldwide aggregate annual net sales of licensed products, subject to adjustment in specified circumstances under the license agreement.06:15ASML ASML beats by 0.04, misses on revs; guides Q4 revs in-line (267.54 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of 1.49 per share, 0.04 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of 1.45; revenues rose 7.6% year/year to 2.99 bln vs the 3.03 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Gross Margin was 43.7% vs. guidance for between 43% and 44%.Co issues in-line guidance for Q4, sees Q4 revs of ~3.9 bln vs. 3.93 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus; sees gross margin between 48% and 49%.ASML announces that it has revised its capital return policy to provide for dividend payments on a semi-annual basis. ASML's dividend proposals will continue to be subject to the availability of distributable profits or retained earnings and other factors, such as future liquidity requirements. The interim dividend over 2019 will be EUR 1.05 per ordinary share.Through September 29, 2019, ASML has acquired 8.2 million shares under this program for a total consideration of EUR 1.4 billion. ASML does not expect to purchase the full EUR 2.5 billion of shares within the 2018-2019 time frame.06:15PRNB Principia Biopharma prices 7.5 mln shares of common stock at $28.00 per share (29.91 )06:13CHTR Charter Comm prices $1.5 bln of 4.80% senior secured notes due 2050 and $500 mln of senior unsecured notes due 2030 (432.92 )06:11INGR Ingredion issues statement on malware; not aware of evidence that any customer, supplier or employee data has been improperly accessed, misused, or transferred by any third party (81.09 )06:08HTHT Huazhu Group announces preliminary Q3 results for hotel operations, sees net revenue in line with guidance (34.07 )Blended average daily room rate (in RMB) was +2.6% yr/yr to 245Blended occupancy rate (as a percentage) was -3.1pp yr/yr to 87.7% Blended revPAR (in RMB) was -0.8% yr/yr to 215Net revenue for 2019 Q3 is expected to increase by 10%-11% year-over-year, in line with guidance06:04MOH Molina Healthcare to acquire certain assets of YourCare Health Plan for approximately $40 mln (117.47 )The co announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of YourCare Health Plan, Inc., a not-for-profit subsidiary of Monroe Plan for Medical Care. As a part of the transaction, Molina will assume the right to serve approximately 46,000 Medicaid members in seven counties in the Western New York and Finger Lakes regions. Monroe and its affiliate MP CareSolutions will continue to provide certain management and administrative services related to member care and provider relations.The purchase price of approximately $40 million will be funded through Molina's available cash. Subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other customary conditions, the closing of the transaction is expected to occur in early 2020. YourCare's estimated premium revenue for the full year 2019 is approximately $285 million.06:03CBSH Commerce Bancshares beats by $0.06, reports revs in-line (60.25 )Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.98 per share, $0.06 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.92; revenues fell 0.8% year/year to $336.3 mln vs the $337.31 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.06:00SUMRX Overnight Summary -- World markets continue offbeat toneThe global equity markets lack congruent direction once again this morning. S&P Futures are down about ten points and are trading near the 2988 area. The overnight range was average with a high of 2997.75 and a low sitting at 2984.75.In Asia, the Nikkei gained over 1%, while the Shanghai slipped 0.4%. The Nikkei made a two-month high on a day that saw automakers strong across the board with Toyota, Nissan and Honda all pacing the way with 1% gains. Chinese markets dipped lower after unsettling reports that the "phase one" deal that was "agreed" upon over the weekend may unravel.In Europe, the major bourses are echoing the broader sentiment with a mixed tone. Last minute Brexit talks remain the dominating talking point throughout the region and the markets appear to have taken a cautious tone thus far. Contrary to Japan, EU automakers are weaker this morning despite September Passenger Car Registrations rising over 14%.Market UpdatesS&P Futures vs Fair Value: -7.010 yr Note: 1.72%USD/JPY: 108.66 -0.19EUR/USD: 1.1029 -0.0004Europe: FTSE -0.3% DAX +0.1% CAC -0.3%Asia: Hang Seng +0.6% Shanghai -0.4% Nikkei +1.2%Gold (1485.70 +2.20) Silver (17.29 -0.09) Crude (52.69 -0.12)18:20EDIT Editas Medicine and Asklepios BioPharmaceutical enter strategic research collaboration to explore in vivo delivery of genome editing medicines to treat neurological diseases (20.28 +0.45)18:19TW Tradeweb Markets launches underwritten offering of 14.8 mln shares of Class A common stock; reports prelim Q3 adj EPS of $0.27 vs $0.26 S&P Cap IQ consensus and revs of $200.98 mln vs $197.43 mln estimate (39.91 0.00)Tradeweb intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to purchase equity interests from certain existing owners. Refinitiv will continue to own a controlling interest in Tradeweb following the offering.17:53RIO Rio Tinto reports Q3 production results; guidance is unchanged with the exception of bauxite production (51.40 -0.44)Pilbara iron ore shipments of 86.1 million tonnes (100% basis) in the third quarter were 5% higher than the third quarter of 2018. Pilbara iron ore production of 87.3 million tonnes (100% basis) was 6% higher than the third quarter of 2018 and 10% higher than the previous quarter, reflecting a good recovery from the operational and weather challenges experienced earlier in the year. Third quarter bauxite production and shipments to third parties were 9% and 23% higher, respectively, than the same period of 2018. Aluminium production of 0.8 million tonnes was 3% lower than the third quarter of 2018. Mined copper production of 158 thousand tonnes was 1% lower than the third quarter of 2018, but 15% higher than the second quarter. At the Oyu Tolgoi underground project, the primary production shaft (shaft 2) remains on track for commissioning this month. Guidance is unchanged, with the exception of bauxite production, which has been revised to around 54 million tonnes (previously 56 to 59 million tonnes), and alumina production, which has been revised to around 7.7 million tonnes (previously 8.1 to 8.4 million tonnes).17:48NTRA Natera proposes follow-on public offering of $175 mln of shares of its common stock pursuant to automatically effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (39.22 +1.03)17:41HBB Hamilton Beach Brands to wind down of the retail operations of The Kitchen Collection and the closure of all 160 stores by the end of 2019 (16.66 +0.73)Sales will commence at all Kitchen Collection stores in the next few days and continue through the holiday selling season. Kitchen Collection has ~800 employees. "While operating losses have moderated from the prior year in the first half of 2019, Kitchen Collection continues to experience decreased comparable store sales as a result of declining foot traffic due to the consumer shift to e-commerce sales. Despite our best efforts to return Kitchen Collection to profitability through footprint consolidation, further deterioration in foot traffic has lowered our outlook for the prospects of a future return to profitability and positive cash flow generation. We have evaluated strategic alternatives to maximize the value of the Kitchen Collection business and reached the difficult but necessary decision that it is in the best interests of the company and all of its stakeholders to wind down the business by the end of 2019."During the third quarter, Kitchen Collection expects to record a non-cash, pretax impairment charge of $1 mln related to property, plant and equipment and a valuation allowance of $1.9 mln related to deferred tax assets primarily for state net operating losses. During the fourth quarter, Kitchen Collection expects to incur expenses in the range of $4 mln to $6 mln. Total cash expenditures relating to the Wind Down, excluding cash expenditures in the ordinary course as Kitchen Collection continues to operate, to be in the range of $6 mln to $8 mln.17:36HON Honeywell names Mike Madsen as Pres/CEO of Honeywell Aerospace and appoints Jeff Kimbell as Chief Commercial Officer (163.64 +0.66)Madsen succeeds Tim Mahoney, who held the role for the past 10 years and has been named Senior Vice President, Enterprise Transformation. Madsen and Mahoney will work closely over the coming weeks to ensure a smooth transition of responsibilities.17:33PNFP Pinnacle Finl beats by $0.10, beats on revs; approves new share repurchase authorization for an additional $100 mln (56.56 +0.57)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.45 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.10 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.35; revenues rose 15.6% year/year to $278.43 mln vs the $267.58 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Q3 net interest margin decreased by 0.05 percent from the second quarter, primarily due to reduced yields on securities portfolio as well as increased balance sheet liquidity."We anticipate the office closures to be finalized in the fourth quarter, while several of the other assets are under contract. Additionally, our performance in the third quarter allowed us to increase our 2019 expected incentive payout resulting in an increase of $7.5 million in third quarter incentive costs over the amount recorded in the second quarter. We anticipate that incentive costs for the fourth quarter of 2019 will be less than those recorded in the third quarter and more consistent with the amounts reported in the second quarter of 2019."17:27NTRA Natera files for $175 mln common stock shelf offering (39.22 +1.03)17:26ARCE Arco Platform files for $1 bln mixed securities shelf offering (48.25 +1.70)17:19SU Suncor Energy announces closing of investment in Enerkem (29.77 -0.17)Enerkem, a waste-to-biofuels and chemicals producer, today announced the closing of a $50 mln equity investment from Suncor. As Canada's leading integrated energy company, Suncor first participated in the ownership of Enerkem in April 2019 as part of a $76.3 mln equity financing alongside Enerkem's existing shareholders. With this new investment, Suncor becomes a significant, strategic shareholder of Enerkem. In addition to its equity interest, Suncor also provides technical resources to support the operations of the Enerkem Alberta Biofuels plant located in Edmonton.17:13CRNC Cerence files for ~651K share common stock offering by selling shareholders (15.95 -0.83)17:11IBKR Interactive Brokers misses EPS, beats on revenue (47.44 +0.40)Q3 GAAP EPS $0.45 vs. $0.49 consensus; net revenue +6% to $466 mln vs. $461.4 mln consensus. The results for the quarter were positively impacted by strong growth in net interest income, which increased $47 million, or 19%, and commissions revenue, which increased $20 million, or 12%, from the year-ago quarter; partially counterbalanced by lower other income, which decreased $40 million from the year-ago quarter.17:02DNKN Dunkin' announces departure of Tony Weisman, Chief Marketing Officer Dunkin' U.S., effective December 1 (76.90 -0.01)Mr. Weisman had been with the company since September 2017. The company will immediately begin a search for his replacement, and Mr. Weisman has agreed to assist in the search. Until the appointment of a new CMO, the marketing department will report to Dave Hoffmann, Dunkin' Brands CEO and Dunkin' U.S. President.16:49HWC Hancock Whitney beats by $0.02; approves increased buyback authorization of 5.5 mlnshares (38.48 +0.82)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.03 per share, excluding $0.26 per share merger related costs, $0.02 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.01. NIM narrowed by 4 bps to 3.41%. The decrease in the net interest margin was primarily attributable to a decline in the earning asset yield (7 bps), partially offset by a decline in the cost of funds (3 bps).16:48AKBA Akebia Therapeutics files lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for rescinding Auryxia coverage (4.32 +0.18)Akebia Therapeutics today filed a complaint in federal district court against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The lawsuit challenges a September 2018 decision by CMS that rescinded Medicare Part D coverage of Auryxia (ferric citrate), Akebia's FDA-approved drug, when used for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) not on dialysis. The legal action also seeks to reverse a related decision by CMS that imposed a prior authorization requirement for Auryxia when used for the control of serum phosphorus levels in adult patients with CKD on dialysis.16:45RE Everest Re reports prelim Q3 pre-tax catastrophe loss estimate of $280 mln ($225 mln net of tax) (251.54 +0.93)These estimates specifically exclude any losses from Typhoon Hagibis which made landfall in Japan on October 12. The Everest estimated losses are based on a review of the Company's exposures, catastrophe models, best available information from customers and intermediaries, and industry insured loss estimates of approximately $8.5 billion for Dorian and $9 billion for Faxai. Given the recent date of the loss events, there is meaningful uncertainty as to the ultimate loss amounts.16:42SVM Silvercorp Metals reports results of exploration programs at LMW mine in China (3.70 -0.19)Silvercorp Metals reports the results of its exploration programs from April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2019 at the LMW mine, Ying Mining District, Henan Province, China. Exploration drilling is ongoing at the LMW mine and all other mines at the Ying Mining District.During this period, Silvercorp completed 21,272 meters of underground diamond drilling and 3,274m of exploration tunneling at the LMW mine. Results of underground drilling continuously extended the major mineralized vein structures along strike and downdip, and exploration tunneling exposed high-grade mineralization zones within major production vein structures.Highlights of selected drill hole intersections include:Hole ZKX11111 intersected a 1.34m interval from 135.86m to 137.20m, 0.97m true width, of vein LM17W1 grading 1,211 grams per tonne ("g/t") silver ("Ag"), 11.58% lead ("Pb"), and 0.92% zinc ("Zn") at the 634m elevation; Hole ZKX1302 intersected a 1.22m interval from 121.20m to 122.42m, 1.21m true width, of a new vein grading 661g/t Ag, 14.00% Pb, and 0.28% Zn at the 708m elevation; and Hole ZKX0513 intersected a 1.66m interval from 185.43m to 187.09m, 1.36m true width, of vein LM17W grading 859g/t Ag, 4.53% Pb, and 0.31% Zn at the 661m elevation.16:41GRTS Gritstone Oncology files for $250 mln mixed securities shelf offering (8.57 0.00)16:36NANO Nanometrics and Rudolph Technologies (RTEC) provide post-merger details - combined company will be named Onto Innovation and trade on NYSE under symbol ONTO; expected to close before the end of October (33.41 +0.73)16:34ETN Eaton to sell its lighting business to Signify for $1.4 bln in cash (82.18 +1.32)Co announces that it has entered into an agreement to sell its Lighting business to Signify N.V. for a cash purchase price of $1.4 bln. The decision follows a comprehensive review of various potential transaction alternatives. Eaton's Lighting business is one of the world's leading providers of LED lighting and control solutions. The business, which had sales of $1.7 bln in 2018, serves customers in commercial, industrial, residential and municipal markets.16:33AEE Ameren announces organizational changes; appoints Michael Moehn as CFO, effective December 1 (75.80 -0.49)In a rotation of responsibilities, Marty Lyons, currently EVP and CFO, and President of Ameren Services, who has served as CFO for the last decade, will become President of Ameren Missouri, while Mr. Moehn, who is currently President of Ameren Missouri, will become EVP and CFO, and President of Ameren Services.16:33AVD American Vanguard guides Q3 well below consensus; cuts FY19 revenue guidance (15.32 +0.26)Sees Q3 revs +10% to $123 mln vs $140.43 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Within the overall top line, net sales of the company's international businesses rose ~24% compared to the third quarter of 2018, while domestic sales were flat. This change in top line performance, coupled with lower factory absorption, higher operating expenses arising largely from acquisitions, and other factors, will adversely affect net income for the period. Thus, management expects that quarterly earnings per share are likely to be less than half of the [$0.23] consensus estimate and will provide conclusive data on that subject in its next earnings release."Focusing on full year 2019 results, we expect consolidated sales to increase by about 6% year-over-year with mixed performance among our major markets. International sales should increase by about 27% for the full year. However, our domestic sales will likely decrease by about 5% on a per annum basis, which we believe is consistent with industry-wide forecasts showing domestic markets receding by 6% to 12%. With these considerations in mind, we are revising our full year 2019 net sales forecast downward to ~$480 million [from $500 mln vs. $499 mln consensus]. Other previously forecasted financial metrics relating to 2019 remain unchanged since our last earnings call."16:29LW Lamb Weston forms joint venture with Sociedad Comercial del Plata in Argentina (75.50 -0.34)Lamb Weston has formed a joint venture with Sociedad Comercial del Plata in Argentina to serve the nearly 2-billion-pound South American market. Each partner will own 50% of the new joint venture, Lamb Weston Alimentos Modernos S.A. The JV will sell frozen potato products under the Rapipap and Morixe brands and will operate a manufacturing facility in Munro, Buenos Aires, Argentina with annual capacity of approx. 130 million pounds of finished goods. Terms of the agreement were not disclosed.16:29TW Tradeweb Markets files for 14.8 mln share Class A common stock offering (39.91 0.00)16:25VER VEREIT entered into Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement in connection with Witchko v. Schorsch (9.69 -0.01). On October 4, 2019, the court issued an order granting preliminary approval of the Derivative Stipulation and the settlement set forth therein and, as required thereby, the Company is providing notice to current stockholders of VEREIT.16:25WRAPX Closing Stock Market SummaryThe S&P 500 rose 1.0% on Tuesday, as JPMorgan Chase (JPM 119.96, +3.51, +3.0%), UnitedHealth (UNH 238.59, +18.00, +8.2%), and Johnson & Johnson (JNJ 132.84, +2.12, +1.6%) kicked off the third quarter reporting season with better-than-expected earnings results.The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.9%, the Nasdaq Composite gained 1.2%, and the Russell 2000 gained 1.2%.Most of today's advance came in the early going. The S&P 500 opened just 0.3% higher, and it quickly pushed to session highs amid news that the EU and UK are nearing a draft Brexit deal and that General Motors (GM 36.26, +0.76, +2.1%) and the UAW could also reach a deal soon. Although nothing was finalized, the optimism helped solidify a risk-on mindset following today's batch of better-than-feared earnings results.The benchmark index traded around the 3000 level for most of the session, supported by gains in nine of its 11 sectors. The health care sector (+1.8%) provided the leadership, followed by the communication services (+1.6%) and financials (+1.3%) sectors. The consumer staples (-0.4%) and utilities (-0.3%) sectors ended the day lower.Wells Fargo (WFC 50.07, +0.80, +1.6%), Citigroup (C 71.23, +0.99, +1.4%), and Goldman Sachs (GS 206.41, +0.59, +0.3%) each began the day in negative territory after the banks provided mixed results, but a turnaround in shares provided extra support for the early move higher.Elsewhere, the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+2.2%) set a new all-time high on Tuesday. 29 of its 30 components finished higher, with NVIDIA (NVDA 196.37, +9.84, +5.3%) advancing the most after its price target was raised to $250 from $225 at Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.Trade news continued to make headlines, although the muted reaction likely reflected some exhaustion to trade speculation. "People familiar with the matter" told Bloomberg News that China may struggle fulfilling part of its agreement to purchase $50 billion of U.S. agricultural goods unless President Trump lifts retaliatory tariffs.U.S. Treasuries finished near their session lows, leaving yields slightly higher. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.61%, and the 10-yr yield increased two basis points to 1.77%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.2% to 98.31. WTI crude declined 1.4%, or $0.76, to $53.55/bbl.Tuesday's economic data was limited to the Empire State Manufacturing Survey for October, which increased to 4.0 (Briefing.com consensus -1.0) from 2.0. On Wednesday, investors will receive Retail Sales for September, Business Inventories for August, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index, and Net Long-Term TIC Flows for August.Nasdaq Composite +22.8% YTDS&P 500 +19.5% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.9% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD16:24AMK AssetMark issues September report; platform assets increased to $57.9 bln (25.69 +0.06)Company highlights for the month of September 2019 include:Platform assets of $57.9 bln at the end of September, up 20.9% yr/yr. Net flows were $312 mln in the month of September, down 24.3% yr/yr. AssetMark Trust Company client cash increased 48.3% yr/yr. Number of households increased 23.0% yr/yr to 159,496 at the end of September.16:23RNR RenaissanceRe currently estimates that losses from Q3 catastrophe events will have an estimated net negative impact of ~ $155 million on operations (191.16 -0.44)16:19UAL United Airlines beats by $0.11, reports revs in-line; raises FY19 EPS, in-line (87.88 +0.91)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $4.07 per share, excluding non-recurring items, $0.11 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $3.96; revenues rose 3.4% year/year to $11.38 bln vs the $11.43 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. adjusted pre-tax margin +250 bps to 12.1%. Consolidated third quarter passenger revenue per available seat mile (PRASM) increased 1.7 percent year-over-year. Consolidated third quarter CASM, excluding special charges, third party business expenses, fuel and profit sharing, increased 2.1 percent year-over-year. "Thanks to the outstanding efforts of our employees, United extended our streak of expanding pre-tax margin on a quarterly basis. It provides us further confidence to raise our full year 2019 adjusted diluted EPS guidance, putting us ahead of pace to achieve our goal of $11 to $13 in adjusted diluted EPS by the end of 2020," said Oscar Munoz, CEO of United Airlines. "While headwinds affected the sector as a whole this quarter, United's team once again demonstrated a robust ability to overcome adverse cost pressure, managing to continue growing our network while investing in winning our customers' loyalty through smart enhancements to the United experience."Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, raises EPS to $11.25-12.25 from $10.50-12.00, excluding non-recurring items, vs. $11.86 S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:18RYTM Rhythm Pharmaceuticals proposes public offering of up to $150 mln shares of common stock (20.89 +0.48)16:16MGM MGM Resorts to form joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellgaio at $4.25 bln (27.87 -0.10)MGM Resorts International has entered into a definitive agreement to form a joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust that values the real estate of Bellagio at $4.25 bln, which represents a purchase price multiple of 17.3x rent.In this "landmark transaction for the gaming and entertainment industry," the JV will acquire the Bellagio real estate and lease it back to a subsidiary of MGM Resorts for initial annual rent of $245 mln. MGM Resorts will receive a 5% equity interest in the joint venture and cash of approx. $4.2 bln. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019, subject to certain closing conditions.Between the Bellagio transaction and the pending Circus Circus sale, the company is expecting to receive gross proceeds of approx. $5 bln and estimated net cash proceeds (including expected transaction costs) of $4.3 bln.16:14PRQR ProQR Therapeutics announces intention to sell $50 mln of common stock in public offering (6.22 -0.08)16:10PRQR ProQR Therapeutics receives Rare Pediatric Disease designation from the FDA for sepofarsen for the treatment of LCA10 (6.22 -0.08)ProQR Therapeutics received Rare Pediatric Disease designation from the FDA for sepofarsen for the treatment of Leber's congenital amaurosis 10 (LCA10), the most common cause of blindness due to genetic disease in children. Sepofarsen (QR-110) is a first-in-class investigational RNA-based oligonucleotide designed to address the underlying cause of LCA10 due to the p.Cys998X mutation in the CEP290 gene16:09FULT Fulton Fincl approves the repurchase of up to $100 mln shares of common stock or ~3.9% of outstanding shares; expires on December 31, 2020 (15.88 +0.16)16:08SNBR Sleep Number beats by $0.15, beats on revs, comps +10%; raises lower end of full year EPS guidance; guides revs in-line (46.86 +0.67)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $0.94 per share, $0.15 better than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $0.79; revenues rose 14.5% year/year to $474.78 mln vs the $462.06 mln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.Same store comps in Q3 were +10%.Co issues in-line guidance for FY19, sees EPS of $2.45-2.75 vs. $2.58 S&P Capital IQ Consensus and vs prior guidance of $2.35-2.75; sees FY19 revenue up as much as +10%, which we compute as up as much as $1.68 bln vs. $1.67 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus.16:08AG First Majestic Silver reports Q3 total production was +4% sequentially to 6.6 mln silver equivalent ounces (9.19 -0.25)By the end of the third quarter, total production in 2019 has reached 19.3 million silver equivalent ounces, or approximately 77% of the Company's guidance midpoint of producing 24.4 to 26.0 million ounces.16:07IRBT iRobot files preliminary injunction against SharkNinja ordering company to stop sales of "Shark IQ Robot" (57.77 +2.00)Co announces it filed a motion for a preliminary injunction ordering SharkNinja Operating LLC and its related entities to halt its sales and distribution of its Shark IQ Robot. IRBT filed its motion based on infringement of certain iRobot patents related to the Roomba i7+ robot vacuum with Clean Base Automatic Dirt Disposal. The motion was filed today in the District of Massachusetts, with a hearing date to be scheduled.IRBT also filed a complaint for patent infringement involving three other patents, spanning core iRobot features such as the Roomba i7+ robot's roller technology and modularity.16:07MGM MGM Resorts announces agreement to sell Circus Circus Las Vegas to Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin for $825 mln (27.87 -0.10)Co will sell Circus Circus Las Vegas for $825 million to an affiliate of Treasure Island owner Phil Ruffin. For the 12 months ending June 30, 2019, the property reported Adjusted Property EBITDA of $62 million. The $825 million purchase price will comprise $662.5 million paid in cash and a $162.5 million note due 2024. The Company expects to record a third quarter impairment charge of approximately $220 million in connection with this transaction."MGM Resorts has engaged in an exhaustive process to evaluate its owned real estate and remains committed to executing its asset-light strategy in a measured way that maximizes value for its shareholders," said Jim Murren, Chairman and CEO of MGM Resorts. "The Company expects to utilize the proceeds from this transaction to enhance its capital allocation strategy and complement its strategic and operational flexibility."16:04JBHT J.B. Hunt Transport misses by $0.05, reports revs in-line (111.60 +2.02)Reports Q3 (Sep) earnings of $1.40 per share, $0.05 worse than the S&P Capital IQ Consensus of $1.45; revenues rose 6.9% year/year to $2.36 bln vs the $2.34 bln S&P Capital IQ Consensus. Revenue per load increase of 2% in Intermodal (JBI), a 13% increase in revenue producing trucks and an increase of 9% in asset productivity in Dedicated Contract Services (DCS) were partially offset by a 4% decrease in load count in Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS) and a 5% decrease in rates per loaded mile in Truck (JBT). Current quarter total operating revenue, excluding fuel surcharges, increased 9% vs. the comparable quarter 2018. Intermodal volumes were flatAdj. operating income decreased 1% from third quarter 2018 primarily from higher building rental for Final Mile Services network expansion, lower gross margins in ICS, increases in driver wages and recruiting costs, increased rail purchase transportation rates, and increased technology spend on new applications and legacy operating systems.16:02PRNB Principia Biopharma commences public offering of $125 mln of its common stock (29.91 +0.74)16:02X U.S. Steel proposes private offering of $300 mln senior convertible notes due 2026 (11.43 +0.27)Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 16, 2019End of Document

China hacked iPhones and Android devices to target Uyghur MuslimsCNN.comSeptember 4, 2019 Wednesday 9:15 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICSLength: 902 wordsByline: By Kevin Collier, CNNDateline: New York BodyHackers associated with the Chinese government compromised websites frequented by ethnic minority Uyghurs earlier this year, programming them to install monitoring implants to spy on the phones of users that visited them, according to researchers.Some of the sites had the capability to infect both Android phones and iPhones, a source familiar with multiple companies' research on the sites, some of which is not public, confirmed to CNN. It wasn't clear, however, that the sites were capable of hacking both types of phones at the same time.The findings highlight just how powerful cyberespionage campaigns can be when governments with sufficient resources decide to spy on particular groups by compromising entire categories of websites and indiscriminately hacking the mobile users who access them.The broad approach of the attacks could easily be repurposed for other groups, like Hong Kong protesters, said Adam Segal, the director of the Digital and Cyberspace Policy program at the Council on Foreign Relations."These are all outwardly facing websites, so you would expect that the capacity would be able to do the same to Taiwanese parties or Hong Kong student websites, or any other websites," Segal told CNN.China has been resoundingly condemned by the international community recently for its treatment of Uyghurs, including putting them under intense, multifaceted surveillance.Researchers at the cybersecurity company Volexity, whose specialties include tracking how the Chinese government spies on Uyghurs, released a report Monday showing how certain websites tailored for a Uyghur audience would automatically hack the Android phones of some people who visit them. Called a "watering hole" attack, the tactic allows a hacker to compromise sites their targets are likely to go to rather than seek them out directly.As many as a million Uyghur Muslims have been detained in detention "reeducation" camps by the Chinese government in Xinjiang province and they are among the most surveilled groups of people on the planet. Areas with heavy Uyghur populations are rife with security cameras and facial recognition systems, and residents are often relentlessly tracked.Compromised websites include relatively popular Uyghur news sites and learning resources like the online Uyghur Academy."If you literally go searching for Uyghur websites, Uyghur news, these are the search results. They picked a pretty good set of targets to go after the Uyghur population," Volexity CEO Steven Adair told CNN.iPhones also targetedVolexity's research helps shed light on recent groundbreaking but mysterious research.Last week Google's Project Zero, a research team that studies undiscovered, critical software vulnerabilities that leave developers scrambling to write updates to patch them, revealed an unprecedented finding from earlier this year.The team also described watering hole attacks. But unlike the attacks Volexity documented on Android phones, which exploited known vulnerabilities and wouldn't affect users who had updated their phones to the latest version of Android, the iPhone findings were shocking.The team found that practically anyone who visited one of a handful of particular websites on an iPhone, generally regarded as one of the safest common devices on the planet, would be at risk of a monitoring implant being installed on their phone. Apple has since patched the vulnerability on all phones with the latest version of the iOS operating system.Google declined to share who was affected, prompting a minor controversy in the security community. But a source familiar with Google's research confirmed that at least some of the URLs Volexity found targeting Uyghur Android users also went after iPhones.The news that websites referred to in Project Zero's research were aimed at Uyghurs was first reported by TechCrunch.On Wednesday, a source familiar with Project Zero's research confirmed that some of the URLs it saw overlapped with those in Volexity's report.Google declined to comment on the record about the issue. Its refusal has led some in the information security community to question why Google would announce a campaign that targeted its competitors' phones but not mention a similar campaign against its own smartphone operating system. But Project Zero manager Tim Willis defended the company's decisions on Twitter, saying specifically that Google had found iOS exploits in January. Volexity's research found Android exploits later in the year.Nury Turkel, chairman of the Uyghur Human Rights Project, told CNN that while he had been unaware of the watering hole attacks, they were in line with what he has come to expect from China."This is the first time I'm seeing this particular report," Turkel told CNN. "But I can tell you that I am not surprised at this.""When I was the head of the Uyghur American Association and the Uyghur Human Rights Project, we were constantly attacked. Our websites were shut down at times, and I was personally the target of email-based hacking attempts," Turkel said.China has a long history of aggressively surveilling the digital lives of not only Uyghurs, but also other minorities who either live in China or have fled the country. In 2014, for example, Tibetan Buddhists, a regular target of spearphishing attacks, began a campaign to avoid using email attachments.Google and Apple declined to comment on the record for this story.Load-Date: September 5, 2019End of Document

China warns world of possible economic downturnCE Noticias Financieras EnglishSeptember 27, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 687 wordsBodyUnited Nations, 27 Sep (EFEUSA).- The China-U.S. trade war broke out on Friday at the United Nations Assembly with a tough speech by Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, who warned that the imposition of tariffs and disputes "could lead the world even into recession."Wang said to the delegates of nearly 200 nations something that has been repeated since the outbreak of this conflict last year, although the Chinese representative wanted to make it clear that all the blame lies in the United States."Tariffs and provocations of trade disputes that run counter to global industry and supply chains undermine the multilateral trade regime and the global trade and economic order and could even lead the world into recession", Alerted Wang.In his speech, the head of Chinese diplomacy had moments reflecting a desire to find a solution, which have been mixed with many reproach of Washington, but also with threats: "In the face of unilateralism we cannot sit still."THE COMMERCIAL RIFIRRAFEChina and the U.S. are engaged in a trade conflict that erupted last year, which has resulted in mutual imposition of tariffs and that in their continued back-and-forth, encounters and encounters and tweets of U.S. President Donald Trump, has affected almost equally the Wall Street stock exchange and international parquets.The New York Stock Exchange closed today with its main red indicators, especially the Nasdaq, where major technology companies trade, after local media indicated that Trump is considering, among other measures, to take Chinese companies out of the and seek a plan to repatriate U.S. companies operating in China.Last Tuesday, U.S. President Donald Trump also reserved part of his U-address to disputes with China, also showing hopes of closing a pact, but as long as it's not harmful to the U.S."Hopefully we can come to an agreement that can be beneficial to both of us. But I will not accept a bad deal for the American people," Trump warned Tuesday, who abounded that with his trade war he is seeking "justice."Trump also had reproach for the Asian giant by claiming that the United States "lost 60,000 factories after China joined the WTO" (World Trade Organization)."The WTO needs drastic changes. It should not allow the world's second largest economy to declare itself a developing country to cheat the system," he stressed.Among other issues, the United States accuses China of forcing the transfer of technology to companies working in that country. Last March, the Chinese government passed a new law banning the forced transfer of technology.CHINAS REPROCHES AND THREATSFaced with accusations of forced transfer, Wang stressed that "technological (technological) progress should not be monopolized by any country and no one should obstruct other countries' efforts to make innovations.""It is neither legitimate nor justifiable for a country in a position of power to impose unilateral sanctions or exercise jurisdiction over other countries," the minister said, but never to mention the White House.The Chinese manager also said his country will not stand by in the face of the "winds of protectionism" and stressed that building "walls will not resolvechallenges" and that "blaming others for one's problems doesn't work."Beyond these reproach, Wang insisted on his Government's willingness to resolve commercial frictions in a "quiet and rational manner" and to "demonstrate the greatest patience and goodwill."However, he warned that "if the other party acts in bad faith or does not show respect for an equal situation or the rules in the negotiations, we will have to respond as necessary to safeguard our legitimate rights and interests," he said."I want to be very clear, China is a country with a civilization of 5,000 years, 1.4 billion brave and hard-working people and a territory of 9.6 million square kilometers. China will not be cowed by threats, nor will it be pressured," he said.Trump is already in no hurry to solve this problem until the 2020 election and, following both countries' interventions in the General Assembly, the solution does not appear to be just around the corner.Load-Date: September 29, 2019End of Document

Small-Caps Are Hot, Playing Ball With China, Trading Nvidia: Market ReconRealMoneySeptember 12, 2019 Thursday 8:22 AM EDTCopyright 2019 TheStreet.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1864 wordsByline: Stephen GuilfoyleHighlight: The bond market is running the show? The answer would be... as much if not more than anything else... again.BodyWading Through WeightingI had been wondering. I bet most of you had been as well. With the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average having taken their respective 50 day SMAs roughly a week back, when would this rotation that has become so much more visible in recent days, permit small caps to take a real leadership role in this equity market. Think about it. The dollar has been strong. Domestic firms should be impervious, at least on the revenue producing side to exchange rates. Yes, there are of course supply chain issues for many firms. Trade war related rhetoric seems to be cooling. Any kind of trade deal (good or bad) removes for the time being the largest overt drag on global economic performance.That input in turn... has allowed traders to sell longer term debt slightly more aggressively than shorter term debt. This relaxes the yield curve, meaning that it steepens ever so slightly as both the long end and the short end move in the same direction.So... what about those small caps? The Russell 2000 scored impressive gains of 2.1% on Wednesday, as did the S&P 600. This came two days after, for the S&P 600, that 50 day line had indeed been taken. The hold part of a "take and hold". The Russell took and seemingly held in one aggressive move. What's beneath the surface? Why are the small cap indices leading the way (along with the transports)? It really is as simple as understanding the relationship between the recent environment for credit over time, and sector weighting. Sarge, you mean the bond market is running the show? The answer would be... as much if not more than anything else... again. That never should surprise.The S&P 500 gained 0.7% on Wednesday. I just told you that the Russell 2000 picked up 2.1%. On the surface, one may look at performance for the financial sector and see a 0.57% gain for the Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF  . Dig deeper, and we see that within that sector, the SPDR S&P Bank ETF  and the S&P Regional Banking ETF  both experienced increases of 1.2%. This suggests both that banks are benefiting form the changing slope of the yield curve and this benefit does not abate in the least as the subject of our focus moves form large, diversified money centers to smaller banks focused on servicing smaller to mid-sized clients through traditional banking.Then we look at weighting. The Financial sector bears a 12.69% weighting upon the S&P 500, the second largest allocation, but far smaller than the Information Technology sector at 21.2%. Taking a look at the Russell 2000, we see that Financials make up 17.07% of the index, smaller than in years past, but still number one. Health Care would be number two, and Information Technology is third. The Industrial sector, also very hot of late, weighs 14.45% upon the Russell 2000 (fourth largest allocation), but just 9.48% on the S&P 500. Remember gang, interpreting the information is all about understanding just how that information is delivered. Are small caps hot? Yes. Do they appear hotter relative to the broader market than perhaps they should simply due to the way these indices are sliced and diced? Also... yes. That also means in reverse that small caps appeared weaker in relative terms all year than what was reality.Gomer PyleI can hear the voice of Jim Nabors in my ears this morning. "Surprise! Surprise! Surprise!" Well, no kidding sports fans. Remember just a short ways back, when the Chinese Ministry of Commerce seemed so excited about announcing the mid-October trade negotiations planned for Washington, DC? Remember how I may have suggested in print and on national television that this might be a ploy by the Chinese side just to get President Trump to delay the imposition of an increased schedule of tariffs on Chinese goods come his October 1st deadline, also a key date of commemoration for the communist regime in control of mainland China?Well, assuming I was right, and we do not know that I was... they may have received what they were looking for. Kind of. The U.S. president announced through his Twitter  feed that at the request of Chinese Vice Premier Liu He (due to the regime's 70th anniversary party), the U.S. would as a gesture of goodwill, push these increases back two weeks. While not quite granting the Chinese side the propaganda tool that I had suspected them of seeking in order to make President Xi look stronger going into that holiday, this move by President Trump does show a willingness to play ball. That is what's key here to everyone with a portfolio... or a job for that matter.Bear in mind that these October 1st, now mid-October tariff increases are simply an increase from 25% to 30% on $250 billion worth of goods not likely to put an immediate whammy on U.S. consumers. The first tariffs that would hit the consumer were implemented on September 1st, with a more severe tranche slated for December 15th. That's the problem for the Chinese side here. Nobody knows how much the Chinese economy is slowing, because nobody trusts the "doubtful" numbers. Likely the Chinese don't really know the truth themselves, as headline level economic data is dependent upon subordinate data that itself is believed to be suspect. The regime already looks a little wobbly as protesters in the streets of Hong Kong wave American flags while singing "The Star Spangled Banner." Then there is the autonomous island of Formosa (Taiwan). Not just the only part of China still controlled by the nationalists (Key to keep in focus, the communist victory in 1949 was never complete, it's a sore spot.), but an island clearly trying to build up it's own military capabilities where there is really only one threat they might be concerned about.About The U.S. 10 Year NoteMy bet is that most of you have already taken a look at Wednesday's auction of $24 billion in U.S. 10 year notes. Very interesting, I thought. While weakness for the curve, but the long end in particular has been the story of September thus far, what we witnessed yesterday was a return to trend or better for the series as interest rates (the yield awarded) returned to levels above that paid at the August 7th auction.The yield awarded (1.739%) at this particular auction did not stop the 10 year from selling off later in the day on Wednesday, but did seemingly provide overnight support. Then there are the 2.46 bid to cover, the best seen for 10 year paper since June, and the fact that 75% of the entire issue was taken down by non-dealers, which is above the 2019 year to date average. All in all, this was a slightly above average auction, which is interesting at these levels, especially with the European Central Bank (ECB) deciding on policy later this morning.What If?What if as a result of negotiations between the U.S. and China, really big trees are shaken? I'm not talking soybeans and hogs. We're pretty sure the Chinese will offer to buy a whole lot of agricultural products. They always do. Getting them to follow through on their word is the issue there. What if, as part of a trade deal, Huawei were willing to sell access to existing 5G patents to western (U.S.) companies? The idea was brought up in a piece in The Economist on Wednesday. What if a U.S. company could pay a one time fee to Huawei (believed to be a clear leader in 5G technology) for patents that include licensing, code, and production know how, and then was able to modify whatever it has to in order to deny the Chinese government (or Huawei) access after the fact?Crazy? Maybe not so much. After all, the leaders in 5G patents just in numbers are Samsung  , Huawei, ZTE  , and Ericsson  . A U.S. firm does not show up until you see Qualcomm  at number five. Price could be an issue. My thought on that is that this is a home run if price is the only issue. Word is that my middle aged brain can not anticipate the changes to lifestyle that 5G might bring about. An innovation the likes of Gutenberg's printing press in 1439 is what I'm told. The ability to compete won't come cheap, but wouldn't a free market price paid in order to compete globally and lead domestically be just dandy?Chances Are...As prospects for a U.S./China trade peace improve, so does performance across the semiconductor industry. While the Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF  score a 1.04% gain on Wednesday, the SPDR S&P Semiconductor ETF  ran 2.03% for the day.Taking this line of thought one step further, in the wake of the deal between Qualcomm and NXP  that fell apart due to slowdowns in regulatory approval in China, the pending deal between Nvidia  and Mellanox  very likely becomes a pawn in the game. Over the past five day period, the S&P 500 has moved 2.1% higher. The XSD ETF has gained 5.8%. Nvidia has scored a five day gain of 9.2% Epic. Somebody is betting on something big.One sees quickly that NVDA has now taken the first pivot... orange line number one just below $180. Positive momentum provided by trade related headlines could easily target either the second pivot (around $194), or the 38.2% Fibonacci retracement level at $200. The shares are currently still benefiting from a golden cross (%0 day SMA over 200 day SMA) in mid to late August). Listen gang, Mellanox is expected to be a nicely accretive addition to Nvidia's abilities. The deal already has U.S. approval, and the feeling is that approval in Europe is not far off. China is the key here, and if all goes smoother than rougher, Nvidia would like to get this thing on the tape before the new year. Think it will happen? Somebody does. Nvidia closed on Wednesday at $184.33, Mellanox at $110.45. Charting one share on NVDA over one share of MLNX in ratio format, the spread looks like this since the March announcement.This ratio is an eyelash away from seeing a golden cross of it's own. It is believed that Chinese regulators are now taking a serious look at this deal. Mellanox if acquired makes through the firm's low-latency technology, and the acquirer a better competitor for the corporate data-center.What am I doing. I've been trading this name for months. The volatility has been there. For the buy and hold crowd, I bid you a "nice job." For traders like me, I think it's time to buy a few and hang on for the $200 level. A risk averse trader could buy a November 15th (NVDA reports on November 14th) $185/$195 bull call spread for a net 5, and nearly pay for the trade with the sale of a November 15th $165 put. That does expose oneself to potential equity risk at a 10% discount to Wednesday's last sale while making allowance for upside benefit.Economics (All Times Eastern)08:30 - Initial Jobless Claims (Weekly):Expecting 216K, Last 217K.08:30 - CPI (Aug):Expecting 1.8% y/y, Last 1.8% y/y.08:30 - Core CPI (Aug):Expecting 2.3% y/y, Last 2.2% y/y.10:30 - Natural Gas Inventories (Weekly):Last +84B cf.13:00 - Thirty Year Bond Auction:$16B.14:00 - Federal Budget Statement (Aug):Last $-119.7B.The Fed (All Times Eastern)FOMC Blackout Period Through September 17th. Today's Earnings Highlights (Consensus EPS Expectations)Before the Open: (.41)After the Close:  (5.15),  (.81),  (1.01)(Nvidia is a holding in Jim Cramer's  . Want to be alerted before Jim Cramer buys or sells NVDA?   )Load-Date: September 13, 2019End of Document

The NBA and China continue to butt headsThe Justice: Brandeis UniversityOctober 22, 2019 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS; Pg. 1Length: 550 wordsByline: Jonathan SochaczevskiBodyMuch like the Brandeis Confessions Facebook pages, just when you think it's done, someone starts the National Basketball Association versus the Chinese Government controversy up again. Just as the controversy was beginning to die down, it has returned and is even bigger than before. In quick summary, Daryl Morey, the general manager for the Houston Rockets, retweeted a pro-Hong Kong tweet. China was angered by the retweet and made a series of threats. Everyone was mad at the league's commissioner Adam Silver. One threat made was that Chinese television companies would not carry any NBA games this season, though less than a week after that threat, a Chinese broadcasting company aired NBA preseason games. This should have brought an end to the controversy - China realized they overreacted and everything goes back to mostly normal.That would be just too easy, though. Journalists annoyed Lebron continuously trying to get him to talk about Morey's tweet and the NBA's situation with China. He refused to speak, though, saying that the onus of doing so should be on the owners, general managers and Adam Silver. He also said that if a player had made a similar statement regarding the Hong Kong crisis, they would have been severely punished for it. Lebron was quiet for a few more days until members of the media continued to bombard him with questions about it. Lebron wound up putting his foot in his mouth, saying, "I believe he wasn't educated on the situation at hand, and he spoke, and so many people could have been harmed, not only financially, but physically. Emotionally. Spiritually." Lebron later explained that he was only specifically speaking about the repercussions of the tweet, not about the actual situation that the tweet discusses.Andre Igoudala, player for the Memphis Grizzlies, came out in support of Lebron on a talk show saying, "What I got from Lebron's interview was they had to go over there and play. And then their safety ... think about that! Morey's free to say what he said, but sometimes you have to think about the safety of the players. He could have waited a week." Iggy and Lebron both make really good points: Morey didn't think the tweet through and didn't think about the repercussions at all. Multiple NBA teams - including the Los Angeles Lakers, where James plays and Iggy is rumored to be trying to join - where in China during the entire saga. The NBA refused to cancel the games or let anyone go back to the United States until the games were completed, meaning those players were stuck in a country run by a regime that is shown to be dangerous at its worst and unpredictable at its best.Silver spoke at a Time Magazine event about the incident and claimed that China was demanding that he have Daryl Morey fired over the tweet. Adam Silver, the people's champion, told them to suck an egg, the NBA won't fire Morey and they won't even discipline him. The Chinese government refutes these claims, and a crowd of people collectively say, "Yeah sure, bro." Silver continued by stating that his initial issues with the situation were when he was trying too hard to be a diplomat instead of the league commissioner. It's really refreshing to see Silver act strong; this was his first real test as commissioner and in my opinion it went above average.Load-Date: October 22, 2019End of Document

Trump has the upper hand in the trade war with China. He can't back down nowCNN WireSeptember 25, 2019 Wednesday 12:59 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedLength: 854 wordsByline: By James D. Schultz for CNN Business PerspectivesDateline: () BodyEditor's note: James D. Schultz is a CNN legal commentator and chair of the Government and Regulatory practice at Philadelphia-based law firm Cozen O'Connor. He served as senior associate counsel and special assistant to the president in the Office of White House Counsel during the Trump administration. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own. () --  China is in trouble -- its people know it and President Trump knows it. In fact, Trump knew all along that his hardline stance against China would eventually dent its economy.Don't misunderstand. This is still a long play. There will be no partial deals or "meeting in the middle." Just because the Chinese have agreed to buy American soybeans and pork doesn't mean the president will soon be sprinting to the negotiating table. And that's exactly the right move.China's trade shenanigans date back decades, spanning multiple presidential administrations. Instead of just going along like past presidents, both Republicans and Democrats alike, someone needed to stand firm and wait for the Chinese economy to slowly collapse in on itself. And we're starting to see signs of that happening. China's industrial production in July was the weakest it has been in 17 years.China's weakening economy is due mostly to its trade war with the United States. China's leaders have only themselves to blame. They walked away from a deal in May, Trump's top trade negotiator, Peter Navarro, told Yahoo Finance. The centerpiece of deal, according to Navarro, was a 150-page agreement that addressed the so-called "seven verticals" or what Navarro calls China's "seven deadly sins": currency manipulation, cyberattacks, selling fentanyl to the US, intellectual property theft, forced technology transfer, product dumping and subsidized state-owned enterprises. The deal was essentially done and the Chinese backed out, Navarro said. Now, they have a choice. They can watch their economy continue to tank or sign the deal that was offered. Whether they want to admit it or not, the latter is their best option today --- and the same will be true six months from now.Trump has united the country -- Republicans and Democrats -- on China. According to an August Harvard/CAPS Harris Poll, 67% of American consumers believe it's necessary to confront China over its unfair trade policies.This is why Trump won the presidency in the first place. People in my home state of Pennsylvania, where President Trump won, in part, because of votes from Democrats who wear hard hats and carry lunch pails every day, cared a lot less about hot-button issues such as immigration and climate change than they did about their jobs moving overseas. The same goes for states like Wisconsin and Ohio. In the coming months, passing the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement will be a priority for the Trump administration. The trade agreement, which has bipartisan support, will replace the antiquated North American Free Trade Agreement and lead to fairer trade and economic growth for our country. It will also fulfill a promise Trump made on the campaign trail.The USMCA will, among other things, support farmers who do business with Mexico and Canada, protect US intellectual property and, according to the Office of the US Trade Representative, will provide the strongest and most comprehensive enforcement standards of any trade agreement. It will also send a clear message to China."By bringing North America together ... [the USMCA] will only strengthen the President's hand as we demand that China end the trade abuses that have characterized the decades of the past," Vice President Mike Pence told an audience Tuesday at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank in Washington D.C. This is one of the most important negotiations in American history and Trump has refused to capitulate in the face of opposition from both Democrats and Republicans as well as Wall Street. All three are waking up to the fact that Trump is playing it right -- a once loud drum beat has quieted. As China's economy atrophies, Beijing is going to be more inclined to make a deal.Still, negotiations with China are going to take time. It took decades for a president to finally decide that the Chinese had gamed the system long enough and it will come as no surprise that Beijing is holding out as long as possible. China might even try waiting Trump out in the hope that he loses the 2020 election and China can deal with a Democratic administration that will be more willing to compromise. That would be a considerable gamble by Beijing. But a watered-down or half-cooked deal won't get it done. Are we willing to settle for allowing the Chinese government to hack our computers, steal our intellectual property or sell dangerous amounts of fentanyl to the US? To answer those questions in the affirmative would be to ignore China's checkered trade history, to discredit the impact on those Americans who would continue to suffer most from China's misdeeds and to underestimate President Trump's negotiating power.TM & © 2019 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Load-Date: September 26, 2019End of Document

Chinese Stocks Slump As US Reportedly Weighs Options To Block InvestmentsBenzinga.comSeptember 27, 2019 Friday 7:36 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Accretive Capital LLC d/b/a Benzinga All Rights ReservedLength: 531 wordsByline: Shanthi RexalineBodyThe standoff between the U.S. and China seems to be reaching a tipping point.Even as trade tensions between the two nations have been roiling the markets and economy for a while, the U.S. is reportedly considering an additional step. As part of a plan to limit U.S. investments in China, the White House is considering blocking all U.S. financial investments in Chinese companies, CNBC reported Friday, citing a source familiar with the matter.Additionally, the White House is also looking at possibilities of limiting the investment of U.S. government pension funds in Chinese equities.The plan is reportedly in the conception stage, with no concrete details finalized, including the timeframe for enaction. China Shares, ETFs NosediveU.S.-listed Chinese equities took a tumble on the news. Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd   ADR(NYSE: BABA) was last seen sliding 5.39% to $165.57.Chinese search engine Baidu Inc(NASDAQ: BIDU) was losing 3.67% to $101.21. NetEase Inc(NASDAQ: NTES) shares were slipping 5.79% to $257.52, and JD.Com Inc(NASDAQ: JD) was losing 5.98% to $27.81.OTC-listed TENCENT HOLDING/ADR(OTC: TCEHY) was slipping 3.02% to $40.72.China ETFs were also in a sea of red, with the DIREXION SHS ET/DAILY FTSE CHINA BU(NYSE: YINN), iShares FTSE/Xinhua China 25 Index(NYSE: FXI) and the ISHARES TR/MSCI CHINA ETF(NASDAQ: MCHI) losing 4.28%. 1.53% and 2.52%, respectively.Pressure Tactics?As the reported move comes ahead of the resumption of the U.S.-China trade talks Oct. 10 in Washington, D.C., it is seen as a step by the U.S. to take control of the negotiation.The two parties have locked horns with each other over the trade issue, engaging in verbal warfare and imposing sanctions on billions of dollars' worth of each other's goods. After several start-stop attempts, there has been a prolonged stalemate in negotiations.Separately, Bloomberg also reported a potential move to stall U.S. portfolio investment flows into China and delist Chinese stocks from U.S. exchanges.As of February, about 156 Chinese companies with a total market cap of $1.2 trillion were listed on the main U.S. exchanges, the Financial Times reported, quoting the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission.These measures couldn't have come at a worse time for China, as it is opening up its market for foreign investment.Curbs Likely On Inbound InvestmentsEarlier this month, the U.S. Treasury proposed regulations that would give the Committee On Foreign Investment In the U.S., or CFIUS, more power to prevent foreign investment in areas where protection is needed. The law will take effect next year.The regulations were drawn up to prevent China investing in U.S. technology and other valuable assets.Even as the markets deliberate the pros and cons of these moves, the standoff between the world's first- and second-largest economies is bound to have ramifications for not only these two nations, but also for the global economy at large.Related Links:China Suffers Two Blows: High Oil Prices, Lowest Industrial Output Since 2002Details Emerge On Apple's iPhone Strategy In China© 2019 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.Load-Date: September 28, 2019End of Document

3 ETFs For The Latest China MessBenzinga.comSeptember 29, 2019 Sunday 7:18 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Accretive Capital LLC d/b/a Benzinga All Rights ReservedLength: 471 wordsByline: ETF ProfessorBodyStocks were roiled Friday amid speculation that President Donald Trump is considering a plan that would delist Chinese companies from major U.S. equity exchanges as part of a broader effort to limit U.S. access to Chinese investments.Predictably, the headlines pressured a slew of U.S.-listed Chinese stocks. Shares of e-commerce giant Alibaba Group(NYSE: BABA) slipped 5.15%, while rival JD.com(NASDAQ: JD) plunged nearly 6%.Even PetroChina (NYSE: PTR), the oil giant with one of the longest-running U.S. listings of any Chinese company, lost more than 0.5%.  The deliberations come as the U.S. looks for additional levers of influence in trade talks, which resume on Oct. 10 in Washington,             CNBC reported. Both countries slapped tariffs on billions of dollars worth of each other s goods. The discussions also come as the Chinese government is taking steps to increase foreign access to its markets. At this point, it's speculation about whether Trump presses forward with the China delisting gambit, but if he does, the following bearish ETFs could be worth considering.ProShares Short FTSE China 50The ProShares Short FTSE China 50 (NYSE: YXI) is essentially the inverse equivalent of the iShares China Large-Cap ETF (NYSE: FXI), one of the largest U.S.-listed China ETFs. On Friday, FXI fell 1.15%, while YXI rose by the same amount.Since it's not a leveraged ETF, there aren't significant risks associated with holding YXI for a few days, but even if Chinese stocks fall on the delisting news, traders expecting big gains could be somewhat disappointed with YXI simply because the underlying index doesn't feature big weights to stocks like Alibaba and JD.Chinese banks, which don't trade in the U.S., command nearly half the benchmark's weight.Direxion Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesThe Direxion Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X Shares (NYSE: CHAD) is another inverse, though not leveraged, ETF. Friday's 1.33% jump on light volume positions the ETF to reclaim its 200-day moving average (5.11%).The risk with CHAD, besides the possibility of a rally by Chinese stocks, is that the components in the CSI 300 Index trade on the mainland and many don't have U.S. listings   so vulnerability to U.S. delisting chatter could be limted.Direxion Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesAlright, now we're getting somewhere. The Direxion Daily FTSE China Bear 3X Shares(NYSE: YANG) surged 3.69% on more than double the average daily volume last Friday.YANG tries to deliver triple the daily inverse returns of the FTSE China 50 Index, the same index YXI tracks.For traders looking for rapid gains on the China delisting headlines, YANG could be the way to go.Related Links:Excellent Esports ETFsIt's Time For These ETFs Again© 2019 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.Load-Date: September 30, 2019End of Document

Independent Broker-Dealer Recruiter Jon Henschen Publishes article on Intellectual Takeout, "Forced Equality Has a History of Genocidal Results"; In his October 25, 2019, Intellectual Takeout article, "Forced Equality Has a History of Genocidal Results" independent broker-dealer recruiter Jon Henschen of Henschen & Associates discusses how the largest genocides have resulted from tyrannical centralized governments yearning for utopian equality for all.PR NewswireOctober 28, 2019 Monday 4:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 973 wordsDateline: MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 28, 2019 BodyPR NewswireMINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 28, 2019 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- Jon Henschen's most recent Intellectual Takeout article, "Forced Equality Has a History of Genocidal Results" examines some catastrophic results of social policy aimed at equality for all.The article discusses several historical events and their consequences:Between 1975 and 1979, Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot carried out a genocide in which approximately 2 million Cambodians died, or nearly a quarter of the country's population. About 60 percent of the deaths were the result of direct executions - often carried out by pickaxe - and the rest were caused by famine and disease.Russia experienced two famines in the 20th Century. From 1921 to 1922, roughly five million people died due to a combination of effects from the Russian Civil War and the economic disturbance caused by the Russian Revolution. A rail system that couldn't distribute food efficiently further contributed to the widespread starvation. Seed-grain was eaten rather than sown, and peasants resorted to cannibalism.The Soviets suffered a second famine between 1932 and 1933, with estimates reaching as high as 10 million deaths, 3.9 million of them the result of the reigning political party's order to liquidate Kulaks as a class. The Kulaks were successful farmers and landowners, and their success at farming flew in the face of equality, so leadership had to act. When the Kulaks were deported, imprisoned, or executed, the grain harvest went as well.Under the same guise of building a utopian society, China, under Mao Tse-tung, implemented policies that cascaded into famine. Between 1959 and 1961, the Great Chinese Famine killed 45 million. That's a toll greater than the populations of New York City, Los Angeles, and Chicago combined.Mao Tse-tung wanted to transform China into a utopian socialist society in the vision of François-Noël Babeuf, the French political agitator and journalist of the French Revolutionary period, whose ideas have been emulated in virtually all socialist movements. At the heart of Babeuf's utopia of equality is this philosophy:The sole means of arriving at this [equality] is to establish a common administration; to suppress private property; to place every man of talent in the line of work he knows best; to oblige him to deposit the fruit of his work in the common store, to establish a simple administration of needs, which, keeping a record of all individuals and all the things that are available to them, will distribute these available goods with the most scrupulous equality and will see to it that they make their way into the home of every citizen.Frank Dikötter, a Hong Kong-based historian, is the only author to have delved into the Chinese archives since they were reopened in 2006. Dikötter studied Chinese rural history from 1958 to 1962 following Mao's the Great Leap Forward. Through enslavement of the people, Mao intended to force China's economy to match and then exceed the production capacity of England within just a few years.In his 2010 book, Mao's Great Famine, Dikötter explains the Great Leap Forward in the Chinese countryside:People in the countryside were robbed of their work, their homes, their land, their belongings and their livelihood. Food distributed by the spoonful in collective canteens according to merit, became a weapon to force people to follow the party's every dictate. Irrigation campaigns forced up to half the villagers to work for weeks on end focusing upon giant water-conservancy projects, often far from home, without adequate food and rest. The experience ended in the greatest catastrophe the country had ever known, destroying tens of millions of lives.Dikötter also noted that the communists wildly overestimated actual production, then punished the people for failing to achieve the fantasies of the planners. Grain output in 1958 was 200 million tons, but leadership claimed a bumper crop close to 410 million tons.Chairman Mao, uncaring as to the incredible amount of death and suffering he inflicted on his own people said, "When there is not enough to eat, people starve to death," and later in 1959 he was quoted, "It is better to let half of the people die so that the other half can eat their fill."Obviously, compassion and empathy were not cherished values for Chinese leadership, and the details of the Chinese peasants' suffering were especially brutal. According to Dikötter:Parents driven mad with hunger were led to hand their own children over to others, and to receive the flesh of others to appease their own hunger. There was a black market for human flesh along with everything else.To this day, the Chinese government treats the three-year famine as a natural disaster and denies the true death toll out of fear of undermining the legitimacy of the Communist party.The allure of socialism is the promise of a better world with equality of outcome for everyone. Socialism believes humans are perfectible. If we reward the right people, if we change the environment, have the right language, have the right approach, punish the right people, we can achieve paradise.The only thing standing in the way of paradise is the deplorables.Jon Henschen is president ofHenschen & Associates, an independent broker-dealer recruiting firm located in Marine on St. Croix, Minnesota. With more than 20 years of industry experience, Jon is a staunch advocate for independent financial advisors, and is widely sought after by both reps and broker dealers for his expertise and advice on independent broker dealer topics. He is frequently published and quoted in a variety of industry sources, including WealthManagement.com, ThinkAdvisor, Investment Advisor Magazine, Wealth Management Magazine, Financial Advisor IQ, Financial Advisor Magazine, Investment News and others.SOURCE Henschen & AssociatesLoad-Date: October 29, 2019End of Document

GM's Hong Kong tweet reveals NBA's true prioritiesThe Miscellany News: Vassar CollegeOctober 10, 2019 ThursdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: SPORTS; Pg. 1Length: 1158 wordsBodyMaybe better than any other professional league, the NBA has largely held itself accountable to becoming a vehicle for social justice in our vastly changing political climate. Players have spoken out about police brutality, owners have been fired for racist remarks and some international hoopers have even called out their oppressive native governments, like the Turkish-born Celtics center Enes Kanter. Yet recently, the NBA is catching some flack due to its questionable handling of a tweet that created a dispute with the Chinese government.The NBA has a reputation of being "the woke league," as social justice has been a key talking point for players and coaches in the league, particularly for stars like LeBron James. Last week however, Houston Rockets General Manager Daryl Morey sparked a fierce controversy with a comment on the political demonstrations occurring in Hong Kong. Morey's tweet voiced his support for the people of Hong Kong, who are currently staging a political revolution in China. For those unaware, since June, the people of Hong Kong have fought to keep their political independence from China through activism and grassroots revolution, something that has been heavily pushed back against by the mainland Chinese government. Protestors have been met with violent opposition from Chinese police forces, who have brutally beaten protesters in the streets and arrested protesters (BBC News, "Hong Kong: Timeline of extradition protests," 09.04.2019).Morey's tweet (which was quickly deleted) read: "fight for freedom, stand with Hong Kong" (NBCNews, "Daryl Morey's tweet on Hong Kong shows how China is calling the shots in the NBA," 10.08.2019). Despite the tweet's quick removal, screenshots of it flooded the internet, becoming viral across China and in the United States. Chinese NBA fans quickly started to criticize Morey for his comments, resulting in a massive economic and social blow to Morey and the Houston Rockets. The Chinese Basketball Association, which is run by former Rocket Yao Ming, quickly condemned Morey's statement, calling it "inappropriate," and later cut all economic ties with the Houston Rockets (NBA, "Rockets working to mend ties with China after executive's Hong Kong tweet," 10.07.2019). This means no streaming of games, no reporting of scores and no sale of merchandise. Morey quickly walked his comment back, stating that he did not intend his tweet to "cause offense to any Rockets fans and friends...in China," (Twitter, [@]dmorey, 10.06.2019). Even Rockets stars James Harden and Russell Westbrook issued apologies on behalf of the team.The most interesting development occurred after this, when the NBA sent out two separate media releases regarding Morey's statement, one being an English transcript for American viewers, and another in Mandarin intended for the NBA's Chinese audience.What's interesting is the difference between the NBA's tone in each statement. In the American version, the league's commissioner Adam Silver stated it was "regrettable" that Morey's statement offended Chinese fans, but that "the values of the league support individuals educating themselves and sharing their views on matters important to them." However, the Chinese transcript contained a much more hostile tone, calling the tweet "inappropriate" and stating that the NBA is "extremely disappointed" with Morey's statement (abcnews, "NBA's reaction to Morey tweet differs in English, Chinese," 10.07.2019). The fallout would continue as the days progressed, with scheduled broadcasts of all NBA preseason games in China being canceled by the Chinese national state television network (Washington Post, "Chinese state TV cancels broadcasts of NBA preseason games and sponsors drop out in dispute over Hong Kong comments," 10.08.2019).This marks a clear departure from the NBA's ostensible social responsibility. The NBA has no problem having Martin Luther King Day games, or banning former Clippers owner Donald Sterling for racist remarks, but now appears to have no issue bending their knee to a politically oppressive regime. Why is that? Simple. Money.Last season, the Houston Rockets were the second most popular team in China, trailing only the Golden State Warriors. An interesting detail to note is the NBA recently inked a five-year partnership worth $1.5 billion with Tencent (which also suspended all broadcasts of NBA events in response to Morey's tweet), a Chinese media super mogul (CNBC, "Chinese state media and Tencent suspend broadcast of NBA preseason games in China," 10.09.2019). The deal gave full streaming rights to Tencent, giving them complete control over NBA media in China. The NBA has been doing everything in their power to increase revenue, from allowing sponsorships on jerseys to an extensive effort to globalize the game, with teams playing throughout the season in London, Mumbai, China and South Africa. Does the NBA really want to lose its biggest foreign market over a single tweet?Harden and Westbrook have their own personal interests in mind as well. Harden has built a brand for himself as the MVP with the world's best beard. And don't forget that Adidas deal he signed. Adidas' largest source of revenue is the Asia-Pacific region, and I can only imagine how much the Chinese love his sneakers. Same thing with Westbrook, a Jordan Brand athlete. Does it really make sense for Westbrook to lose on tens of millions of dollars because of something going on across the world that has no effect on him? For both of these two superstars, of course not. But as individuals sharing a national spotlight, players and coaches should set an example as drivers of free speech and social activism.The NBA is rapidly growing monetarily; there is no doubt about that. As it is one of my favorite sports, I've loved seeing basketball grow into a global sport in front of my eyes. But what I'd like to see out of the league is morality. Although it may not be directly explicit, the league has chosen to take an immoral stand, siding with a Chinese government that has not permitted Chinese citizens their ability to speak freely and constructively criticize the government without punishment. This is the same league that moved the 2017 All Star game from Charlotte to Las Vegas as a result of the state of North Carolina passing the H2B bill, which severely limited the rights of transgender people. This is the same league where teams wore "I can't breathe" shirts following the death of Eric Garner. This is the same league that had players and coaches speak out against our president. How much of this past "activism" has been motivated by social concern, and how much of it was simply for monetary gain? It's hard to tell. Ultimately, I can't say I'm surprised by the league's decision to value money over politics, but I hope this can be an eye-opener to the public that the NBA is socially conscious-but only as long as it doesn't hurt their bottom line.Load-Date: October 10, 2019End of Document

Plug & Play: Esports is having its own issues with ChinaDaily Trojan: University of Southern CaliforniaOctober 16, 2019 WednesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 759 wordsByline: SAM ARSLANIANBodyWhile everyone was focused on the situation between China and the NBA over a week ago, esports had its own controversy.Activision Blizzard, the maker of Hearthstone, banned Chinese Hearthstone player Chung "Blitzchung" Ng Wai from competitive play after he verbally supported the Hong Kong protests on a Hearthstone official stream."Liberate Hong Kong. Revolution of our time," Blitzchung said in Mandarin in an interview while wearing a gas mask and a pair of goggles.As his punishment, Blitzchung had to forfeit all of his current season prize earnings and was issued a year-long suspension.Several days after handing down the ban, Activision Blizzard issued a statement in an effort to clear the air around the actions of pro players."Esports exist to create opportunities for players from around the world, from different cultures, and from different backgrounds, to come together to compete and share their passion for gaming," the statement read.This situation shares some similarities with the recent NBA controversy of the past week. Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey received harsh criticism after he tweeted in support of the Hong Kong demonstrations. The difference: It was the Chinese government and sponsors taking action against Morey and the Rockets, the NBA and commissioner Adam Silver. Silver actually backed Morey's right to voice his opinion.Blizzard also stated that the content of Blitzchung's message did not have an effect on the penalties enforced.Given the recent events concerning the NBA and China, that's hard to believe.China wants to control the narrative. Even outside the country, China can do just that through its harsh penalties for those who dare to speak against the government.What this likely comes down to, as everything in the modern world does, is money. Activision Blizzard has a massive player base in China, and a significant portion of its professional players are from there. Activision Blizzard needed to act fast; it did that with a snap-call ban. No warnings, no discussions, nothing.It's the same argument as the Colin Kaepernick kneeling situation. How much authority does the league or company have? Technically, all of it.These are private entities, and if NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell doesn't want players kneeling during the national anthem, he can make that law if he wants to.In the same way, Activision Blizzard can prevent players from supporting the Hong Kong protests if it chooses to do so. It may not be morally right, but it's not illegal.The difference between the NBA and Activision Blizzard is that Silver backed free speech, citing that it is not the NBA's place to police what its people say.Silver's decision tells players, "We want you here for who you are."Blizzard's decision tells e-athletes, "Keep your mouth shut and play.""Moving forward, we will continue to apply tournament rules to ensure our official broadcasts remain focused on the game and are not a platform for divisive social or political views," Blizzard's statement read.This portion of the statement sounds harsh, but the company's intent is understandable. Foremost, Blizzard doesn't want to look like it supports what its players say, and it is willing to limit its players to just playing the game to ensure that it doesn't cross any boundaries.Blizzard made Blitzchung an example. He is an example for professional players to limit themselves to solely the game when they are "on the clock."The last edition of this column discussed the importance of community within the burgeoning industry of professional esports. Blizzard's short-fuse reaction has damaged its reputation - even though it later reduced the ban to six months and gave Blitzchung his prize money. Players shouldn't have to look over their shoulders every time they speak their minds.It sounds like Blizzard will only limit what players say when they are appearing on official Blizzard content. What happens if the protests continue or grow and more players start speaking out? Does Blizzard let them do that on their own time? Will Blizzard want outspoken activists on its roster? How will it react if the Chinese government pressures it?The answer is unknown, but Blizzard needs to make it very clear to its players what they can and cannot say and when they can and cannot say it.Above all, it must ensure that it doesn't disturb or attempt to influence the gaming community.Sam Arslanian is a junior writing about esports. He is also a former sports editor of Daily Trojan. His column, "Plug & Play," runs every other Wednesday.Load-Date: October 16, 2019End of Document

Gridsum Reports Unaudited Second Quarter 2019 Financial ResultsPR NewswireSeptember 9, 2019 Monday 7:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 3421 wordsDateline: BEIJING, Sept. 9, 2019 BodyPR NewswireGridsum Holding Inc. ("Gridsum" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:GSUM), a leading provider of cloud-based big-data analytics and artificial intelligence ("AI") solutions in China, today reported its unaudited financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2019.HighlightsNet revenues decreased by 38% to RMB69.7 million (US$10.2 million) from RMB112.4 million in the comparable period of 2018. Net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders decreased to RMB123.5 million (US$18.0 million) from RMB132.2 million in the comparable period of 2018.Second Quarter 2019 Financial ResultsREVENUES: Net revenues decreased by 38% to RMB69.7 million (US$10.2 million) from RMB112.4 million in the comparable period of 2018.Enterprise revenues decreased by 40% to RMB60.4 million (US$8.8 million) from RMB100.7 million in the comparable period of 2018, primarily due to the Company's ongoing strategic evolution to achieve a more optimal revenue mix by proactively optimizing its Search Engine Marketing (SEM) business toward higher return opportunities and a slowdown in the Chinese economy.E-Government and other revenues decreased by 25% to RMB9.9 million (US$1.4 million) from RMB13.2 million in the comparable period of 2018, mainly due to the lengthening sales cycles and lower budgeted spending by the Chinese government for legal services solutions as a result of government reorganization efforts which began in 2018.COST OF REVENUES: Cost of revenues was RMB19.9 million (US$2.9 million), compared with RMB22.8 million in the comparable period of 2018.GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS MARGIN: Gross profit decreased by 44% to RMB49.7 million (US$7.2 million) from RMB89.6 million in the comparable period of 2018, while gross margin decreased to 71.4% from 79.7%. This was mainly due to a change in revenue mix as well as a time-lag between the Company's restructuring/optimization of its revenue mix and its cost structure.OPERATING EXPENSES: Total operating expenses were RMB181.7 million (US$26.5 million), compared with RMB203.3 million in the comparable period of 2018.Sales and marketing expenses were RMB38.1 million (US$5.6 million), compared with RMB40.1 million in the comparable period of 2018. The decrease was primarily due to a RMB4.0 million decrease in staff and other costs, which was partially offset by a RMB1.0 million increase in share-based compensation expenses. Research and development expenses were RMB87.9 million (US$12.8 million), compared with RMB119.9 million in the comparable period of 2018. The decrease primarily reflected the Company moving past the peak of front-end investment into its industrial AI and IIoT platforms. General and administrative expenses were RMB55.7 million (US$8.1 million), compared with RMB43.3 million in the comparable period of 2018. The increase was primarily due to a RMB8.7 million increase in share-based compensation expenses, a RMB5.4 million increase in office leasing costs and a RMB5.3 million increase in staff costs, which were partially offset by a RMB12.9 million decrease in professional service fees.LOSS FROM OPERATIONS: Loss from operations was RMB132.0 million (US$19.2 million), compared with RMB113.7 million in the comparable period of 2018.NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO GRIDSUM'S ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS: Net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders was RMB123.5 million (US$18.0 million), compared with RMB132.2 million in the comparable period of 2018. Net loss attributable to Gridum's ordinary shareholders narrowed due to a decrease in research and development expenses, gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities and income tax benefit.NON-GAAP NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO GRIDSUM'S ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS: Non-GAAP net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders, which is defined as net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders before share-based compensation expenses, was RMB103.2 million (US$15.0 million), compared with RMB123.1 million in the comparable period of 2018.EBITDA: Loss before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization was RMB119.6 million (US$17.4 million), compared with RMB113.1 million in the comparable period of 2018.ADJUSTED EBITDA: Adjusted loss before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization, which excludes share-based compensation expenses, was RMB99.3 million (US$14.5 million), compared with RMB104.0 million in the comparable period of 2018.NET LOSS PER ADS ATTRIBUTABLE TO GRIDSUM'S ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS: Net loss per ADS attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders was RMB3.60 (US$0.52), compared with RMB4.29 in the comparable period of 2018.NON-GAAP NET LOSS PER ADS ATTRIBUTABLE TO GRIDSUM'S ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS: Non-GAAP net loss per ADS attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders was RMB3.01 (US$0.44), compared with RMB3.99 in the comparable period of 2018.Each ADS represents one Class B ordinary share. For purposes of determining net loss per ADS attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the second quarter of 2019 was 34,315,488. As of June 30, 2019, the total number of ordinary shares outstanding was 34,460,747.Balance SheetAs of June 30, 2019, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of RMB65.6 million (US$9.6 million), and restricted cash of RMB1.3 million (US$0.2 million).Second Quarter 2019 ReviewThe Company's performance in the second quarter of 2019 continued to reflect the Company moving through resolution of some of the challenges, originating in 2018, where a number of events and issues negatively impacted the Company's business and performance. Additionally, revenue and growth momentum continued to be impacted by the slowdown in the Chinese economy.The Company's restructuring of its sales and service functions continues to gain traction and is creating a more optimal revenue mix with a focus on higher-return opportunities. Following significant investments in its industrial AI and IIoT platforms throughout 2018, revenue from the Company's IIoT business continued to gain strong growth momentum during the quarter and accounted for a low double-digit percentage of total revenues in the quarter.Recent DevelopmentOn July 16, 2019, the Company announced that its board of directors (the "Board") had received a preliminary non-binding proposal letter, dated July 15, 2019, from Guosheng Qi, Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Guofa Yu, a director and the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and their respective affiliated entities, and Beta Dynamic Limited, an affiliate of Hammer Capital Private Investments Limited, proposing to acquire the Company in a going private transaction for US$3.80 in cash per American depositary share (each representing one Class B ordinary share of the Company), or US$3.80 in cash per ordinary share.On July 22, 2019, the Company announced that the Board had formed a special committee (the "Special Committee") comprised of three independent directors Mr. Dannis Cheuk Yin Lee, Mr. Xudong Gao and Mr. Feng Lu, to evaluate the proposal and any other alternative transactions. Mr. Lee had been appointed as Chairman of the Special Committee.On August 9, 2019, the Company announced that the Special Committee retained Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP as its legal counsel in connection with its review and evaluation of the proposal.At this time, no decisions have been made with respect to Gridsum's response to the proposal or any other alternative transaction. There can be no assurance that any definitive offer will be made, that any agreement will be executed or that the proposal or any other alternative transaction will be approved or consummated. Exchange RateThis announcement contains translations of certain RMB amounts into U.S. Dollars ("US$") at specified rates solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise stated, all translations from RMB to US$ were made at the rate of RMB6.8650 to US$1.00, the noon buying rate in effect on June 28, 2019 in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board. The Company makes no representation that the RMB or US$ amounts referred could be converted into US$ or RMB, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all.Use of Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresIn evaluating the Company's business, the Company considers and uses the following non-GAAP financial measures as supplemental measures to review and assess the Company's operating performance: non-GAAP net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders, non-GAAP net loss per share attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders, non-GAAP net loss per ADS attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Non-GAAP net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders is net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders before share-based compensation, non-GAAP net loss per share attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders is the per share equivalent and non-GAAP net loss per ADS attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders is the per ADS equivalent, EBITDA is net loss before interest income and expenses, income tax expenses and depreciation expenses, and adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA before share-based compensation.The Company presents these non-GAAP financial measures because they are used by the Company's management to evaluate the Company's operating performance and formulate the Company's business plans. These non-GAAP financial measures enable the Company's management to assess the Company's operating results without considering the impact of non-cash charges, including depreciation expenses and share-based compensation, and without considering the impact of non-operating items such as interest income and expenses and income tax expenses. The Company also believes that the use of these non-GAAP measures facilitates investors' assessment of the Company's operating performance.These non-GAAP financial measures are not defined under U.S. GAAP and are not presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools. One of the key limitations of using these non-GAAP financial measures is that they do not reflect all items of income and expense that affect the Company's operations. Interest income and expenses, income tax expenses, depreciation expenses and share-based compensation have been and may continue to be incurred in the Company's business and are not reflected in the presentation of adjusted EBITDA. Further, these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, including Gridsum's peer companies, so their utility for comparison purposes may be limited.The Company compensates for these limitations by reconciling the Company's non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, which should be considered when evaluating the Company's performance. Investors are encouraged to review the Company's financial information in its entirety and not rely on a single financial measure. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their closest U.S. GAAP financial measures appears at the end of this release.About GridsumGridsum Holding Inc. (NASDAQ: GSUM) is a leading provider of cloud-based big-data analytics and AI solutions for multinational and domestic enterprises and government agencies in China. Gridsum's core technology, the Gridsum Big Data Platform and the Gridsum Prophet: Enterprise AI Engine, is built on a distributed computing framework and performs real-time multi-dimensional correlation analysis of both structured and unstructured data. This enables Gridsum's customers to identify complex relationships within their data and gain new insights that help them make better business decisions. The Company is named "Gridsum" to symbolize the combination of distributed computing (Grid) and analytics (sum). As a digital intelligence pioneer, the Company's mission is to help enterprises and government organizations in China use data in new and powerful ways to make better-informed decisions and be more productive.For more information, please visit http://www.gridsum.com/.Safe Harbor StatementThis announcement contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "will," "expects," "anticipates," "aims," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "likely to" and similar statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, including but not limited to unexpected difficulties in pursuit of our goals and strategies, unpredictability of demand for new solutions we have developed, difficulties keeping and strengthening relationships with customers, potential difficult expanding our customer base or securing new orders from existing customers, potentially costly research and development activities, liquidity and the availability of additional capital when needed, and weaknesses of our internal controls, competition in the digital intelligence market, PRC governmental policies relating to media, software, big data, the internet, internet content providers and online advertising; and general economic and business conditions . Further information regarding these and other risks is included in Gridsum's annual report on Form 20-F and other reports filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. All information provided in this press release is as of the date of this press release, and Gridsum undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.Investor RelationsGridsumir@gridsum.comChristensenIn ChinaMr. Christian ArnellPhone: +86-10-5900-1548 Email: carnell@christensenir.comIn U.S. Mr. Tip Fleming Phone: +1 917 412 3333 Email: tfleming@christensenir.com GRIDSUM HOLDING INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(All amounts in thousands, unaudited) As of  December 31,  June 30,  June 30, 201820192019Assets RMB  RMB  USD Current assets:           Cash and cash equivalents92,68465,5679,551           Restricted cash1,3341,349197           Accounts receivable, net397,969402,90158,689           Prepayments and other current assets294,904268,46539,107Total current assets786,891738,282107,544Non-current assets:           Investment in associates5,0005,000728           Property, equipment and software, net62,32853,6337,813           Intangible assets, net13,84022,1093,221           Goodwill53753778           Deferred tax assets46,35962,4669,099           Other non-current assets43543463           Operating lease right-of-use assets-131,70919,186Total non-current assets128,499275,88840,188Total assets915,3901,014,170147,732Liabilities and Shareholders' EquityCurrent liabilities:            Short-term bank loan 5,00060,0008,740           Accounts payable97,29327,1383,953           Salary and welfare payables65,45154,5747,950           Taxes payable110,529114,64416,700           Deferred revenues36,12647,6406,940           Advances from customers154,731168,90624,604              Accrued expenses and other current        liabilities147,940141,77020,651           Derivative liabilities59619,0592,776           Operating lease liabilities current-36,8615,369           Convertible note242,702261,69238,120Total current liabilities860,368932,284135,803Non-current liabilities:             Long-term borrowing-91,94813,394            Deferred tax liabilities21219328            Operating lease liabilities non-current-104,88915,279Total non-current liabilities212197,03028,701Total liabilities860,5801,129,314164,504Shareholders' (deficit)/equity:Ordinary shares -Class A31315Ordinary shares -Class B17720029Additional paid-in capital1,146,2531,251,771182,341Statutory reserve12,90312,9031,879Accumulated other comprehensive loss(35,496)(25,464)(3,709)Accumulated deficit(1,077,409)(1,362,327)(198,445)Total Gridsum shareholders' (deficit)/equity46,459(122,886)(17,900)                  Non-controlling interest8,3517,7421,128Total shareholders' (deficit)equity54,810(115,144)(16,772)Total liabilities and shareholders' equity915,3901,014,170147,732GRIDSUM HOLDING INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS(All amounts in thousands, except for share, per share and per ADS data, unaudited)For the Three Months Ended30-Jun-1830-Jun-1930-Jun-19 RMB  RMB  USD Revenues:             Enterprise100,67660,3818,796             e-Government and other13,2049,8791,439             Less: Business tax and          surcharges(1,487)(576)(84)Net revenues112,39369,68410,151Cost of revenues(22,812)(19,936)(2,904)Gross profit89,58149,7487,247Operating expenses:             Sales and marketing expenses(40,102)(38,125)(5,554)             Research and development          expenses(119,907)(87,947)(12,811)             General and administrative          expenses(43,296)(55,652)(8,107)Total operating expenses(203,305)(181,724)(26,472)Losses from operations(113,724)(131,976)(19,225)             Foreign exchange loss(3,462)(297)(43)             Interest expense, net(2,332)(4,783)(697)             Other (expense)/income, net2,0583,045444             Amortization of debt discount(5,995)(10,415)(1,517)            Gain on change in fair value of         derivative liabilities-10,8241,577Loss before income tax(123,455)(133,602)(19,461)             Income tax benefit(8,873)9,7451,420Net loss(132,328)(123,857)(18,041)Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests(142)(331)(48)Net loss attributable to Gridsum Holding Inc.(132,186)(123,526)(17,993)Net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders(132,186)(123,526)(17,993)Net loss(132,328)(123,857)(18,041)Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax4,8534,371637Comprehensive loss(127,475)(119,486)(17,404)Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests(142)(331)(48)Comprehensive loss attributable to Gridsum Holding Inc.(127,333)(119,155)(17,356)Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in per share calculations:Basic and diluted30,825,64534,315,48834,315,488Net loss per ordinary share attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders:Basic and diluted(4.29)(3.60)(0.52)Net loss per ADS attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders:Basic and diluted(4.29)(3.60)(0.52)GRIDSUM HOLDING INC.RECONCILIATION OF GAAP AND NON-GAAP RESULTS(All amounts in thousands, except for share, per share and per ADS data, unaudited)For the Three Months Ended30-Jun-1830-Jun-1930-Jun-19RMBRMBUSDReconciliation of net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders to non-GAAP net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholdersNet loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders(132,186)(123,526)(17,993)Share-based compensation9,09120,3322,962Non-GAAP net loss attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders(123,095)(103,194)(15,031)Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in net loss per share attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders and non-GAAP net loss per share attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders calculations:Basic and diluted30,825,64534,315,48834,315,488Net loss per ordinary share attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders:Basic and diluted(4.29)(3.60)(0.52)Net loss per ADS attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders:Basic and diluted(4.29)(3.60)(0.52)Non-GAAP net loss per ordinary share attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders:Basic and diluted(3.99)(3.01)(0.44)Non-GAAP net loss per ADS attributable to Gridsum's ordinary shareholders:Basic and diluted(3.99)(3.01)(0.44)Reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDANet loss(132,328)(123,857)(18,041)Interest expense, net2,3324,783697Income tax expenses8,873(9,745)(1,420)Depreciation and amortization expenses8,0329,2041,341EBITDA(113,091)(119,615)(17,423)Share-based compensation9,09120,3322,962Adjusted EBITDA(104,000)(99,283)(14,461) View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gridsum-reports-unaudited-second-quarter-2019-financial-results-300913889.htmlSOURCE Gridsum Holding Inc.Load-Date: September 10, 2019End of Document

US proposes cutting off funds for Chinese telecom equipmentAssociated Press InternationalOctober 28, 2019 Monday 8:29 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: DOMESTIC NEWSLength: 294 wordsByline: By TALI ARBEL, AP Technology WriterBodyU.S. regulators have proposed cutting off funding for Chinese equipment in U.S. telecommunications networks, citing security threats.The Federal Communications Commission will vote next month on a proposal to bar telecom companies from using government subsidies to pay for networking equipment from Huawei and ZTE. The move mostly affects small, rural companies, as larger U.S. wireless companies do not use equipment from those Chinese companies.The agency is also exploring the impact of requiring companies to rip out their current Huawei and ZTE equipment. The government is seeking comments on how it can help companies financially if they have to do that. Bills in Congress have proposed setting $700 million to $1 billion aside for telecom companies to replace their networks.A trade group for small rural wireless carriers has said that it would cost up to $1 billion for its dozen companies to replace their Huawei and ZTE equipment. It says that Huawei has 40 customers in the U.S. (Huawei is also a member of the trade group, the Rural Wireless Association.)Huawei and ZTE did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the FCC proposal.The U.S. government has said that Huawei poses an espionage threat, but has presented no evidence of its equipment being used for spying by the Chinese government. The company denies that its equipment is used for such purposes. ZTE has also denied that China uses its products for spying. A congressional report in 2012 labeled both Chinese companies as security risks.The U.S. government also has been pressuring allies to ban Huawei from their networks and has restricted exports of U.S. technology to Huawei. Huawei is the world's biggest supplier of telecom gear as well as a major cellphone manufacturer.Load-Date: October 29, 2019End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 32 of 721APEC, CHINA, AND THE USMCA  Page 34 of 721US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firms  Page 62 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 15:00 ET  Page 92 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:01 ET  Page 98 of 721SVB Financial's big bet on China  Page 101 of 721FOR NBA'S QUANDARY OVER CHINA, STAND WITH HUMAN RIGHTS  Page 104 of 721The Impact of China-US Trade Fight and Huawei and ZTE Bans on the Global Communications Equipment Supply Chain  Page 106 of 721US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firms  Page 108 of 721US seeks to blacklist Chinese artificial intelligence firms  Page 110 of 721New U.S.-China trade talks threatened by escalating tensions  Page 137 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 14:00 ET  Page 139 of 721The real threat from China isn't "spy trains"  Page 142 of 721FBI extends fight against Chinese intellectual theft at U.S. universities  Page 145 of 721Noise Threatens to Derail U.S.-China Trade Summit  Page 149 of 721US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theft  Page 153 of 721US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theft  Page 176 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 12:00 ET  Page 201 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 13:00 ET  Page 204 of 721Nationalism over NBA fandom: Fans support 'motherland' China  Page 206 of 721Chinese state television does not broadcast early NBA season  Page 215 of 721UNITED NATIONS: THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLY  Page 217 of 721China shuts down NBA after management's support for Hong Kong protests  Page 220 of 721China dominates political propaganda in Instagram era  Page 223 of 721Rockets' general manager's Hong Kong comments anger China  Page 226 of 721Rockets' general manager's Hong Kong comments anger China  Page 228 of 721Top Chinese state media editor calls out major internet crackdown  Page 230 of 721Chinese investors told to 'stay rational' after Xi Jinping's blockchain embrace causes stock rush  Page 232 of 721Chinese state media slams basketball's NBA in free speech row  Page 236 of 721Trading Silence for Access: The Cost of Doing Business in China  Page 238 of 721CGF Members in China Align on Positive Change Agenda and Approve New China Board; Announcements Made During The Consumer Goods Forum's 2nd Annual China Day  Page  of China: IFJ Condemns the Government Exam for Press Credentials  Page 241 of 721Chinese Shares Get Boost to Close Week Higher; Lisheng Pharmaceutical Ticks Up  Page 243 of 721Group of Leading Chinese-Americans Highlight Impact of U.S.-China Tensions on American Science, Technology, Business, and Education; The Committee of 100 (C100)....  Page 245 of 721Lies and Deceit: China and the Effects of Censorship  Page 247 of 721Huawei exec: Chinese tech giant wants to be 'transparent'  Page 250 of 721China seeks to focus its talks with U.S. to overcome stalemate  Page 252 of 721ROMNEY URGES TSP BOARD TO REVERSE DECISION TO STEER FEDERAL RETIREMENT SAVINGS TO CHINA  Page 254 of 721Murphy, Blumenthal, Scott Lead Bipartisan American Security Drone Act to Prohibit U.S. Government From Purchasing Drones From Adversaries  Page 256 of 721US Trade War with China Further Escalated with Huawei Ban  Page 259 of 721US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theft  Page 262 of 721US researchers on front line of battle against Chinese theft  Page 265 of 721Chinese response to NBA part of ongoing trend  Page 267 of 721The Los Angeles Lakers and the Brooklyn Nets will play in China despite controversy  Page 269 of 721As FCC Looks to Crack Down on Huawei, House Foreign Affairs Committee Passes Spanberger's Bipartisan Bill to Build National 5G Strategy  Page 271 of 721PHILIPPINES ARRESTS NEARLY 300 CHINESE SUSPECTS IN ONLINE FRAUD RACKET  Page 275 of 721SEN. CRUZ: WE SHOULDN'T HAVE AMERICAN SPORTS LEAGUES, COMPANIES, OR HOLLYWOOD ACTING AS THE CENSORS FOR TOTALITARIAN REGIMES  Page 278 of 721Analysis: China-Venezuela cooperation: on the Silk Road  Page 280 of 721USCIRF Urges Congress to Pass Tibetan Policy and Support Act, Welcomes Recent Measures to Protect Religious Freedom in China  Page 282 of 721AUSTRALIAN MINISTER SLAMS CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY  Page 285 of 721The United States strikes a blow to China's AI ambitions  Page 287 of 721USCIRF Report Documents How China's Surveillance State Threatens Religious Freedom  Page 289 of 721CHINA DETAINS HONG KONG-BOUND U.S. CITIZEN FEDEX PILOT | TUE, 24 SEP 2019 11:34 EDT  Page 294 of 721Official Comments: TechNet Outlines Harm of Escalating U.S.-China Trade War  Page 296 of 721Silver: China asked for Rockets GM Daryl Morey to be fired  Page 298 of 721USCIRF URGES CONGRESS TO PASS TIBETAN POLICY AND SUPPORT ACT, WELCOMES RECENT MEASURES TO PROTECT RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IN CHINA  Page 300 of 721Philippines arrests 277 Chinese accused of investment scam  Page 302 of 721Jim Cramer: American Companies Winning in China Are Indispensable  Page 304 of 721World shares mostly dip as China, US to resume trade talks  Page 306 of 721If trade war drags on, China will lose more: US  Page 308 of 721GIVE CHINA A CHANCE TO IMPROVE AMERICA'S TRANSIT SYSTEM  Page 310 of 721Pence Criticizes China's Actions Regarding Hong Kong, Slams Nike And NBA  Page 312 of 721Apple withdraws controversial Hong Kong city transport app after China warning  Page 314 of 721CHINA USES HIGH-TECH TO MONITOR UYGHURS IN XINJIANG, RELIGIOUS FREEDOMS GROUP SAYS  Page 317 of 721WHO'S AFRAID OF HUAWEI? UNDERSTANDING THE 5G SECURITY CONCERNS  Page 319 of 721Trump administration blacklists Chinese firms linked to surveillance of Uighur minority  Page 321 of 721Rep. Zeldin Urges Treasury to Launch Investigation of Chinese-Owned TikTok  Page 324 of 721China Recycling Energy Corp Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire Xi'an Yineng Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd.  Page 326 of 721SENATOR HAWLEY STATEMENT ON THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA  Page 328 of 721China calls on United States to lift new sanctions  Page 358 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ET  Page 390 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ET  Page 423 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ET  Page 456 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ET  Page 490 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ET  Page 524 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 19:00 ET  Page 526 of 721Zedd 'Permanently Banned' From China for Liking a 'South Park' Tweet  Page 528 of 721COTTON, SCHUMER REQUEST ASSESSMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS POSED BY CHINA-OWNED VIDEO-SHARING PLATFORM, TIKTOK, A POTENTIAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE THREAT WITH O....  Page 531 of 721How to win over Chinese travelers? The CEO of leading travel site Ctrip shares her expertise  Page 533 of 721Opinion: Iowan products and Chinese consumers: a first-hand perspective  Page 536 of 721Potential Ways the U.S. Could Target Chinese Listings  Page 551 of 721Interview with Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta; Trade in Focus; Mayor Bill de Blasio Ends Presidential Campaign; U.S. Military, Homeland Security Explore ....  Page 554 of 721China, Russia Spreading Surveillance Methods Around the World  Page 560 of 721DEPUTY ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL ADAM S. HICKEY TESTIFIES BEFORE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AT HEARING TITLED "SECURING AMERICA'S ELECTIONS PART II: OVERSIGHT O....  Page 562 of 721Trade war squeaks sharpens: US delivers on promise to raise tariffs on Chinese imports  Page 604 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 17:00 ET  Page 648 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 18:00 ET  Page 650 of 721China denies telling National Basketball Association to fire exec over Hong Kong tweet  Page 687 of 721Briefing.com: Hourly In Play (R) - 16:00 ET  Page 690 of 721China hacked iPhones and Android devices to target Uyghur Muslims  Page 692 of 721China warns world of possible economic downturn  Page 696 of 721Small-Caps Are Hot, Playing Ball With China, Trading Nvidia: Market Recon  Page 698 of 721The NBA and China continue to butt heads  Page 700 of 721Trump has the upper hand in the trade war with China. He can't back down now  Page 702 of 721Chinese Stocks Slump As US Reportedly Weighs Options To Block Investments  Page 704 of 7213 ETFs For The Latest China Mess  Page 707 of 721Independent Broker-Dealer Recruiter Jon Henschen Publishes article on Intellectual Takeout, "Forced Equality Has a History of Genocidal Results"; In his October....  Page 709 of 721GM's Hong Kong tweet reveals NBA's true priorities  Page 711 of 721Plug & Play: Esports is having its own issues with China  Page 720 of 721Gridsum Reports Unaudited Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results  Page  of US proposes cutting off funds for Chinese telecom equipment  