Date and Time: Thursday, April 29, 2021 2:14:00 AM EDTJob Number: 142629496Documents (60)1. Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters clash with rivalsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20192. THOUSANDS PROTEST MASK BAN AS CLASHES CONTINUE IN HONG KONGClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20193. Asian Shares Rise On U.S.-China Trade Talk OptimismClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20194. Comedy Central to Stream 24 Straight Hours of Stand-Up Specials on YouTubeClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20195. 3 Ways to Avoid Recycling ContaminationClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20196. Austin organization, students hold rally to support protesters in Hong KongClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20197. FACULTY RECEIVE NATIONAL ACADEMIES' EARLY-CAREER RESEARCH FELLOWSHIPSClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20198. Sales of Flexible OLED Display Expand with Rise in Income among Middle-income Group in Asia Pacific - TMR;The Global Flexible OLED Display Market to Rise At 35% of CAGR Due Surge In Demand for Smartphone and Wearable DevicesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 20199. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201910. Domino's, Target post gains while Qiagen, Ambarella declineClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201911. Domino's, Target post gains while Qiagen, Ambarella declineClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201912. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 07:58 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201913. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 07:58 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201914. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201915. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201916. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201917. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201918. Trump tries out new defenses as damaging Ukraine evidence piles upClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201919. Trump tries out new defenses as damaging Ukraine evidence piles upClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201920. Travelers behaving badly: Is the conduct of tourists getting worse?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201921. Travelers behaving badly: Is the conduct of tourists getting worse?Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201922. Waning Optimism About Trade Talks May Generate Selling PressureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201923. Waning Optimism About Trade Talks May Generate Selling PressureClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201924. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201925. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201926. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201927. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201928. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201929. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201930. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201931. Stock Market UpdateClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201932. 10 things you need to know before the opening bellClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201933. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201934. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 12:55 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201935. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 13:30 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201936. NBA complacent in choosing monetary gain over human rightsClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201937. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 11:55 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201938. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 11:55 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201939. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 12:25 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201940. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201941. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:55 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201942. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201943. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201944. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201945. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:55 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201946. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:10 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201947. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:40 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201948. S&P; 500 Poised To Reach New Record Intraday HighClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201949. S&P; 500 Poised To Reach New Record Intraday HighClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201950. FIVE YEARS AFTER OCCUPY CENTRAL, STREET BATTLES RAGE IN HONG KONGClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201951. Boston College: Law and CybersecurityClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201952. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:50 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201953. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:50 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201954. Global Retail Development Sees Pockets of Hope Despite Uncertain Economic Climate;A.T. Kearney's Global Retail Development Index finds shifts in policy, culture demand close attention from retailersClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201955. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201956. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:00 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201957. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:25 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201958. Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201959. Senate Homeland Security &#38; Governmental Affairs Committee Issues Report on Supply Chain Counterintelligence Training ActClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 201960. The week in IR: US bears brunt of market falls, investors debate IPOs versus direct listings, and UK sees string of CEO changesClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: china, chinese governmentSearch Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsLocation: United States; Publication Type: Newswires & Press Releases,Newspapers,Web-based Publications; Industry: Computing & Information Technology; Timeline: Sep 01, 2019 to Oct 31, 2019

Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters clash with rivalsUPISeptember 14, 2019 Saturday 11:29 AM ESTCopyright 2019 U.P.I. All Rights ReservedLength: 503 wordsByline: SOMMER BROKAWDateline: Sept. 14 BodyHong Kong pro-democracy protesters clashed Saturday with Beijing supporters in a mall.In the standoff at a mall in Kowloon Bay, dozens of pro-government protesters waved Chinese flags and chanted "support the police," as pro-democracy demonstrators gathered dressed in black outfits and wearing masks.The clash broke into a scuffle as they began to throw punches at each other and hit each other with umbrellas before the police separated them. At least one man was bleeding from the head.The pro-democracy mass protests started in June against proposed legislation that would allow suspected criminals to be extradited to mainland China. Though the bill has been withdrawn, protests have continued with demands for democratic reforms and investigations into alleged police brutality.Clashes with Beijing supporters have recently escalated.In one incident, demonstrators surrounded a woman they accused of filming them and refused to let her leave. Police tackled and subdued several people, according to witnesses, some of whom were local residents going to the mall.Earlier Saturday a fight broke out between pro-Beijing protesters in blue T-shirts and Fortress Hill residents near "Lennon wall" protest art set up by demonstrators after the art was torn down.Groups of men were seen using Chinese flags to beat mostly younger men in videos. A group chased and kicked a young man until a passerby shielded him with his body in one scene.Hundreds of pro-democracy protesters also marched in Tin Shui Wai, a neighborhood in Hong Kong's new territories, defying a police ban on the event.A day earlier thousands of Hong Kong protesters marked the mid-autumn festival by forming human chains across the city similar to one formed last month despite new government concessions.Protesters formed a torch-lit human chain across the Lion Rock and Victoria Peak hills of Hong Kong on Friday similar to the more than 20-mile human chain they formed on on Aug. 23. Organizers said the human chains are inspired by the 1989 human chain formed across Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania amid the crumbling Soviet Union.The demonstrators chanted "Stand with Hong Kong, fight for freedom."Over the past week, demonstrators have gathered in malls across the city to sing "Glory to Hong Kong," which has become the unofficial anthem of protests.More than 100 secondary students also gathered in central Hong Kong to sing the anthem.Hong Kong's leader, , has said she will permanently withdraw the extradition bill, and on Thursday, she attempted to offer more concessions, posting on Facebook that she would seek to address concerns over jobs and high rents."Housing is a top priority for people's livelihood, and the government's measures to increase housing supply will only come one after another, and will never go," Lam posted on Facebook Thursday.China celebrates the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China Thursday and some protest observers believe authorities are eager to stop the protests before that day.Load-Date: September 15, 2019End of Document

THOUSANDS PROTEST MASK BAN AS CLASHES CONTINUE IN HONG KONGStates News ServiceOctober 6, 2019 SundayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 1066 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:Thousands of protesters crowded onto the streets of Hong Kong this weekend in two days of renewed protest at the city authorities' use of emergency powers, braving torrential rain, roadblocks and a total shutdown of the subway network.Chief executive Carrie Lam on Friday announced a ban on the wearing of masks at public gatherings, invoking the draconian Emergency Regulations Ordinance to do so.Protesters hit back by donning almost every kind of conceivable face-covering, including Anonymous masks, Winnie-the-Pooh masks in a side-swipe at Chinese President Xi Jinping, as well as the now-ubiquitous respirators to guard against tear gas and regular surgical masks.Others braided their hair over their faces, or wore paper bags with holes cut for eyes.Thousands of people joined a river of umbrellas that flowed through the night-life district of Wanchai to the usually busy shopping district of Causeway Bay. But most shops had their shutters down in anticipation of the protests.Bus passengers and people in private cars were scene lining up near the Eastern Harbour Crossing as police checked their ID and searched their bags, live video footage showed.In the Kowloon-side district of Mong Kok, masked protesters also gathered in large numbers, making their way down Nathan Road in defiance of the ban and the closure of most Mass Transit Railway (MTR) stations on Saturday. The MTR said it had reopened some stations on Sunday, but many others remained closed.Tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannonPolice fired tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannon at crowds in Causeway Bay, while the Mong Kok protesters constructed elaborate barricades and a Roman-style catapult to lob bricks in the direction of riot police.Protesters also flung Molotov cocktails at police, leaving the tarmac aflame and accidentally setting fire to a reporter with the government broadcaster, RTHK, the station said.Tear gas was also deployed in Central, Wanchai, Mong Kok, Prince Edward and Sham Shui Po.Meanwhile, China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) issued a warning to protesters in its first public statement since protests escalated in early June.Occupants of the PLA's East Kowloon Barracks raised a yellow warning flag and shone spotlights on protesters, watching them through binoculars and filming them with cameras. The warning said that anyone shining laser pointers at the building would be risking arrest. Dozens of laser pointers were nonetheless pointed at the building.Two people were treated for injuries after a taxi slammed into a group of protesters in Sham Shui Po on Sunday afternoon. A woman was taken to hospital with broken bones after the taxi rammed the crowd, according to social media posts and video footage from the scene.Video footage also showed protesters kicking and beating the driver of the cab, before being pulled away by other protesters. He was later given first aid as protesters formed a human chain behind him to ward of further attacks.Police issued a tear gas warning in the district shortly after 5.00 p.m., firing it in spite of an elderly man with limited mobility who was unable to leave quickly.Political crisisLive ammunition was also reportedly fired near Prince Edward station.A Kowloon protester surnamed Chan said nobody supported the use of emergency powers to resolve the political crisis that gripped the city when Lam first floated plans to allow the extradition of alleged criminal suspects to face trial in mainland Chinese courts."The government is getting more and more outrageous," Chan said. "Nobody finds the use of emergency regulations acceptable.""I am worried that we will see the decrees coming thick and fast now," he added.Riot police also carried out raids on the Hong Kong Baptist University campus, provoking an angry reaction from students, who shone flashlights at the officers and shouted that they were "under university jurisdiction: you can't come in!""This is a university," one student argued. "Private property!"A woman who joined the march on Hong Kong Island said the main reason she had come out was to protest over the use of emergency powers."Actually the most worrying thing is the use of the emergency laws, although I am worried about the mask ban too," she said. "They can do anything under emergency laws, including stopping us from getting our money out of the bank, or stopping us from leaving the country.""That's why opposing the use of emergency regulations is the most important thing," she said.Injunction reject by courtProtesters set up barricades and threw projectiles, vandalizing the Bank of China headquarters in Central district, while police fired at them from a nearby flyover as the marchers passed police headquarters.Some carried banners bearing slogans calling on Lam to resign, and for the government to meet all five of the protest movement's demands: the formal withdrawal of a law enabling extradition to mainland China; an independent inquiry into police violence; an amnesty for thousands of arrested protesters; an end to the description of protesters as 'rioters'; and fully democratic elections to the Legislative Council (LegCo) and for the post of chief executive.Chanting "Disband the Hong Kong police!" and "Reclaim Hong Kong! Revolution in our Time!" the protesters also waved black versions of the Hong Kong flag, that have become a symbol of the protest movement.Hong Kong's High Court on Sunday rejected an application by pro-democracy lawmakers for an interim injunction against the mask ban, although it has yet to rule on whether or not to allow a judicial review into the move.Twenty-four pro-democracy lawmakers had argued that the ban was unconstitutional because it had bypassed LegCO.They said some people have already been arrested for violating the mask ban, and called on the authorities not to enforce it.They also echoed protesters' concerns that emergency powers could be used to impose any number of restrictions on people's rights and freedoms.Anyone who violates the mask ban could face a prison term of up to one year and a fine of up to HK$25,000.Police can also order people to remove face masks. Those who refuse could get six months in prison or a HK$10,000 fine.Reported by Wong Lok-to for RFA's Cantonese Service, and by Lu Xi for the Mandarin Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Asian Shares Rise On U.S.-China Trade Talk OptimismRTT News (United States)October 28, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 653 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       Asian stocks rose on Monday as the European Union agreed to London's request for a Brexit deadline extension and reports suggested that Washington and Beijing are close to finalizing parts of a trade pact. U.S. and Chinese officials said they are "close to finalizing" some parts of a phase one trade deal after high-level telephone discussions on Friday. U.S. President Donald Trump has said he plans to sign the deal with Chinese President Xi Jinping at a summit in Chile next month.  Chinese stocks ended on a firmer note amid the apparent headway in U.S.-China trade talks and gains by technology stocks after Beijing pledged more support for the sector.  The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index jumped 25.12 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,980.05, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index climbed 223.87 points, or 0.8 percent, to 26,891.26. Investors shrugged off a government report showing that Chinese industrial profits declined at a faster pace in September as producer prices continued to fall.  Industrial profits decreased 5.3 percent year-on-year after easing 2 percent in August, reflecting a faster drop in industrial product prices and a slower rise in sales. Japanese shares hit a one-year high amid hopes of a U.S.-China trade deal as soon as next month. The Nikkei 225 Index rose 67.46 points, or 0.3 percent, to 22,867.27, the highest level in a year, while the broader Topix finished little changed at 1,648.43. Semiconductor-related shares surged after Intel beat third-quarter earnings estimates. Sumco jumped 5.3 percent, Minebea Mitsumi soared 4.5 percent and Advantest added 3.8 percent. Robot manufacturer Fanuc gained 2.1 percent and transport firm Mitsui OSK Lines surged 1.5 percent.  Meanwhile, the Australian markets ended on a flat note. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 Index and the broader All Ordinaries Index both inched by 1.50 points to close at 6,740.70 and 6,842.50, respectively.  Firm commodity prices helped lift miners, with BHP rising 1.1 percent and Fortescue Metals Group climbing 2.2 percent. Energy stocks ended largely unchanged despite oil prices holding on to last week's strong gains on expectations of supply cuts by OPEC and falling U.S. inventories. IOOF Holdings gained 1.2 percent after the Australian Securities and Investments Commission imposed additional license conditions on the wealth manager that include the appointment of vetted independent directors and increased internal monitoring.  Rural Funds Group rallied 2.3 percent after it agreed to sell its network of 17 poultry farms to ProTen Investment Management for a combined A$72 million and reinvest in three cattle properties in Western Australia.  Virgin Australia lost 3.1 percent on fundraising reports. Metals and electronics recycler Sims Metal Management slumped 8.8 percent after forecasting an underlying core earnings loss for the first half. In economic news, Fitch Ratings has maintained Australia's sovereign ratings at 'AAA' with a stable outlook and said the rating is supported by its flexible policy framework that underpin positive economic growth. Seoul stocks rose for the third straight day after reports that the U.S. and China are making progress in trade discussions. Hopes for a turnaround in the semiconductor market also underpinned sentiment.  The benchmark Kospi inched up 5.71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,093.60, closing above the 2,090 mark for the first time since September 24th. Markets in Singapore, India, New Zealand and Malaysia were closed for holidays. U.S. stocks rose on Friday as Intel boosted its revenue forecast and a statement from the U.S. Trade Representative's office said the U.S. and China have made progress toward finalizing a phase one trade deal. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 0.6 percent, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite rose 0.7 percent and the S&P; 500 added 0.4 percent to reach their best closing levels in three months.        Load-Date: January 24, 2020End of Document

Comedy Central to Stream 24 Straight Hours of Stand-Up Specials on YouTubeIndiewire TVOctober 16, 2019Copyright 2019 Penske Media Corporation All Rights ReservedLength: 423 wordsBodySometimes Comedy Central really just lives up to its name, and tomorrow is one of those times. Starting Thursday, October 17 (at 11 p.m. ET/8 p.m. PT), the comedy-centric network will be streaming 24 straight hours of its half-hour            stand-up specials on its            Stand-Up YouTube channel.The "24 Hours of Stand-Up" livestream-featuring stand-up performances from over 60 comedians-will also serve as lead-up to the season premiere of "Comedy Central Stand-Up Presents..."With stand-up performances spanning the past two decades in comedy, the livestream will feature sets from a number of major comedians before they broke big. That includes comedians like Patton Oswalt (1999), Kevin Hart (2004), Amy Schumer (2010), Donald Glover (2010), Natasha Leggero (2011), and Michael Che (2014), among many, many others. Post-live stream, each of these stand-up specials will also air on Pluto TV (on the Comedy Central Stand-Up channel) throughout the weekend.Pluto TV and Comedy Central are two of the entities who will be impacted by the upcoming CBS-Viacom merger. In an analysis after the deal was announced from IndieWire's Chris Lindahl and Tyler Hersko, the duo wrote:"ViacomCBS now has control over several streaming services, such as CBS All Access, Pluto TV, and the Showtime streaming platform. Although it's not unusual for entertainment conglomerates to operate multiple streaming services, none of ViacomCBS's streaming offerings operate on the financial level of platforms such as Netflix or Hulu. CBS All Access has never figured out a way to adequately markets its incredible library offerings; Viacom has the same rich source of content and the same plight - if they ever figure out what to do with Comedy Central digitally, Netflix's burgeoning comedy slate should run scared.It's unlikely that the company will consolidate all of its streaming services into a single entity - Disney recently announced it would instead offer a bundle of its subscription services for a discount - but ViacomCBS needs to find a succinct way to capitalize on owning multiple streaming platforms in the future.""Comedy Central Stand-Up Presents..." then returns for its third season on October 18 (at 11 p.m. ET) with two back-to-back episodes, featuring Jaboukie Young-White and Vanessa Gonzales. Watch a preview for the live stream below.More from IndieWire'South Park' Fires Back at China After Series Ban: 'F*ck the Chinese Government'           LGBTQ Creators Are Suing YouTube for Discrimination, Claiming Site Hides ContentLoad-Date: October 16, 2019End of Document

3 Ways to Avoid Recycling Contaminationwaste360.comOctober 11, 2019Copyright 2019 Informa Business Media, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 1206 wordsBodySponsored by AMCSThe recent changes in the recycling commodity market underline one very dirty problem with the current global recycling system – contamination.    The vast majority of recyclable material which was being collected and shipped over-seas was filled with contaminated material. Previously, China, the largest importer of recyclable material, looked past the recycling contamination issue as they focused on keeping a steady stream of material to supply their rapidly growing industrial manufacturing economy.In 2018, the Chinese government decided they wanted to clean up their own act, by implementing new strict standards on imported recyclable material. The new regulations basically shut down the export of recyclable plastic and fiber materials from Western countries including Western Europe and the US. With nowhere else to turn, domestic recycling companies in the US are being forced to sell recyclable material at extremely low prices, or even put recycled material into storage and wait for the return of a better recycling commodities market. In worst-case scenarios, haulers like Massachusetts-based   EL Harvey   have been forced to ship their material to landfills as far away as Ohio, as local landfills are exceeding their intake limits.    Before we completely abandon recycling, there are a few ways to prevent contamination which could dramatically improve recycling rates.1. Prevent Contamination at the Source.Sorting materials is not as convenient as single stream recycling. It takes time and an honest effort to properly sort various recyclables. While it may not be easy, it is the best way to avoid contamination. Make sure you take the time to rinse out your plastics bottles, glass containers and metal cans. Products with content still in them are much more likely to be rejected from recycling facilities.    Also, it is important not to put these goods in plastic bags. Single use plastic bags are not recyclable and actually are one of the biggest problem causers in the recycling process.    By preventing contamination at the source there is a much greater likelihood that material does not end up in a landfill.1. Prevent Contamination at the Source.After recyclable material leaves your residence or business it often ends up at a facility called a Materials Recovery facility or a “MRF". The MRF is where large scale sorting takes place. MRF’s are traditionally staffed with dozens of humans attempting to do the impossible; sort through tons of waste and recycling streams to pick out and sort material as they rapidly move across conveyor belts. The job is difficult and can be quite dangerous. Despite the combined efforts of human and technology, lots of material still escapes the MRF and ends up in the landfill.Luckily, companies like   Amp Robotics   are gaining traction for their sorting robots. The artificially intelligent picking devices are programmed to learn to pick and sort recyclable materials, very similar to a person except faster and with even more accuracy. It will take time- even years before these machines are able to work with the precision needed to perfect their abilities, but they are already having a dramatic impact on the recycling market.Waste and Recycling Companies are improving their own internal technology stacks to add operational efficiency and gather important recycling data from their customers.    By using mobile technology to document recycling contamination at the source operators can identify repeat recycling contamination offenders and then communicate with their customer the importance of proper recycling.1. Prevent Contamination at the Source.Perhaps the most pressing issue with recycling is an uninformed public. Many people do not know which materials can be recycled or how to recycle them. Also, people do not realize the damaging effects of not recycling.    People should realize that there are plenty of ways to recycle the majority of waste you generate in your household. Organizations like   Recycle Smart   in Massachusetts can keep you informed of what can go in your residential recycling container.Even if you cannot recycle material in your weekly residential recycling route, there are plenty of companies looking to recycle almost everything you discard. Scrap Metal recycling facilities will gladly take any scrap from home remodeling projects or throwing away large appliances. In most cases they will actually pay you for your used metal products.    Electronics recyclers will take your used computers, phones, and various electronic devices and recycle the precious metals stored within. Some municipalities even offer food and organics recycling programs, where they pick up food scraps, and turn the material into compost that is used for agriculture. Before you simply throw items in the garbage, consider all recycling avenues.    Municipal organizations have already begun to put in place Zero Waste Initiatives to eliminate as much waste as possible.    Zero Waste does not just focus on recycling, but also emphasizes the avoidance of disposal in the first place. It stresses not using one-use disposable materials like plastic water bottles and focuses on adding efficiencies in processing waste, and reducing CO2 Emissions by optimizing municipal transportation routes, etc.   The City of Berkeley California   for example has a Zero Waste Initiative that aims to completely eliminate landfill usage by the end of 2020.   Boston, Massachusetts   just launched their Zero Waste Initiative this summer to work aggressively for a cleaner city/world.1. Prevent Contamination at the Source.Of course, there are the rather unattractive alternatives if we choose not to prevent recycling contamination. Simply landfilling more recyclable material or burning recyclables at waste to energy facilities are two likely methods. Waste-to-Energy plants have gained some amount attention, because unlike landfills, they do not leave materials to degrade for thousands of years in the ground. Waste-to-Energy plants burn material and convert the heat into electricity. While scrubbers, and other pollution prevention methods have been deployed at Waste-to-Energy Facilities to improve the environmental viability of burning waste streams, there is still a significant damaging impact on the environment from air pollution and carbon emissions.    Modern landfills have also improved by using natural gas that builds up to create energy. Still, these two methods of waste disposal should only be looked to as a last resort, after recycling.1. Prevent Contamination at the Source.Recycling Contamination is a huge issue and it is at the root of the recent recycling crisis. Landfill usage, and waste-to-energy plants are the unfortunate alternative if we do not clean up our act. Luckily, there are ways to avoid this bleak scenario. A combination of improving recycling efforts, as well as advancing technology provide a path towards a brighter future for recycling. While we can lean on technology to dramatically improve recycling facilities, we still need to consider our own direct effort to prevent recycling contamination at the source. In the end, we all need to work together to build a cleaner world.Load-Date: October 14, 2019End of Document

Austin organization, students hold rally to support protesters in Hong KongThe Daily Texan: University of Texas - AustinSeptember 30, 2019 MondayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 398 wordsByline: Jennifer XiaBodyNearly 100 students, children and families dressed in black and carried yellow umbrellas during a rally at the Capitol Sunday to speak out against reports of human and civil rights abuses against Hong Kong protesters.The rally was hosted by Texans Supporting Hong Kong, an organization that stands in solidarity with people protesting in Hong Kong, according to their Facebook page. The rally was part of a larger "Global Anti-Totalitarianism rally" occurring around the world as China's National Day approaches Tuesday, according to the Wall Street Journal.Austin has one of the fastest growing Asian communities in the U.S., according to the 2016 City Demographer's Provisional Report. Public health freshman Jessie Hui said she thought it was weird that a rally was not being planned for Sunday and decided to organize one herself because the movement is personal to her."I grew up in Hong Kong and moved here in 2007," Hui said. "I've lived in Texas longer, but Hong Kong has always been my home."During the rally, students chanted and lined the south steps of the Capitol holding posters illustrating five demands. The five demands include withdrawing the extradition bill, discarding the "riot" characterization of protests, inquiring police brutality, releasing those who have been arrested and implementing universal suffrage."My biggest intention with the rally is to let (Hong Kong) know they don't stand alone, that around the world there are people supporting them," Hui said.UT history professor Madeline Hsu spoke at the rally and said she was proud of the students who participated."Due to the repression of legitimate political expression, I am so admiring of these students that are taking these steps to bring people together to express these really important causes," Hsu said.Chemical engineering sophomore Michael Montez said he visited Hong Kong over the summer and wanted to support the close friends he had made there."It seems like in America, people don't care that much, but Hong Kong is struggling with something so core to the American identity - democracy and suffrage," Montez said.Hui said she was so touched by the turnout at the rally and was close to tears from the beginning."Honestly, I don't think that (the Chinese government) actually cares about any protesting, but it's something we still have to do regardless," Hui said. "Don't underestimate us."Load-Date: September 30, 2019End of Document

FACULTY RECEIVE NATIONAL ACADEMIES' EARLY-CAREER RESEARCH FELLOWSHIPSUS Fed NewsSeptember 30, 2019 Monday 12:45 PM  ESTCopyright 2019 HT Media Ltd. All Rights ReservedLength: 806 wordsBodyBOCA RATON, Fla., Sept. 30 -- Florida Atlantic University issued the following news release:Florida Atlantic University's Andia Chaves Fonnegra, Ph.D. and Yufei Tang, Ph.D., have received The Gulf Research Program's 2019 Early-Career Research Fellowships of The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine. Now in its fifth year, the fellowship program supports the development of emerging scientific leaders who are prepared to work at the intersections of environmental health, community health and resilience and offshore energy system safety in the Gulf of Mexico and other coastal regions in the United States."Professors Tang and Fonnegra are among an elite group of early-career researchers around the nation who have demonstrated exceptional scientific and technical skills as well as the ability to work effectively across a multitude of disciplines," said Stella Batalama, Ph.D., dean of FAU's College of Engineering and Computer Science. "Receiving this prestigious fellowship will allow them to take risks on bold research ideas, pursue unique collaborations, and build a network of colleagues who share their interest in improving offshore energy system safety and the resilience of coastal communities and ecosystems."The fellowships are awarded to individuals who demonstrate a strong scientific or technical background, superior scholarship, effective communication skills and an ability to work across disciplines, among other attributes. Nearly 70 Early-Career Fellowships have been awarded since 2015. The Gulf Research Program's Early-Career Research Fellowship helps researchers during the critical pre-tenure phase of their careers. Fellows are provided with a $76,000 financial award along with mentoring support to help them navigate this period with independence, flexibility and a built-in support network."We couldn't be more proud of Drs. Fonnegra and Tang for being selected as recipients of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine's early-career research fellowships," said James Sullivan, Ph.D., executive director of FAU's Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institute. "They excel in their respective fields of marine biology, oceanography, big data and system analytics and marine structures and systems engineering. Their contributions as research fellows will help to fulfill the National Academies' mission in the Gulf of Mexico and improve quality of life, resilience, and safety for our nation's coastal communities and ecosystems."Fonnegra is an assistant professor of biology in FAU's Harriet L. Wilkes Honors College and Harbor Branch, one of the University's four research pillars. She previously conducted postdoctoral research at the University of Mississippi, University of the Virgin Islands and Nova Southeastern University, where she received her Ph.D. in oceanography and marine biology. She holds an M.S. degree from Universidad Nacional de Colombia and a B.S. degree from Universidad Jorge Tadeo Lozano, both in marine biology. Fonnegra was a UNESCO-L'Oreal Young Women in Science Fellow and a fellow at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute. At FAU, she oversees the FAU Laboratory of Integrative Marine and Coastal Ecology, which focuses on understanding mechanisms that underlie changes in marine and coastal communities. Her own research focuses on enhancing management of marine ecosystems by determining how ecological interactions are altered by anthropogenic activities and global impacts such as climate change and pollution.Tang is an assistant professor in the Department of Computer and Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in FAU's College of Engineering and Computer Science, and a fellow of FAU's Institute for Sensing and Embedded Network Systems (I-SENSE), one of the University's four research pillars. He received his Ph.D. in electrical engineering from the University of Rhode Island and his M.S. and B.Eng. degrees in electrical engineering and automation from Hohai University in China. His research interests are in the general areas of computational intelligence and cyber-physical systems and focuses on networked big data and system analytics and predictive maintenance of marine structures/systems. Tang has current collaborations with many research institutions, including FAU's Southeast National Marine Renewable Energy Center, FAU's Harbor Branch and the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. He is the recipient of the University of Rhode Island's Steve Bouley and Rhonda Wilson Graduate Fellowship, the Chinese Government Award for Outstanding Student Abroad, and Best Paper awards from the IEEE Power &#38; Energy Society General Meeting and International Conference on Communications. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.comLoad-Date: October 1, 2019End of Document

Sales of Flexible OLED Display Expand with Rise in Income among Middle-income Group in Asia Pacific - TMR; The Global Flexible OLED Display Market to Rise At 35% of CAGR Due Surge In Demand for Smartphone and Wearable DevicesGlobeNewswireSeptember 16, 2019 Monday 2:54 AM PTCopyright 2019 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights ReservedSection: PRESS RELEASES; RESEARCH ANALYSIS AND REPORTS; ECONOMIC RESEARCH AND REPORTS; INVESTMENT OPINIONLength: 1119 wordsBodyAlbany, New York, Sept.  16, 2019  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Geographies play a huge role in expanding any market or product. A similar factor is linked to the growth of the flexible OLED display market, especially in Asian countries. Most of the countries in Asia Pacific are lies in the bracket of middle-class families, where the demand for TV sets is extremely high. India, Vietnam, Brazil, and China are considered to be the leading regions having a high demand for advanced TV sets. Moreover, rising per capita income in these countries have inspired people to buy a television with high definition and other benefits including curved screen and light adjustment. In addition, a significant shift is seen from traditional watching experience to advanced technological display that has boosted growth in the global flexible OLED display market.In a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), Asia Pacific is considered to hold a leading position in the global flexible OLED display market in the coming years. Huge customer presence with a larger number of youth population having a high demand for laptops and smartphones having flexible OLED display further augmented growth in Asia Pacific flexible OLED display market. In terms of growth across the globe, the demand for flexible OLED display has also increased substantially.For exclusive market insights from experts on Flexible OLED Display Market - Request a BrochureWith reference to revenue generation, globally the flexible OLED display market is projected to generate nearly US$ 3 billion by the end of 2026. TMR estimates states that over the forecast period starting from 2017 to 2026, this market may experience astounding growth at 35%. Based on these estimates, the global flexible OLED display market is expected to rise stupendously in the coming years. It will also benefit stakeholders and players in the market significantly and also bring in huge growth opportunities for them.   Get Report Discount at https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=36602Smartphones and Laptops Diversified Growth Prospects in the Flexible OLED Display Market Technology being at the epicenter of every industry and rising dependency towards it has boosted demand for smartphones, desktops, and laptops. Flexible OLED display is required in making these electronic devices, which is considered to be a key factor behind the growth of this market. Players manufacturing laptops and smartphones are investing heavily in research and development activities to enhance the product quality and improve various features available in these devices to their customers. With a special focus of the leading players in innovation, there are high chances that the competition among these players will increase in the coming years.Request a Custom Report at https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=36602One of the recent initiatives taken by the leading player includes LG Display's joint venture in Guangzhou for OLED production that was approved by the Chinese government. In this plant, the company will mainly produce large-size OLED panels for television. For the company, it is regional expansion and it will also significantly benefit the growth in the flexible OLED display market.High Preference for Curved Display made it a Leading Segment In the global flexible OLED display market, the demand for curved display is comparatively high than foldable display. Though currently, this segment might hold maximum share in the market, there are high chances that in coming years this segment might losses its dominance. Estimates presented in the report shows that over the projected tenure, the revenue share of this segment may cross US 180 million that was earned in 2017. Regionally, Asia Pacific excluding Japan is the most preferred region for the growth curved display. However, the chances of Japan holding a high share in this curved display segment are considered to be more during the forecast period. This factor will be considered by the players before making their strategies and establishing themselves in Asia Pacific region.Request For Multiple Chapters - https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=MC&rep_id=36602The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR) titled "Flexible OLED Display Market (Control Scheme - PMOLED, and AMOLED; Flexibility Type - Curved Display, and Foldable Display; Application - Lighting, Smartphones, Television, Monitor, Wearables, and Others) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 - 2026".The global flexible OLED display market has been segmented as below:Control Scheme• PMOLED Market• AMOLED MarketFlexibility Type• Curved Display• Foldable DisplayApplication• Lighting• Smart Phones• Television• Monitor• Wearable Region • North America• Europe• Asia Pacific• Latin America• Middle East & AfricaPopular Research Reports by TMR:  • OLED Display Market - https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/oled-displays.html• OLED Driver Panel Market - https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/oled-driver-panel-market.html • Flexible Electronics Market - https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/flexible-electronics-market.htmlAbout UsTransparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through ad hoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision."Browse our Blogs for More Research Insights: https://tmrblog.com/ |            https://www.europlat.org/ |            https://newsregal.comContact UsMr. Rohit BhiseyTransparency Market ResearchState Tower,90 State Street,Suite 700,Albany NY - 12207United StatesTel: +1-518-618-1030USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.comWebsite: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com             Research Blog: https://qbnnews.com   Load-Date: September 17, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ETBriefing.comSeptember 10, 2019 Tuesday 2:25 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2688 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 10-Sep-19The market at 14:00 ETDow: -5.96...Nasdaq: -24.27... S&P: -7.06...NYSE Vol: 454.0 mln.. Adv: 1732.. Dec: 1074Nasdaq Vol: 1.45 bln.. Adv: 1938.. Dec: 1063Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades lower amid retreat in tech; value-oriented sectors like energy and retail see continued strength-- Market sees a recent uptick on news that China is expected to agree to purchase more agriculture products at October trade meeting; seeks concessions from U.S.-- Underperformance in high-growth, high-beta names-- Oil prices and Treasury yields remain higherStrong: Energy, Communication ServicesWeak: Information Technology, Health Care, Real Estate, Consumer Discretionary14:00 ETDow -5.96 at 26829.53, Nasdaq -24.27 at 8063.2, S&P -7.06 at 2971.37[BRIEFING.COM] The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite remains at the bottom of the sector standings, though comfortably off session lows.Gold futures settled $11.90 lower (-0.8%) to $1,499.20/oz, below the $1,500 level for the first time in five weeks.The U.S. Dollar Index sits less than 0.1% higher to 98.35.Apple's (AAPL 213.82, -0.35, -0.16%) iPhone event remains ongoing and the company announced the latest iteration of its iPhone line in the last 30 minutes -- the iPhone 11. Also announced in the last half hour were Apple Health partnerships and a new Apple Watch.13:30 ETDow -18.80 at 26816.69, Nasdaq -29.38 at 8058.09, S&P -8.98 at 2969.45[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages haven't shifted much in the last half hour; the Nasdaq Composite sits 0.36% lower, the S&P 500 sheds 0.30%, and the DJIA loses 0.07%.Top decliners in the Dow Jones Industrial Average include Visa (V 175.06, -6.49, -3.57%), McDonald's (MCD 209.92, -7.34, -3.38%), and American Express (AXP 116.94, -2.98, -2.48%).Conversely, chemical giant Dow (DOW 45.68, +1.23, +2.77%) sits atop the index.Also, Apple's (AAPL 215.71, +1.54, +0.72%) iPhone event started after the bottom of the hour; the company thus far has discussed its Arcade service (available Sept. 19 at $4.99 per month) and the AppleTV+ service which will be available on Nov. 1 starting at $4.99 per month and offer one year of free AppleTV+ with a new device purchase. Also announced new 10.2" iPad.The DJIA's modest move lower leaves the index 0.18% lower since the start of August.Elsewhere, at the top of the hour, the Treasury's $38 bln 3-year note auction drew a high yield of 1.573% on a bid-to-cover of 2.42.12:55 ETDow +14.61 at 26850.1, Nasdaq -12.71 at 8074.76, S&P -4.11 at 2974.32[BRIEFING.COM] The stock market trades mixed, as investors shift away from crowded areas of the market and into more value-oriented sectors like energy and retail. The S&P 500 is down 0.1%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 0.1%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.1%. The Russell 2000 (+1.2%) outperforms for the second straight day.Today's action has reflected much of yesterday's value trade that benefits underperforming areas of the stock market, most notably the S&P 500 energy sector (+1.8%) and SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT 43.36, +0.93, +2.2%). An upturn in Boeing (BA 366.34, +7.56, +2.1%) and many of the transportation stocks has had a similar effect on the industrials sector (+0.5%).The gains in these areas, however, are coming at the expense of crowded groups like the S&P 500 information technology sector (-0.9%), which is the S&P 500's most heavily-weighted sector. The real estate sector (-1.7%), which investors had piled into for its higher dividend yields and low-beta disposition, is today's worst performer.Allowing today's value trade to play out are the improved views on trade and growth, which have helped some money flow out of the Treasury market and drive yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up seven basis points to 1.64%, and the 10-yr yield is up seven basis points to 1.69%. The U.S. Dollar Index is unchanged at 98.35.Separately, the market saw a sharp uptick on a report from the South China Morning Post indicating that China is ready to purchase more agricultural products from the U.S. The caveat, though, is that China would want the U.S. to agree to delay tariffs and ease its supply ban on Huawei. Nothing material has transpired, but the report likely triggered some algorithms.Some story stocks today include Wendy's (WEN 19.45, -2.50, -11.4%) and Ford Motor (F 9.28, -0.26, -2.9%). Wendy's is down big after the company lowered its earnings guidance to reflect costs needed to expand its breakfast menu nationwide. Ford Motor is down after its senior unsecured debt was downgraded to "junk status" at Moody's.Reviewing today's economic data, which included the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August and the JOLTS - Job Opening report for July.The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August declined to 103.1 from 104.7 in July. The August reading was its lowest in five months, but the index remains running at elevated levels.The July Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey showed that job openings declined to 7.217 million from a revised 7.248 million in June (from 7.348 million).As a reminder, Apple's (AAPL 214.13, -0.10, -0.1%) annual product event is expected to start within the next few minutes.12:25 ETDow +2.20 at 26837.69, Nasdaq -19.78 at 8067.69, S&P -6.80 at 2971.63[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 has come well off its lows (-0.7%) and now trades near its highs with a loss of 0.2%.The recent move in the market has come amid a further increase in U.S. Treasury yields, as investors continue to leave the crowded U.S. Treasury market. Currently, the benchmark 10-yr note yield is up six basis points to 1.68%.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows Facebook (FB 186.85, -1.91, -1.0%) leading the group lower. Apple (AAPL 213.84, -0.34, -0.2%), Amazon (AMZN 1821.60, -9.75, -0.5%), Netflix (NFLX 293.22, -0.80, -0.3%) hold modest losses, while Alphabet (GOOG 1205.88, +0.14, +0.1%) is up 0.1%.11:55 ETDow +6.78 at 26842.27, Nasdaq -34.79 at 8052.68, S&P -9.79 at 2968.64[BRIEFING.COM] The market has seen a recent uptick on news that China is expected to agree to purchase more agriculture products at the October trade meeting. The S&P 500 is down 0.3%, while the Dow is up 0.1%.The news was reported by the South China Morning Post, whose sources also said China, in exchange, would ask the U.S. to delay tariffs increases and ease a supply ban against Huawei. The report has likely triggered the algorithms, as it's unclear if the U.S. will agree to the deal.Overseas, the major European indices closed on a higher note. Germany's DAX increased 0.3%, UK's FTSE increased 0.4%, and France's CAC increased 0.1%. The Europe Stoxx 600 increased 0.1%.11:25 ETDow -84.51 at 26750.98, Nasdaq -68.45 at 8019.02, S&P -19.88 at 2958.55[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to waver in negative territory. The S&P 500 is down 0.6%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.7%.Semiconductor stocks are struggling today, evidenced by the losses seen in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%). Applied Materials (AMAT 49.82, -0.84, -1.7%) has shown relative weakness. On the other hand, the Dow Jones Transportation Average (+0.9%) is seeing continued strength from yesterday.Separately, HD Supply Holdings (HDS 37.44, -3.38, -8.3%) has dropped 8% after the company issued downside guidance for the third quarter and lowered its FY20 guidance. HD Supply is an industrial distributor in North America.11:00 ETDow -116.25 at 26719.24, Nasdaq -62.38 at 8025.09, S&P -18.92 at 2959.51[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down near session lows with a loss of 0.7%. Yesterday's "value" trade has weakened a bit with the S&P 500 financials sector (-0.5%) sliding into the red.The energy sector, which is up 1.7%, continues to uphold its end of the value bargain. Another gain in the price of oil ($58.63/bbl, +0.80, +1.4%) has been a nice support for the group.Separately, shares of Boeing (BA 363.00, +4.35) are up 1.2%, giving the price-weighed Dow (-0.4%) some support.10:25 ETDow -65.90 at 26769.59, Nasdaq -49.23 at 8038.24, S&P -15.08 at 2963.35[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades down 0.5% as the retreat in technology shares continues.The broader information technology sector is down 1.3%, and the consumer discretionary sector is down 1.2%. The underpeformance in Microsoft (MSFT 135.22, -2.26, -1.6%) and Amazon (AMZN 1814.95, -16.40, -0.9%) today has reflected broader efforts to take profits from cyclical stocks that have outperformed.Other notable laggards include Ford Motor (F 9.13, -0.42, -4.4%) and Wendy's (WEN 19.67, -2.28, -10.5%). Moody's downgraded Ford's senior unsecured rating to "junk status," citing a weak financial outlook. Wendy's is down after it lowered its earnings guidance to reflect its efforts to launch a breakfast menu nationwide.10:00 ETDow -68.99 at 26766.5, Nasdaq -76.19 at 8011.28, S&P -18.86 at 2959.57[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.6%, and the Russell 2000 trades lower by 0.4%.Just in, the July Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey showed that job openings declined to 7.217 million from a revised 7.248 million in June (from 7.348 million).09:40 ETDow -66.98 at 26768.51, Nasdaq -61.64 at 8025.83, S&P -15.02 at 2963.41[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day on a lower note. The S&P 500 is down 0.4%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.7%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows the information technology (-1.2%) and health care (-1.0%) sectors leading today's decline. The energy (+1.1%) and financials (+0.3%) sectors are the lone sectors up today amid higher oil prices ($58.08, +0.23, +0.4%) and higher U.S. Treasury yields. The groups might also be benefiting from a value-oriented trade.The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.60%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.65%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.36.09:15 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -33.80.The stock market is on pace to open slightly lower with the S&P 500 futures trading seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value following a dull pre-market session.Apple's (AAPL 213.76, -0.41, -0.2%) annual product event at 1:00 p.m. ET today is an obligatory news headline, although expectations aren't too high this year.Elsewhere, some eyebrows have been raised after Wendy's (WEN 20.51, -1.44, -6.6%) announced plans to launch a breakfast menu next year, Moody's downgraded Ford Motor's (F 9.15, -0.39, -4.1%) senior unsecured rating to "junk status," and HD Supply Holdings (HDS 39.00, -1.82, -4.5%) lowered its FY20 guidance.Other than that, there isn't a lot of "new" macro news today. Investors might look to see if yesterday's "value" trade plays out again, where recent underperforming stocks outperform.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -30.00.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mixed note. China reported hotter than expected inflation figures for August due to an ongoing pork shortage. Jilin Transportation Investment Group elected to not exercise a call option on a perpetual note and will instead pay a higher coupon, which is likely to invite concerns about the group's cash position. Bloomberg noted that this was the first time that a Chinese local government financing vehicle did not exercise a call option on its debt. North Korea fired two projectiles into the East Sea, shortly after a DPRK official indicated that North Korea is ready for another round of talks with U.S. officials.In economic data: China's August CPI +0.7% m/m (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%); +2.8% yr/yr (expected 2.6%; last 2.8%). August PPI -0.8% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%) Japan's flash August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%) Australia's August NAB Business Confidence 1 (last 4) New Zealand's August Electronic Card Retail Sales +1.1% m/m (last -0.1%); +2.8% yr/yr (last 1.6%)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: +0.4% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: UNCH China's Shanghai Composite: -0.1% India's Sensex: Closed for Moharram South Korea's Kospi: +0.6% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: -0.5%Major European indices trade mostly lower. Germany's Finance Minister, Olaf Scholz, presented a draft 2020 budget, which does not call for increased debt issuance. French Budget Minister, Gerald Darmanin, said that the French government expects 2020 GDP growth of 1.4% while the budget deficit is expected to be between 2.1% and 2.2% of GDP. Italy's Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, survived his first confidence vote in the Chamber of Deputies.In economic data: U.K.'s July Average Earnings Index + Bonus +4.0% yr/yr (expected 3.7%; last 3.8%). July Claimant Count Change 28,200 (expected 29,300; last 19,800), and July Unemployment Rate 3.8% (expected 3.9%; last 3.9%) France's July Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected 0.5%; last -2.3%) and Q2 Nonfarm Payrolls +0.2% qtr/qtr (last 0.4%) Italy's July Industrial Production -0.7% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.3%); -0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.3%; last -1.2%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: -0.3% Germany's DAX: +0.3% U.K.'s FTSE 100: -0.1% France's CAC 40: -0.1% Italy's FTSE MIB: -0.5% Spain's IBEX 35: -0.1%08:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -32.80.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value.HD Supply Holdings (HDS 38.25, -2.57, -6.3%) has dropped 6.3% in pre-market action after the industrial distributor issued downside Q3 guidance and lowered its FY20 guidance.Separately, Fox Corporation (FOXA 33.83, -0.47, -1.4%) and Kinder Morgan (KMI 20.19, -0.22, -1.1%) are seeing relative weakness after being downgraded by analysts. FOXA was lowered to Underweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities and KMI was lowered to Hold from Buy at Argus.07:58 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -31.50.The S&P 500 futures trade six points, or 0.2%, below fair value after a flat day yesterday. Some consolidation appears to be taking shape after a recent stretch of gains, while the market awaits some key events later this week.For the moment, the narrative in the market's mind is that U.S. consumer spending could continue to support growth and that trade tensions with China may not escalate before their trade talks in October. China's Premier Li Kegiang reportedly repeated Beijing's willingness to make trade progress.At the same time, the market is holding steady in front of an ECB policy decision on Thursday and the Retail Sales Report for August on Friday, which could alter the market's assumptions about growth. Today, though, many investors will tune in to Apple's (AAPL 213.73, -0.44, -0.2%) annual product event at 1:00 p.m. ET, where it will likely unveil its latest iPhone.In economic data, investors will receive the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for July at 10:00 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August declined to 103.1 from 104.7 in July.U.S. Treasuries are slightly lower, nudging yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.64%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 98.45. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $58.42/bbl, which could continue to benefit the oil-sensitive energy stocks that have bounced back this month.In U.S. Corporate news:Apple (AAPL 213.73, -0.44): -0.2% ahead of its annual Special Event at 1:00 p.m. ET. Wendy's (WEN 20.00, -1.95): -8.9% after lowering its earnings guidance to reflect costs incurred to launch a breakfast menu in 2020. Ford Motor (F 9.19, -0.35): -3.7% after Moody's downgraded its senior unsecured rating to Ba1, or "junk rating," from Baa3.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +0.4%, Hong KoBriefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 10, 2019End of Document

Domino's, Target post gains while Qiagen, Ambarella declineAssociated Press InternationalOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 8:38 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 195 wordsDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Tuesday.Hawaiian Holdings Inc., up $1.79 to $27The owner of Hawaiian Airlines reported solid passenger growth in September.Qiagen NV, down $6.65 to $25.41The diagnostics products maker warned investors about weak third-quarter sales, and its CEO resigned.AZZ Inc., down $5.89 to $37.12The electrical equipment maker postponed the release of its fiscal second-quarter results.Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., down $6.39 to $161.93The U.S. government is considering restricting U.S. investments in Chinese companies, which could hurt the online retailer.Domino's Pizza Inc., up $11.27 to $253.48The pizza chain announced plans to buy back $1 billion in common stock.Ambarella Inc., down $5.43 to $51.79Chipmakers face sales restrictions in China after the U.S. government blacklisted 28 Chinese organizations over alleged human rights violations.Target Corp., up 57 cents to $108.52Tru Kids Brands is teaming up with the retailer to relaunch Toysrus.com.Bank of America Corp., down 68 cents to $27.63Bank stocks slid as falling bond rates made it more difficult to charge more profitable interest rates on loans.Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Domino's, Target post gains while Qiagen, Ambarella declineAssociated Press Financial WireOctober 8, 2019 Tuesday 8:38 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Associated Press All Rights ReservedSection: BUSINESS NEWSLength: 195 wordsDateline: NEW YORK BodyNEW YORK (AP) - Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Tuesday.Hawaiian Holdings Inc., up $1.79 to $27The owner of Hawaiian Airlines reported solid passenger growth in September.Qiagen NV, down $6.65 to $25.41The diagnostics products maker warned investors about weak third-quarter sales, and its CEO resigned.AZZ Inc., down $5.89 to $37.12The electrical equipment maker postponed the release of its fiscal second-quarter results.Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., down $6.39 to $161.93The U.S. government is considering restricting U.S. investments in Chinese companies, which could hurt the online retailer.Domino's Pizza Inc., up $11.27 to $253.48The pizza chain announced plans to buy back $1 billion in common stock.Ambarella Inc., down $5.43 to $51.79Chipmakers face sales restrictions in China after the U.S. government blacklisted 28 Chinese organizations over alleged human rights violations.Target Corp., up 57 cents to $108.52Tru Kids Brands is teaming up with the retailer to relaunch Toysrus.com.Bank of America Corp., down 68 cents to $27.63Bank stocks slid as falling bond rates made it more difficult to charge more profitable interest rates on loans.Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 07:58 ETBriefing.comSeptember 10, 2019 Tuesday 8:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1397 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 10-Sep-1907:58 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -31.50.The S&P 500 futures trade six points, or 0.2%, below fair value after a flat day yesterday. Some consolidation appears to be taking shape after a recent stretch of gains, while the market awaits some key events later this week.For the moment, the narrative in the market's mind is that U.S. consumer spending could continue to support growth and that trade tensions with China may not escalate before their trade talks in October. China's Premier Li Kegiang reportedly repeated Beijing's willingness to make trade progress.At the same time, the market is holding steady in front of an ECB policy decision on Thursday and the Retail Sales Report for August on Friday, which could alter the market's assumptions about growth. Today, though, many investors will tune in to Apple's (AAPL 213.73, -0.44, -0.2%) annual product event at 1:00 p.m. ET, where it will likely unveil its latest iPhone.In economic data, investors will receive the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for July at 10:00 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August declined to 103.1 from 104.7 in July.U.S. Treasuries are slightly lower, nudging yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.64%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 98.45. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $58.42/bbl, which could continue to benefit the oil-sensitive energy stocks that have bounced back this month.In U.S. Corporate news:Apple (AAPL 213.73, -0.44): -0.2% ahead of its annual Special Event at 1:00 p.m. ET. Wendy's (WEN 20.00, -1.95): -8.9% after lowering its earnings guidance to reflect costs incurred to launch a breakfast menu in 2020. Ford Motor (F 9.19, -0.35): -3.7% after Moody's downgraded its senior unsecured rating to Ba1, or "junk rating," from Baa3.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +0.4%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng UNCH, China's Shanghai Composite -0.1%, India's Sensex Closed for Moharram, South Korea's Kospi +0.6%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.5%.In economic data:China's August CPI +0.7% m/m (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%); +2.8% yr/yr (expected 2.6%; last 2.8%). August PPI -0.8% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)Japan's flash August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%)Australia's August NAB Business Confidence 1 (last 4New Zealand's August Electronic Card Retail Sales +1.1% m/m (last -0.1%); +2.8% yr/yr (last 1.6%)In news:China reported hotter than expected inflation figures for August due to an ongoing pork shortage.Jilin Transportation Investment Group elected to not exercise a call option on a perpetual note and will instead pay a higher coupon, which is likely to invite concerns about the group's cash position. Bloomberg noted that this was the first time that a Chinese local government financing vehicle did not exercise a call option on its debt.North Korea fired two projectiles into the East Sea, shortly after a DPRK official indicated that North Korea is ready for another round of talks with U.S. officials.Major European indices trade mostly lower. STOXX Europe 600 -0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.2%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.2%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.1%.In economic data:U.K.'s July Average Earnings Index + Bonus +4.0% yr/yr (expected 3.7%; last 3.8%). July Claimant Count Change 28,200 (expected 29,300; last 19,800), and July Unemployment Rate 3.8% (expected 3.9%; last 3.9%)France's July Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected 0.5%; last -2.3%) and Q2 Nonfarm Payrolls +0.2% qtr/qtr (last 0.4%)Italy's July Industrial Production -0.7% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.3%); -0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.3%; last -1.2%)In news:Germany's Finance Minister, Olaf Scholz, presented a draft 2020 budget, which does not call for increased debt issuance. French Budget Minister, Gerald Darmanin, said that the French government expects 2020 GDP growth of 1.4% while the budget deficit is expected to be between 2.1% and 2.2% of GDP.Italy's Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, survived his first confidence vote in the Chamber of Deputies.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.60.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21,392.10...+73.70...+0.40%. Hang Seng...26,683.68...+2.30...0.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7,228.10...-7.50...-0.10%. DAX...12,206.28...-20.00...-0.20%.16:25 ETDow +38.05 at 26835.49, Nasdaq -15.64 at 8087.47, S&P -0.28 at 2978.43[BRIEFING.COM] The large-cap U.S. indices finished little changed on Monday, with gains in energy and financial stocks helping offset the losses in the technology and health care stocks. The S&P 500 (-0.01%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.2%), and Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%) finished near their flat lines.The small-cap Russell 2000 (+1.3%), which is home to many energy and financial stocks, outperformed the broader market.The market entered today on the heels of a two-week rally, with some investors beginning to feel less concerned about growth prospects and trade relations with China. For instance, data has shown the U.S. consumer to be resilient in the face of trade tensions, which could see a reprieve with trade talks coming up next month.This positive sentiment was manifested in the higher oil prices ($57.87/bbl, +$1.42, +2.5%) and the selling in the Treasury market on Monday. In turn, the S&P 500 financials (+1.5%) and energy (+1.9%) sectors were today's leaders, which were further boosted by their perceived value-oriented nature, as opposed to the crowded positioning in the information technology sector (-0.7%).The 2-yr yield increased five basis points to 1.57%, and the 10-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.62%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.1% to 98.32.The Dow Jones Transportation Average (+2.0%), which is a trade-sensitive group and is often viewed as a proxy for economic growth, also outperformed. The defensive-oriented real estate (-0.9%), health care (-0.9%), and utilities (-0.6%) sectors joined the tech sector as today's laggards.Separately, Saudi Arabia replaced its oil minister with a member of the royal family, which traders believed could portend favorable policy for oil prices. A less appreciated factor contributing to the outperformance in the energy sector was the relatively higher dividend yields that many energy companies provide yield-hunting investors.In corporate news, activist shareholder Elliot Management disclosed a $3.2 billion stake in AT&T (T 336.79, +0.54, +1.5%), sharing a plan with the company it thinks could boost the stock to $60 by the end of 2021. Much of the initial enthusiasm waned throughout the session, leaving shares of AT&T near their session lows.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit Report for July:Consumer credit increased by $23.3 bln in July (Briefing.com consensus $18.2 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $13.8 bln (from $14.6 bln) in June. That is the largest expansion since July 2018.The key takeaway from the report is the recognition that revolving credit expanded at its fastest pace since November 2017. That could mean one of two things: (1) consumers are using revolving credit more because they lack the cash to cover spending on basic needs or (2) consumers are using revolving credit more because they feel confident about repayment capabilities due to feelings of job security. Only future economic data will tell the real tale, but in the context of a U.S. growth outlook, the expansion in consumer credit in July is apt to be taken at face value as an an encouraging sign.Looking ahead, investors will receive the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August and the JOLTS - Job Opening report for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +21.9% YTDS&P 500 +18.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.0% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 1771/1084. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1875/1201.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 10, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 07:58 ETBriefing.comSeptember 10, 2019 Tuesday 8:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1397 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 10-Sep-1907:58 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -31.50.The S&P 500 futures trade six points, or 0.2%, below fair value after a flat day yesterday. Some consolidation appears to be taking shape after a recent stretch of gains, while the market awaits some key events later this week.For the moment, the narrative in the market's mind is that U.S. consumer spending could continue to support growth and that trade tensions with China may not escalate before their trade talks in October. China's Premier Li Kegiang reportedly repeated Beijing's willingness to make trade progress.At the same time, the market is holding steady in front of an ECB policy decision on Thursday and the Retail Sales Report for August on Friday, which could alter the market's assumptions about growth. Today, though, many investors will tune in to Apple's (AAPL 213.73, -0.44, -0.2%) annual product event at 1:00 p.m. ET, where it will likely unveil its latest iPhone.In economic data, investors will receive the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for July at 10:00 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August declined to 103.1 from 104.7 in July.U.S. Treasuries are slightly lower, nudging yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.64%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 98.45. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $58.42/bbl, which could continue to benefit the oil-sensitive energy stocks that have bounced back this month.In U.S. Corporate news:Apple (AAPL 213.73, -0.44): -0.2% ahead of its annual Special Event at 1:00 p.m. ET. Wendy's (WEN 20.00, -1.95): -8.9% after lowering its earnings guidance to reflect costs incurred to launch a breakfast menu in 2020. Ford Motor (F 9.19, -0.35): -3.7% after Moody's downgraded its senior unsecured rating to Ba1, or "junk rating," from Baa3.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +0.4%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng UNCH, China's Shanghai Composite -0.1%, India's Sensex Closed for Moharram, South Korea's Kospi +0.6%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.5%.In economic data:China's August CPI +0.7% m/m (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%); +2.8% yr/yr (expected 2.6%; last 2.8%). August PPI -0.8% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)Japan's flash August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%)Australia's August NAB Business Confidence 1 (last 4New Zealand's August Electronic Card Retail Sales +1.1% m/m (last -0.1%); +2.8% yr/yr (last 1.6%)In news:China reported hotter than expected inflation figures for August due to an ongoing pork shortage.Jilin Transportation Investment Group elected to not exercise a call option on a perpetual note and will instead pay a higher coupon, which is likely to invite concerns about the group's cash position. Bloomberg noted that this was the first time that a Chinese local government financing vehicle did not exercise a call option on its debt.North Korea fired two projectiles into the East Sea, shortly after a DPRK official indicated that North Korea is ready for another round of talks with U.S. officials.Major European indices trade mostly lower. STOXX Europe 600 -0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.2%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.2%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.1%.In economic data:U.K.'s July Average Earnings Index + Bonus +4.0% yr/yr (expected 3.7%; last 3.8%). July Claimant Count Change 28,200 (expected 29,300; last 19,800), and July Unemployment Rate 3.8% (expected 3.9%; last 3.9%)France's July Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected 0.5%; last -2.3%) and Q2 Nonfarm Payrolls +0.2% qtr/qtr (last 0.4%)Italy's July Industrial Production -0.7% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.3%); -0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.3%; last -1.2%)In news:Germany's Finance Minister, Olaf Scholz, presented a draft 2020 budget, which does not call for increased debt issuance. French Budget Minister, Gerald Darmanin, said that the French government expects 2020 GDP growth of 1.4% while the budget deficit is expected to be between 2.1% and 2.2% of GDP.Italy's Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, survived his first confidence vote in the Chamber of Deputies.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.60.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21,392.10...+73.70...+0.40%. Hang Seng...26,683.68...+2.30...0.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7,228.10...-7.50...-0.10%. DAX...12,206.28...-20.00...-0.20%.16:25 ETDow +38.05 at 26835.49, Nasdaq -15.64 at 8087.47, S&P -0.28 at 2978.43[BRIEFING.COM] The large-cap U.S. indices finished little changed on Monday, with gains in energy and financial stocks helping offset the losses in the technology and health care stocks. The S&P 500 (-0.01%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.2%), and Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%) finished near their flat lines.The small-cap Russell 2000 (+1.3%), which is home to many energy and financial stocks, outperformed the broader market.The market entered today on the heels of a two-week rally, with some investors beginning to feel less concerned about growth prospects and trade relations with China. For instance, data has shown the U.S. consumer to be resilient in the face of trade tensions, which could see a reprieve with trade talks coming up next month.This positive sentiment was manifested in the higher oil prices ($57.87/bbl, +$1.42, +2.5%) and the selling in the Treasury market on Monday. In turn, the S&P 500 financials (+1.5%) and energy (+1.9%) sectors were today's leaders, which were further boosted by their perceived value-oriented nature, as opposed to the crowded positioning in the information technology sector (-0.7%).The 2-yr yield increased five basis points to 1.57%, and the 10-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.62%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.1% to 98.32.The Dow Jones Transportation Average (+2.0%), which is a trade-sensitive group and is often viewed as a proxy for economic growth, also outperformed. The defensive-oriented real estate (-0.9%), health care (-0.9%), and utilities (-0.6%) sectors joined the tech sector as today's laggards.Separately, Saudi Arabia replaced its oil minister with a member of the royal family, which traders believed could portend favorable policy for oil prices. A less appreciated factor contributing to the outperformance in the energy sector was the relatively higher dividend yields that many energy companies provide yield-hunting investors.In corporate news, activist shareholder Elliot Management disclosed a $3.2 billion stake in AT&T (T 336.79, +0.54, +1.5%), sharing a plan with the company it thinks could boost the stock to $60 by the end of 2021. Much of the initial enthusiasm waned throughout the session, leaving shares of AT&T near their session lows.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit Report for July:Consumer credit increased by $23.3 bln in July (Briefing.com consensus $18.2 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $13.8 bln (from $14.6 bln) in June. That is the largest expansion since July 2018.The key takeaway from the report is the recognition that revolving credit expanded at its fastest pace since November 2017. That could mean one of two things: (1) consumers are using revolving credit more because they lack the cash to cover spending on basic needs or (2) consumers are using revolving credit more because they feel confident about repayment capabilities due to feelings of job security. Only future economic data will tell the real tale, but in the context of a U.S. growth outlook, the expansion in consumer credit in July is apt to be taken at face value as an an encouraging sign.Looking ahead, investors will receive the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August and the JOLTS - Job Opening report for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +21.9% YTDS&P 500 +18.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.0% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 1771/1084. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1875/1201.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 10, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETBriefing.comSeptember 10, 2019 Tuesday 8:30 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1502 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 10-Sep-1908:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -32.80.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value.HD Supply Holdings (HDS 38.25, -2.57, -6.3%) has dropped 6.3% in pre-market action after the industrial distributor issued downside Q3 guidance and lowered its FY20 guidance.Separately, Fox Corporation (FOXA 33.83, -0.47, -1.4%) and Kinder Morgan (KMI 20.19, -0.22, -1.1%) are seeing relative weakness after being downgraded by analysts. FOXA was lowered to Underweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities and KMI was lowered to Hold from Buy at Argus.07:58 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -31.50.The S&P 500 futures trade six points, or 0.2%, below fair value after a flat day yesterday. Some consolidation appears to be taking shape after a recent stretch of gains, while the market awaits some key events later this week.For the moment, the narrative in the market's mind is that U.S. consumer spending could continue to support growth and that trade tensions with China may not escalate before their trade talks in October. China's Premier Li Kegiang reportedly repeated Beijing's willingness to make trade progress.At the same time, the market is holding steady in front of an ECB policy decision on Thursday and the Retail Sales Report for August on Friday, which could alter the market's assumptions about growth. Today, though, many investors will tune in to Apple's (AAPL 213.73, -0.44, -0.2%) annual product event at 1:00 p.m. ET, where it will likely unveil its latest iPhone.In economic data, investors will receive the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for July at 10:00 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August declined to 103.1 from 104.7 in July.U.S. Treasuries are slightly lower, nudging yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.64%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 98.45. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $58.42/bbl, which could continue to benefit the oil-sensitive energy stocks that have bounced back this month.In U.S. Corporate news:Apple (AAPL 213.73, -0.44): -0.2% ahead of its annual Special Event at 1:00 p.m. ET. Wendy's (WEN 20.00, -1.95): -8.9% after lowering its earnings guidance to reflect costs incurred to launch a breakfast menu in 2020. Ford Motor (F 9.19, -0.35): -3.7% after Moody's downgraded its senior unsecured rating to Ba1, or "junk rating," from Baa3.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +0.4%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng UNCH, China's Shanghai Composite -0.1%, India's Sensex Closed for Moharram, South Korea's Kospi +0.6%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.5%.In economic data:China's August CPI +0.7% m/m (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%); +2.8% yr/yr (expected 2.6%; last 2.8%). August PPI -0.8% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)Japan's flash August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%)Australia's August NAB Business Confidence 1 (last 4New Zealand's August Electronic Card Retail Sales +1.1% m/m (last -0.1%); +2.8% yr/yr (last 1.6%)In news:China reported hotter than expected inflation figures for August due to an ongoing pork shortage.Jilin Transportation Investment Group elected to not exercise a call option on a perpetual note and will instead pay a higher coupon, which is likely to invite concerns about the group's cash position. Bloomberg noted that this was the first time that a Chinese local government financing vehicle did not exercise a call option on its debt.North Korea fired two projectiles into the East Sea, shortly after a DPRK official indicated that North Korea is ready for another round of talks with U.S. officials.Major European indices trade mostly lower. STOXX Europe 600 -0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.2%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.2%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.1%.In economic data:U.K.'s July Average Earnings Index + Bonus +4.0% yr/yr (expected 3.7%; last 3.8%). July Claimant Count Change 28,200 (expected 29,300; last 19,800), and July Unemployment Rate 3.8% (expected 3.9%; last 3.9%)France's July Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected 0.5%; last -2.3%) and Q2 Nonfarm Payrolls +0.2% qtr/qtr (last 0.4%)Italy's July Industrial Production -0.7% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.3%); -0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.3%; last -1.2%)In news:Germany's Finance Minister, Olaf Scholz, presented a draft 2020 budget, which does not call for increased debt issuance. French Budget Minister, Gerald Darmanin, said that the French government expects 2020 GDP growth of 1.4% while the budget deficit is expected to be between 2.1% and 2.2% of GDP.Italy's Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, survived his first confidence vote in the Chamber of Deputies.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.60.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21,392.10...+73.70...+0.40%. Hang Seng...26,683.68...+2.30...0.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7,228.10...-7.50...-0.10%. DAX...12,206.28...-20.00...-0.20%.16:25 ETDow +38.05 at 26835.49, Nasdaq -15.64 at 8087.47, S&P -0.28 at 2978.43[BRIEFING.COM] The large-cap U.S. indices finished little changed on Monday, with gains in energy and financial stocks helping offset the losses in the technology and health care stocks. The S&P 500 (-0.01%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.2%), and Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%) finished near their flat lines.The small-cap Russell 2000 (+1.3%), which is home to many energy and financial stocks, outperformed the broader market.The market entered today on the heels of a two-week rally, with some investors beginning to feel less concerned about growth prospects and trade relations with China. For instance, data has shown the U.S. consumer to be resilient in the face of trade tensions, which could see a reprieve with trade talks coming up next month.This positive sentiment was manifested in the higher oil prices ($57.87/bbl, +$1.42, +2.5%) and the selling in the Treasury market on Monday. In turn, the S&P 500 financials (+1.5%) and energy (+1.9%) sectors were today's leaders, which were further boosted by their perceived value-oriented nature, as opposed to the crowded positioning in the information technology sector (-0.7%).The 2-yr yield increased five basis points to 1.57%, and the 10-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.62%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.1% to 98.32.The Dow Jones Transportation Average (+2.0%), which is a trade-sensitive group and is often viewed as a proxy for economic growth, also outperformed. The defensive-oriented real estate (-0.9%), health care (-0.9%), and utilities (-0.6%) sectors joined the tech sector as today's laggards.Separately, Saudi Arabia replaced its oil minister with a member of the royal family, which traders believed could portend favorable policy for oil prices. A less appreciated factor contributing to the outperformance in the energy sector was the relatively higher dividend yields that many energy companies provide yield-hunting investors.In corporate news, activist shareholder Elliot Management disclosed a $3.2 billion stake in AT&T (T 336.79, +0.54, +1.5%), sharing a plan with the company it thinks could boost the stock to $60 by the end of 2021. Much of the initial enthusiasm waned throughout the session, leaving shares of AT&T near their session lows.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit Report for July:Consumer credit increased by $23.3 bln in July (Briefing.com consensus $18.2 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $13.8 bln (from $14.6 bln) in June. That is the largest expansion since July 2018.The key takeaway from the report is the recognition that revolving credit expanded at its fastest pace since November 2017. That could mean one of two things: (1) consumers are using revolving credit more because they lack the cash to cover spending on basic needs or (2) consumers are using revolving credit more because they feel confident about repayment capabilities due to feelings of job security. Only future economic data will tell the real tale, but in the context of a U.S. growth outlook, the expansion in consumer credit in July is apt to be taken at face value as an an encouraging sign.Looking ahead, investors will receive the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August and the JOLTS - Job Opening report for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +21.9% YTDS&P 500 +18.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.0% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 1771/1084. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1875/1201.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 10, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETBriefing.comSeptember 10, 2019 Tuesday 8:50 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1502 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 10-Sep-1908:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -32.80.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value.HD Supply Holdings (HDS 38.25, -2.57, -6.3%) has dropped 6.3% in pre-market action after the industrial distributor issued downside Q3 guidance and lowered its FY20 guidance.Separately, Fox Corporation (FOXA 33.83, -0.47, -1.4%) and Kinder Morgan (KMI 20.19, -0.22, -1.1%) are seeing relative weakness after being downgraded by analysts. FOXA was lowered to Underweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities and KMI was lowered to Hold from Buy at Argus.07:58 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -31.50.The S&P 500 futures trade six points, or 0.2%, below fair value after a flat day yesterday. Some consolidation appears to be taking shape after a recent stretch of gains, while the market awaits some key events later this week.For the moment, the narrative in the market's mind is that U.S. consumer spending could continue to support growth and that trade tensions with China may not escalate before their trade talks in October. China's Premier Li Kegiang reportedly repeated Beijing's willingness to make trade progress.At the same time, the market is holding steady in front of an ECB policy decision on Thursday and the Retail Sales Report for August on Friday, which could alter the market's assumptions about growth. Today, though, many investors will tune in to Apple's (AAPL 213.73, -0.44, -0.2%) annual product event at 1:00 p.m. ET, where it will likely unveil its latest iPhone.In economic data, investors will receive the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for July at 10:00 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August declined to 103.1 from 104.7 in July.U.S. Treasuries are slightly lower, nudging yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.64%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 98.45. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $58.42/bbl, which could continue to benefit the oil-sensitive energy stocks that have bounced back this month.In U.S. Corporate news:Apple (AAPL 213.73, -0.44): -0.2% ahead of its annual Special Event at 1:00 p.m. ET. Wendy's (WEN 20.00, -1.95): -8.9% after lowering its earnings guidance to reflect costs incurred to launch a breakfast menu in 2020. Ford Motor (F 9.19, -0.35): -3.7% after Moody's downgraded its senior unsecured rating to Ba1, or "junk rating," from Baa3.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +0.4%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng UNCH, China's Shanghai Composite -0.1%, India's Sensex Closed for Moharram, South Korea's Kospi +0.6%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.5%.In economic data:China's August CPI +0.7% m/m (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%); +2.8% yr/yr (expected 2.6%; last 2.8%). August PPI -0.8% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)Japan's flash August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%)Australia's August NAB Business Confidence 1 (last 4New Zealand's August Electronic Card Retail Sales +1.1% m/m (last -0.1%); +2.8% yr/yr (last 1.6%)In news:China reported hotter than expected inflation figures for August due to an ongoing pork shortage.Jilin Transportation Investment Group elected to not exercise a call option on a perpetual note and will instead pay a higher coupon, which is likely to invite concerns about the group's cash position. Bloomberg noted that this was the first time that a Chinese local government financing vehicle did not exercise a call option on its debt.North Korea fired two projectiles into the East Sea, shortly after a DPRK official indicated that North Korea is ready for another round of talks with U.S. officials.Major European indices trade mostly lower. STOXX Europe 600 -0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.2%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.2%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.1%.In economic data:U.K.'s July Average Earnings Index + Bonus +4.0% yr/yr (expected 3.7%; last 3.8%). July Claimant Count Change 28,200 (expected 29,300; last 19,800), and July Unemployment Rate 3.8% (expected 3.9%; last 3.9%)France's July Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected 0.5%; last -2.3%) and Q2 Nonfarm Payrolls +0.2% qtr/qtr (last 0.4%)Italy's July Industrial Production -0.7% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.3%); -0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.3%; last -1.2%)In news:Germany's Finance Minister, Olaf Scholz, presented a draft 2020 budget, which does not call for increased debt issuance. French Budget Minister, Gerald Darmanin, said that the French government expects 2020 GDP growth of 1.4% while the budget deficit is expected to be between 2.1% and 2.2% of GDP.Italy's Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, survived his first confidence vote in the Chamber of Deputies.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.60.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21,392.10...+73.70...+0.40%. Hang Seng...26,683.68...+2.30...0.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7,228.10...-7.50...-0.10%. DAX...12,206.28...-20.00...-0.20%.16:25 ETDow +38.05 at 26835.49, Nasdaq -15.64 at 8087.47, S&P -0.28 at 2978.43[BRIEFING.COM] The large-cap U.S. indices finished little changed on Monday, with gains in energy and financial stocks helping offset the losses in the technology and health care stocks. The S&P 500 (-0.01%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.2%), and Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%) finished near their flat lines.The small-cap Russell 2000 (+1.3%), which is home to many energy and financial stocks, outperformed the broader market.The market entered today on the heels of a two-week rally, with some investors beginning to feel less concerned about growth prospects and trade relations with China. For instance, data has shown the U.S. consumer to be resilient in the face of trade tensions, which could see a reprieve with trade talks coming up next month.This positive sentiment was manifested in the higher oil prices ($57.87/bbl, +$1.42, +2.5%) and the selling in the Treasury market on Monday. In turn, the S&P 500 financials (+1.5%) and energy (+1.9%) sectors were today's leaders, which were further boosted by their perceived value-oriented nature, as opposed to the crowded positioning in the information technology sector (-0.7%).The 2-yr yield increased five basis points to 1.57%, and the 10-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.62%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.1% to 98.32.The Dow Jones Transportation Average (+2.0%), which is a trade-sensitive group and is often viewed as a proxy for economic growth, also outperformed. The defensive-oriented real estate (-0.9%), health care (-0.9%), and utilities (-0.6%) sectors joined the tech sector as today's laggards.Separately, Saudi Arabia replaced its oil minister with a member of the royal family, which traders believed could portend favorable policy for oil prices. A less appreciated factor contributing to the outperformance in the energy sector was the relatively higher dividend yields that many energy companies provide yield-hunting investors.In corporate news, activist shareholder Elliot Management disclosed a $3.2 billion stake in AT&T (T 336.79, +0.54, +1.5%), sharing a plan with the company it thinks could boost the stock to $60 by the end of 2021. Much of the initial enthusiasm waned throughout the session, leaving shares of AT&T near their session lows.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit Report for July:Consumer credit increased by $23.3 bln in July (Briefing.com consensus $18.2 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $13.8 bln (from $14.6 bln) in June. That is the largest expansion since July 2018.The key takeaway from the report is the recognition that revolving credit expanded at its fastest pace since November 2017. That could mean one of two things: (1) consumers are using revolving credit more because they lack the cash to cover spending on basic needs or (2) consumers are using revolving credit more because they feel confident about repayment capabilities due to feelings of job security. Only future economic data will tell the real tale, but in the context of a U.S. growth outlook, the expansion in consumer credit in July is apt to be taken at face value as an an encouraging sign.Looking ahead, investors will receive the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August and the JOLTS - Job Opening report for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +21.9% YTDS&P 500 +18.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.0% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 1771/1084. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1875/1201.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 10, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETBriefing.comSeptember 10, 2019 Tuesday 8:50 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1502 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 10-Sep-1908:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -32.80.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value.HD Supply Holdings (HDS 38.25, -2.57, -6.3%) has dropped 6.3% in pre-market action after the industrial distributor issued downside Q3 guidance and lowered its FY20 guidance.Separately, Fox Corporation (FOXA 33.83, -0.47, -1.4%) and Kinder Morgan (KMI 20.19, -0.22, -1.1%) are seeing relative weakness after being downgraded by analysts. FOXA was lowered to Underweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities and KMI was lowered to Hold from Buy at Argus.07:58 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -31.50.The S&P 500 futures trade six points, or 0.2%, below fair value after a flat day yesterday. Some consolidation appears to be taking shape after a recent stretch of gains, while the market awaits some key events later this week.For the moment, the narrative in the market's mind is that U.S. consumer spending could continue to support growth and that trade tensions with China may not escalate before their trade talks in October. China's Premier Li Kegiang reportedly repeated Beijing's willingness to make trade progress.At the same time, the market is holding steady in front of an ECB policy decision on Thursday and the Retail Sales Report for August on Friday, which could alter the market's assumptions about growth. Today, though, many investors will tune in to Apple's (AAPL 213.73, -0.44, -0.2%) annual product event at 1:00 p.m. ET, where it will likely unveil its latest iPhone.In economic data, investors will receive the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for July at 10:00 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August declined to 103.1 from 104.7 in July.U.S. Treasuries are slightly lower, nudging yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.64%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 98.45. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $58.42/bbl, which could continue to benefit the oil-sensitive energy stocks that have bounced back this month.In U.S. Corporate news:Apple (AAPL 213.73, -0.44): -0.2% ahead of its annual Special Event at 1:00 p.m. ET. Wendy's (WEN 20.00, -1.95): -8.9% after lowering its earnings guidance to reflect costs incurred to launch a breakfast menu in 2020. Ford Motor (F 9.19, -0.35): -3.7% after Moody's downgraded its senior unsecured rating to Ba1, or "junk rating," from Baa3.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +0.4%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng UNCH, China's Shanghai Composite -0.1%, India's Sensex Closed for Moharram, South Korea's Kospi +0.6%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.5%.In economic data:China's August CPI +0.7% m/m (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%); +2.8% yr/yr (expected 2.6%; last 2.8%). August PPI -0.8% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)Japan's flash August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%)Australia's August NAB Business Confidence 1 (last 4New Zealand's August Electronic Card Retail Sales +1.1% m/m (last -0.1%); +2.8% yr/yr (last 1.6%)In news:China reported hotter than expected inflation figures for August due to an ongoing pork shortage.Jilin Transportation Investment Group elected to not exercise a call option on a perpetual note and will instead pay a higher coupon, which is likely to invite concerns about the group's cash position. Bloomberg noted that this was the first time that a Chinese local government financing vehicle did not exercise a call option on its debt.North Korea fired two projectiles into the East Sea, shortly after a DPRK official indicated that North Korea is ready for another round of talks with U.S. officials.Major European indices trade mostly lower. STOXX Europe 600 -0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.2%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.2%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.1%.In economic data:U.K.'s July Average Earnings Index + Bonus +4.0% yr/yr (expected 3.7%; last 3.8%). July Claimant Count Change 28,200 (expected 29,300; last 19,800), and July Unemployment Rate 3.8% (expected 3.9%; last 3.9%)France's July Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected 0.5%; last -2.3%) and Q2 Nonfarm Payrolls +0.2% qtr/qtr (last 0.4%)Italy's July Industrial Production -0.7% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.3%); -0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.3%; last -1.2%)In news:Germany's Finance Minister, Olaf Scholz, presented a draft 2020 budget, which does not call for increased debt issuance. French Budget Minister, Gerald Darmanin, said that the French government expects 2020 GDP growth of 1.4% while the budget deficit is expected to be between 2.1% and 2.2% of GDP.Italy's Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, survived his first confidence vote in the Chamber of Deputies.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.60.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21,392.10...+73.70...+0.40%. Hang Seng...26,683.68...+2.30...0.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7,228.10...-7.50...-0.10%. DAX...12,206.28...-20.00...-0.20%.16:25 ETDow +38.05 at 26835.49, Nasdaq -15.64 at 8087.47, S&P -0.28 at 2978.43[BRIEFING.COM] The large-cap U.S. indices finished little changed on Monday, with gains in energy and financial stocks helping offset the losses in the technology and health care stocks. The S&P 500 (-0.01%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.2%), and Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%) finished near their flat lines.The small-cap Russell 2000 (+1.3%), which is home to many energy and financial stocks, outperformed the broader market.The market entered today on the heels of a two-week rally, with some investors beginning to feel less concerned about growth prospects and trade relations with China. For instance, data has shown the U.S. consumer to be resilient in the face of trade tensions, which could see a reprieve with trade talks coming up next month.This positive sentiment was manifested in the higher oil prices ($57.87/bbl, +$1.42, +2.5%) and the selling in the Treasury market on Monday. In turn, the S&P 500 financials (+1.5%) and energy (+1.9%) sectors were today's leaders, which were further boosted by their perceived value-oriented nature, as opposed to the crowded positioning in the information technology sector (-0.7%).The 2-yr yield increased five basis points to 1.57%, and the 10-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.62%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.1% to 98.32.The Dow Jones Transportation Average (+2.0%), which is a trade-sensitive group and is often viewed as a proxy for economic growth, also outperformed. The defensive-oriented real estate (-0.9%), health care (-0.9%), and utilities (-0.6%) sectors joined the tech sector as today's laggards.Separately, Saudi Arabia replaced its oil minister with a member of the royal family, which traders believed could portend favorable policy for oil prices. A less appreciated factor contributing to the outperformance in the energy sector was the relatively higher dividend yields that many energy companies provide yield-hunting investors.In corporate news, activist shareholder Elliot Management disclosed a $3.2 billion stake in AT&T (T 336.79, +0.54, +1.5%), sharing a plan with the company it thinks could boost the stock to $60 by the end of 2021. Much of the initial enthusiasm waned throughout the session, leaving shares of AT&T near their session lows.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit Report for July:Consumer credit increased by $23.3 bln in July (Briefing.com consensus $18.2 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $13.8 bln (from $14.6 bln) in June. That is the largest expansion since July 2018.The key takeaway from the report is the recognition that revolving credit expanded at its fastest pace since November 2017. That could mean one of two things: (1) consumers are using revolving credit more because they lack the cash to cover spending on basic needs or (2) consumers are using revolving credit more because they feel confident about repayment capabilities due to feelings of job security. Only future economic data will tell the real tale, but in the context of a U.S. growth outlook, the expansion in consumer credit in July is apt to be taken at face value as an an encouraging sign.Looking ahead, investors will receive the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August and the JOLTS - Job Opening report for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +21.9% YTDS&P 500 +18.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.0% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 1771/1084. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1875/1201.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 10, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETBriefing.comSeptember 10, 2019 Tuesday 8:30 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1502 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 10-Sep-1908:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -32.80.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value.HD Supply Holdings (HDS 38.25, -2.57, -6.3%) has dropped 6.3% in pre-market action after the industrial distributor issued downside Q3 guidance and lowered its FY20 guidance.Separately, Fox Corporation (FOXA 33.83, -0.47, -1.4%) and Kinder Morgan (KMI 20.19, -0.22, -1.1%) are seeing relative weakness after being downgraded by analysts. FOXA was lowered to Underweight from Neutral at Atlantic Equities and KMI was lowered to Hold from Buy at Argus.07:58 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -31.50.The S&P 500 futures trade six points, or 0.2%, below fair value after a flat day yesterday. Some consolidation appears to be taking shape after a recent stretch of gains, while the market awaits some key events later this week.For the moment, the narrative in the market's mind is that U.S. consumer spending could continue to support growth and that trade tensions with China may not escalate before their trade talks in October. China's Premier Li Kegiang reportedly repeated Beijing's willingness to make trade progress.At the same time, the market is holding steady in front of an ECB policy decision on Thursday and the Retail Sales Report for August on Friday, which could alter the market's assumptions about growth. Today, though, many investors will tune in to Apple's (AAPL 213.73, -0.44, -0.2%) annual product event at 1:00 p.m. ET, where it will likely unveil its latest iPhone.In economic data, investors will receive the JOLTS - Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for July at 10:00 a.m. ET. The NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August declined to 103.1 from 104.7 in July.U.S. Treasuries are slightly lower, nudging yields higher. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.59%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.64%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.2% to 98.45. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $58.42/bbl, which could continue to benefit the oil-sensitive energy stocks that have bounced back this month.In U.S. Corporate news:Apple (AAPL 213.73, -0.44): -0.2% ahead of its annual Special Event at 1:00 p.m. ET. Wendy's (WEN 20.00, -1.95): -8.9% after lowering its earnings guidance to reflect costs incurred to launch a breakfast menu in 2020. Ford Motor (F 9.19, -0.35): -3.7% after Moody's downgraded its senior unsecured rating to Ba1, or "junk rating," from Baa3.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region ended Tuesday on a mixed note. Japan's Nikkei +0.4%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng UNCH, China's Shanghai Composite -0.1%, India's Sensex Closed for Moharram, South Korea's Kospi +0.6%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries -0.5%.In economic data:China's August CPI +0.7% m/m (expected 0.5%; last 0.4%); +2.8% yr/yr (expected 2.6%; last 2.8%). August PPI -0.8% yr/yr (expected -0.9%; last -0.3%)Japan's flash August Machine Tool Orders -37.1% yr/yr (last -33.0%)Australia's August NAB Business Confidence 1 (last 4New Zealand's August Electronic Card Retail Sales +1.1% m/m (last -0.1%); +2.8% yr/yr (last 1.6%)In news:China reported hotter than expected inflation figures for August due to an ongoing pork shortage.Jilin Transportation Investment Group elected to not exercise a call option on a perpetual note and will instead pay a higher coupon, which is likely to invite concerns about the group's cash position. Bloomberg noted that this was the first time that a Chinese local government financing vehicle did not exercise a call option on its debt.North Korea fired two projectiles into the East Sea, shortly after a DPRK official indicated that North Korea is ready for another round of talks with U.S. officials.Major European indices trade mostly lower. STOXX Europe 600 -0.3%, Germany's DAX +0.2%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 -0.1%, France's CAC 40 -0.2%, Italy's FTSE MIB -0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 -0.1%.In economic data:U.K.'s July Average Earnings Index + Bonus +4.0% yr/yr (expected 3.7%; last 3.8%). July Claimant Count Change 28,200 (expected 29,300; last 19,800), and July Unemployment Rate 3.8% (expected 3.9%; last 3.9%)France's July Industrial Production +0.3% m/m (expected 0.5%; last -2.3%) and Q2 Nonfarm Payrolls +0.2% qtr/qtr (last 0.4%)Italy's July Industrial Production -0.7% m/m (expected -0.1%; last -0.3%); -0.7% yr/yr (expected 0.3%; last -1.2%)In news:Germany's Finance Minister, Olaf Scholz, presented a draft 2020 budget, which does not call for increased debt issuance. French Budget Minister, Gerald Darmanin, said that the French government expects 2020 GDP growth of 1.4% while the budget deficit is expected to be between 2.1% and 2.2% of GDP.Italy's Prime Minister, Giuseppe Conte, survived his first confidence vote in the Chamber of Deputies.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -4.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -19.60.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -6.00. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21,392.10...+73.70...+0.40%. Hang Seng...26,683.68...+2.30...0.00.06:29 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7,228.10...-7.50...-0.10%. DAX...12,206.28...-20.00...-0.20%.16:25 ETDow +38.05 at 26835.49, Nasdaq -15.64 at 8087.47, S&P -0.28 at 2978.43[BRIEFING.COM] The large-cap U.S. indices finished little changed on Monday, with gains in energy and financial stocks helping offset the losses in the technology and health care stocks. The S&P 500 (-0.01%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.2%), and Dow Jones Industrial Average (+0.1%) finished near their flat lines.The small-cap Russell 2000 (+1.3%), which is home to many energy and financial stocks, outperformed the broader market.The market entered today on the heels of a two-week rally, with some investors beginning to feel less concerned about growth prospects and trade relations with China. For instance, data has shown the U.S. consumer to be resilient in the face of trade tensions, which could see a reprieve with trade talks coming up next month.This positive sentiment was manifested in the higher oil prices ($57.87/bbl, +$1.42, +2.5%) and the selling in the Treasury market on Monday. In turn, the S&P 500 financials (+1.5%) and energy (+1.9%) sectors were today's leaders, which were further boosted by their perceived value-oriented nature, as opposed to the crowded positioning in the information technology sector (-0.7%).The 2-yr yield increased five basis points to 1.57%, and the 10-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.62%. The U.S. Dollar Index declined 0.1% to 98.32.The Dow Jones Transportation Average (+2.0%), which is a trade-sensitive group and is often viewed as a proxy for economic growth, also outperformed. The defensive-oriented real estate (-0.9%), health care (-0.9%), and utilities (-0.6%) sectors joined the tech sector as today's laggards.Separately, Saudi Arabia replaced its oil minister with a member of the royal family, which traders believed could portend favorable policy for oil prices. A less appreciated factor contributing to the outperformance in the energy sector was the relatively higher dividend yields that many energy companies provide yield-hunting investors.In corporate news, activist shareholder Elliot Management disclosed a $3.2 billion stake in AT&T (T 336.79, +0.54, +1.5%), sharing a plan with the company it thinks could boost the stock to $60 by the end of 2021. Much of the initial enthusiasm waned throughout the session, leaving shares of AT&T near their session lows.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit Report for July:Consumer credit increased by $23.3 bln in July (Briefing.com consensus $18.2 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $13.8 bln (from $14.6 bln) in June. That is the largest expansion since July 2018.The key takeaway from the report is the recognition that revolving credit expanded at its fastest pace since November 2017. That could mean one of two things: (1) consumers are using revolving credit more because they lack the cash to cover spending on basic needs or (2) consumers are using revolving credit more because they feel confident about repayment capabilities due to feelings of job security. Only future economic data will tell the real tale, but in the context of a U.S. growth outlook, the expansion in consumer credit in July is apt to be taken at face value as an an encouraging sign.Looking ahead, investors will receive the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for August and the JOLTS - Job Opening report for July on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +21.9% YTDS&P 500 +18.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +15.0% YTDRussell 2000 +13.0% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 1771/1084. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1875/1201.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: September 10, 2019End of Document

Trump tries out new defenses as damaging Ukraine evidence piles upPolitico.comOctober 5, 2019 Saturday 10:03 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 703 wordsByline: qforgey@politico.com,  (Quint Forgey)Highlight: The president claims he had an 'obligation' to seek out foreign leaders' help.BodyPresident Donald Trump on Friday defended his brazen call for foreign governments to interfere in the 2020 election by launching investigations into the Bidens, repeatedly claiming he is duty-bound to encourage the probes while insisting his motivations are apolitical."This is not about politics. This is about corruption," Trump told reporters outside the White House. "And if you look and you read our Constitution and many other things, I have an obligation to look at corruption. I have an actual obligation and a duty."The president has been road-testing such justifications on social media since declaring Thursday that China and Ukraine should pursue unfounded accusations of corruption by former Vice President Joe Biden and his son - despite facing an impeachment inquiry for urging Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to do just that during a phone call in July."As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time," Trump wrote Friday morning on Twitter. "This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!"Trump previously asserted in a tweet Thursday night that he has "an absolute right, perhaps even a duty" as president "to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!"House Intelligence Chairman Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) responded to that post Friday, imploring his GOP colleagues to break with the president."It comes down to this. We've cut through the denials. The deflections. The nonsense," he tweeted. "Donald Trump believes he can pressure a foreign nation to help him politically. It's his 'right.' Every Republican in Congress has to decide: Is he right?"Among Republicans in Congress, Sen. Mitt Romney (R-Utah) on Friday delivered the most forceful rebuke of Trump, calling the president's appeal to the Chinese and Ukrainian governments "wrong and appalling.""When the only American citizen President Trump singles out for China's investigation is his political opponent in the midst of the Democratic nomination process, it strains credulity to suggest that it is anything other than politically motivated," Romney tweeted.The president's latest rationale for his behavior came as Washington awoke Friday to news of damaging text messages exchanged in recent months among top American diplomats. Those communications - which Kurt Volker, the former special envoy to Ukraine, provided Thursday to congressional Democrats - detailed efforts by the administration to pressure Zelensky to investigate the Bidens and alleged meddling by the Eastern European nation in the 2016 election.The texts are certain to open a new front in the impeachment drive by Democratic lawmakers, who say the explosive messages offer clear evidence that Trump made U.S. military aid and a White House visit contingent upon Zelensky's approval of the investigations. The president's Republican defenders on Capitol Hill have so far argued that he proposed no such quid pro quo during his conversation over the summer with his foreign counterpart.Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) warned Friday that the revelation of the texts marked an "important moment for our democracy.""We now know that Trump was using access to the White House to get a foreign government to help destroy his political rival," he tweeted. "There was an explicit quid pro quo: open an investigation into my rival, and I will invite you to the White House."Murphy wrote in another post that while "it's never been necessary to show an explicit quid pro quo," the texts also "make it pretty clear the aid was being withheld until Zelensky chose to investigate."House Democratic Caucus Chairman Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) also tore into the president after the new evidence emerged. "Trump withheld $391 million in security aid for no reason. He then pressured the Ukrainian President to target an American citizen for political gain. How do you describe this extraordinary betrayal of America's national security?" he tweeted, adding, "ABUSE OF POWER."Article originally published on POLITICO MagazineLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Trump tries out new defenses as damaging Ukraine evidence piles upPolitico.comSeptember 29, 2019 Sunday 6:06 PM GMTCopyright 2019 Capitol News Company, LLC All Rights ReservedSection: POLITICOPICKSLength: 703 wordsByline: qforgey@politico.com,  (Quint Forgey)Highlight: The president claims he had an 'obligation' to seek out foreign leaders' help.BodyPresident Donald Trump on Friday defended his brazen call for foreign governments to interfere in the 2020 election by launching investigations into the Bidens, repeatedly claiming he is duty-bound to encourage the probes while insisting his motivations are apolitical."This is not about politics. This is about corruption," Trump told reporters outside the White House. "And if you look and you read our Constitution and many other things, I have an obligation to look at corruption. I have an actual obligation and a duty."The president has been road-testing such justifications on social media since declaring Thursday that China and Ukraine should pursue unfounded accusations of corruption by former Vice President Joe Biden and his son - despite facing an impeachment inquiry for urging Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to do just that during a phone call in July."As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time," Trump wrote Friday morning on Twitter. "This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!"Trump previously asserted in a tweet Thursday night that he has "an absolute right, perhaps even a duty" as president "to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!"House Intelligence Chairman Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) responded to that post Friday, imploring his GOP colleagues to break with the president."It comes down to this. We've cut through the denials. The deflections. The nonsense," he tweeted. "Donald Trump believes he can pressure a foreign nation to help him politically. It's his 'right.' Every Republican in Congress has to decide: Is he right?"Among Republicans in Congress, Sen. Mitt Romney (R-Utah) on Friday delivered the most forceful rebuke of Trump, calling the president's appeal to the Chinese and Ukrainian governments "wrong and appalling.""When the only American citizen President Trump singles out for China's investigation is his political opponent in the midst of the Democratic nomination process, it strains credulity to suggest that it is anything other than politically motivated," Romney tweeted.The president's latest rationale for his behavior came as Washington awoke Friday to news of damaging text messages exchanged in recent months among top American diplomats. Those communications - which Kurt Volker, the former special envoy to Ukraine, provided Thursday to congressional Democrats - detailed efforts by the administration to pressure Zelensky to investigate the Bidens and alleged meddling by the Eastern European nation in the 2016 election.The texts are certain to open a new front in the impeachment drive by Democratic lawmakers, who say the explosive messages offer clear evidence that Trump made U.S. military aid and a White House visit contingent upon Zelensky's approval of the investigations. The president's Republican defenders on Capitol Hill have so far argued that he proposed no such quid pro quo during his conversation over the summer with his foreign counterpart.Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) warned Friday that the revelation of the texts marked an "important moment for our democracy.""We now know that Trump was using access to the White House to get a foreign government to help destroy his political rival," he tweeted. "There was an explicit quid pro quo: open an investigation into my rival, and I will invite you to the White House."Murphy wrote in another post that while "it's never been necessary to show an explicit quid pro quo," the texts also "make it pretty clear the aid was being withheld until Zelensky chose to investigate."House Democratic Caucus Chairman Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) also tore into the president after the new evidence emerged. "Trump withheld $391 million in security aid for no reason. He then pressured the Ukrainian President to target an American citizen for political gain. How do you describe this extraordinary betrayal of America's national security?" he tweeted, adding, "ABUSE OF POWER."Article originally published on POLITICO MagazineLoad-Date: October 6, 2019End of Document

Travelers behaving badly: Is the conduct of tourists getting worse?CNN.comOctober 3, 2019 Thursday 10:33 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: TRAVELLength: 2725 wordsByline: Tamara Hardingham-Gill, CNNBodyWhether it's skinny dipping in Venetian canals, chasing geishas down the street in Japan, or simply turning up in unsustainable numbers, tourists have been making headlines for all the wrong reasons recently.Each week seems to bring new stories of travelers engaging in some type of transgression in popular or far-flung places.While tourists were once seen as a highly coveted source of income by destinations -- and still are in some cases -- we appear to be living in an age where traveling has become a byword for trouble.But has the behavior of tourists actually gotten worse over time, or is this simply an inevitable consequence of more and more us packing our bags and heading out into the big wide world?There's no doubt that tourism has increased dramatically in the last century. According to the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO,) there were a record 1.4 billion international tourist arrivals last year, a 6% increase on 2017.Rewind to 1970 before the travel boom brought about by low-cost airlines, that number was just 166 million. Go back even further to 1950, it was a mere 25 million.The role of tourism in the global economy has also gained significance. In 2018, it was worth about $1.7 trillion (Â£1.3 trillion,) or around 2% of the total global gross domestic product.According to the UNWTO, France is the most popular country in the world to visit, followed by Spain, the US, China and Italy.However, several destinations have been victims of their own popularity.Excessive tourism has driven many locals away from Venice, and the Italian city, along with destinations such as Ibiza and Barcelona, has introduced a tourism tax to counteract some of the detrimental impacts, such as water shortages and waste pollution.The seemingly non-stop instances of tourists gaining attention for unruly behavior hasn't done much to helpHowever, professor Phaedra C. Pezzullo, tourism specialist and author of the book "Toxic Tourism" attests that these aren't necessarily new issues."As long as humans have traveled, cultures have clashed and the environment has paid a price," says Pezzullo."Access to touring farther distances by more people has increased. I'm not sure it [behavior] is worse.""There also are hopeful stories of collaboration and ecological restoration."Social media shamingIn August, YouTube vloggers Sabina Dolezalova and Zdenek Slouka, both from the Czech Republic, issued a public apology after receiving online backlash when Slouka was filmed lifting his girlfriend's skirt and splashing water on her body inside the Beji Temple in the Sacred Monkey Forest in Ubud, Bali.The scandal came just weeks after a clip of five Australian men running naked through the streets of the Indonesian island and urinating in public went viralBoth incidents provoked widespread criticism, with officials suggesting unruly tourists should be kicked out of Bali.The Balinese tourism board says its government is in the process of preparing new legislation to regulate the behavior of travelers visiting the popular Indonesian island. But, it adds, there's no indication that misdemeanors are on the up."Currently, there are no statistics to suggest that misconduct by tourists is increasing," Herry Rachmat Widjaja, assistant deputy director for Tourism Crisis Management, Ministry of Tourism, Republic of Indonesia, tells CNN Travel."However, in this digital era, things can go viral easily, giving the impression that inappropriate conducts are increasing in number."This is actually an important reminder for the security forces and tourism industries to continue to educate tourists on respecting local culture and rituals."It's possible that recent misconduct by tourists in Bali may relate to the individual's lack of awareness and understanding of local wisdom and values of the Balinese people."Michael O'Regan, a senior lecturer at Bournemouth University and former assistant professor at the Institute for Tourism Studies, Macao, shares these sentiments, saying the trend for sharing these types of videos on social media only serves to worsen the relationship between tourists and locals."If a video goes viral, politicians are forced to act," O'Regan tells CNN Travel, referencing an incident in Venice where two German tourists were fined 950 euros (around US$1,040) after being caught on camera making coffee on the steps of city's landmark Rialto Bridge."Naming and shaming people weakens public support for tourists, creating an 'us' and 'them.'"Everyone wants this perfect tourist. But that creates a system where there are good tourists and bad tourists, which only makes things worse."Do codes of conduct work?Rome is one of several major destinations to introduce guidelines for tourists in a bid to curb bad behavior.In 2018, the Italian capital passed a law banning street drinking, organizing pub crawls and taking a dip in the city's fountains.Tourists are also prohibited from eating snacks in public places and sitting on the staircases of historic monuments such as the Spanish Steps.Sara Verde, chief executive operator and founder of Rome Tour Guide, which arranges tours of Rome and the Vatican, believes these rules are necessary, saying the conduct of tourists has had a negative impact."In July and August, the city becomes a huge sewer and the people don't care about any rules," Verde tells CNN Travel. "It's contributing towards destroying the city."Verde, who's worked in the tourism industry for nearly two decades, has witnessed countless instances of abhorrent behavior from travelers.Her horror stories involve a tourist who emptied their bladder shortly after getting off a bus to the Vatican and someone throwing up on one of the seats.According to Verde, such exploits have taken the shine off Rome somewhat."Rome is a place where you can't control the tourists any more," she adds, stressing that the behavior does seems to have worsened over time.Other destinations to introduce codes of conducts include New Zealand, which now gets visitors to pledge its "Tiaki Promise" of good behavior to deal with multiple problems associated with tourists -- including careless driving, damaging camping practices and to ignorance of safety in the outdoors.Some parts of Croatia have also opted to implement local codes of conduct.The European country, which has a population of four million, saw just under 18.7 million arrivals in 2018, meaning it has more tourists per capita than many other tourist destinations.Like Venice, Croatia has been massively impacted by cruise ship tourists, with 50,000 passenger arrivals expected in Dubrovnik this year alone.Several of the country's most popular destinations, including Split and Dubrovnik, have introduced "rules" or instructions for visitors amid concern of unruly behavior linked to alcohol use.This includes requesting that appropriate attire be worn in historic areas, bans on drinking and congregating in public areas where alcohol consumption has been prohibited, as well as offering general guidance on the best ways to avoid causing offense."In general, codes of conduct are a means of informing our visitors as to the expectations of the destination in terms of acceptable behavior," says Ina Rodin, director of North America at the Croatian National Tourist Office.Cultural misunderstandings"This is usually well-received and there has been limited resistance with regard to compliance."She goes on to stress that, while the country has experienced "isolated issues with unruly tourists," Croatia doesn't consider the behavior of tourists a serious problem at present."Usually these incidents are related to abuse of alcohol and ensuing behavior related to drunk and disorderly conduct," she says.While codes of conducts have been rolled out in some of its most popular destinations, Croatia isn't planning to issue them nationally."At the national level we would say that the best way to deal with this is to work on public awareness and education about respecting the destination one is visiting," adds Rodin.O'Regan agrees that communicating with tourists and educating them on local culture is the best course of action.He says there's no evidence to suggest codes of conduct actually work, pointing out that many tourists won't even be aware of them in the first instance."I think we're going down the wrong road," he says. "We can't expect every single tourist to be aware of every cultural practice in the place they're traveling to."Tourism was meant to educate. Travelers would go to a different destination, adapt to different cultures and come back somewhat changed."He stresses that simply placing signs in taxis or at the airport or issuing etiquette guides can prove effective.For instance, Japanese city Kyoto recently introduced a smartphone update to rein in impolite tourists after reports of travelers lying down in the street to take photos and chasing geishas.Launched by the Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Ministry in cooperation with the Kyoto city government, the pilot project involves pushing etiquette reminders through city-sponsored tourist mobile apps and portable electronics rented from local hotels.The trial, which began in late September, will run around Hanamikoji street in the Gion district until the end of the year."No one walks into the Vatican without knowing you need to cover your shoulders," says Pezzullo, stressing the tourism industry should be taking more responsibility for the behavior of travelers.While many initiatives, including the Kyoto smartphone project, provide conduct instructions for tourists once they arrive, Pezzullo feels they should come into effect earlier than this."Educational outreach about expectations before tourists even arrive can help reduce tensions," she adds. "We can't expect ready made, perfect tourists as soon as they land at a destination. It's a learning process."Being branded an unruly tourist can be damaging, as was the case for Dolezalova and Slouka, who took part in a ritual purification ceremony by way of apology for their actions.Some countries have gone to great lengths to prevent their citizens from being named and shamed in such a manner.After a spate of negative stories regarding Chinese tourists, the government went as far as to issue citizens with a code of conduct manual named, "Guide to Civilized Tourism and Travel."The 64-page book, released in 2013, advised against spitting and queue-jumping as well as lying down in public or removing your shoes and socks.But while we can certainly make a case for cultural misinterpretations in some instances, this doesn't explain all incidents of tourists acting out.Lower inhibitionsAccording to tourism expert Dr. Peter E. Tarlow, some travelers are likely to behave out of character while in a new destination due to the excitement and the anonymity of being somewhere seemingly unconnected to their everyday lives."Being away from home, travelers tend to lower their inhibitions, standards and behavior," he wrote in his 2018 book "Tourism-Oriented Policing and Protective Services.""Because many travelers enjoy their feeling of anonymity, they are more willing to engage in rude, semi-legal or even illegal activities about which they would not engage at home."This lowering of inhibitions can range from minimal issues such as the use of foul language to issues of drunkenness or the use of illegal drugs."The problem of low inhibitions is one that runs throughout almost all aspects of tourism policing."This certainly seems to have been the case for Amsterdam, which became synonymous with bachelor parties, drunken tourists and binge-drinking as travelers took advantage of the city's freedom and liberalism.After numerous complaints from locals, the Dutch capital opted to introduce on-the-spot fines for drunkenness or excessive noise and banned its popular beer bikes to clamp down on unruly visitors.Earlier this year, the city government also announced it will end tours of the Red Light District in central Amsterdam, amid concerns that sex workers are being treated as a tourist attraction."Amsterdam is an attractive city and the number of visitors is growing," a spokesperson from amsterdam&partners, a nonprofit organization focused on building the reputation of the Amsterdam metropolitan area, tells CNN Travel."This attraction has positive sides, but there is also a downside: some visitors cause a nuisance by being too loud or by urinating or being intoxicated in public."We are seeing an increase in litter, which can be an extreme nuisance in some areas. This affects the quality of life in certain neighborhoods."in April, the city launched the Enjoy & Respect campaign in order to tackle offensive behavior from tourists in the city, and amsterdam&partners feels the message is getting through."We make it clear to visitors that behavior like this is unacceptable and has consequences," says the spokesperson."Structurally influencing the perception that not everything is tolerated in Amsterdam will lead to a behavioral change in the long term."Backlash from localsAmsterdam is now so popular with travelers, officials have opted to stop advertising it as a tourist destination.The city has also raised tourism tax by an extra three euros per person -- about US$3 -- per night for travelers staying overnight in hotels and imposed stricter rules on Airbnb in order to combat the problem."Overcrowding can also cause considerable nuisance, especially if there are too many pedestrians, cyclists, and motorists in a given place at a given time," addsthe spokesperson, explaining that this has also had a negative impact on the lives of local residents.Of course, Amsterdam isn't the only destination in which mass tourism has had a devastating impacted on its residents' quality of life.Every year, around 1,000 locals leave Venice, as the cost of living increases due to rising numbers of tourists.In 2017, 150,000 people marched against the growing number of tourists flocking to Barcelona and the popularity of AirBnB, which has led to a housing shortage in the city.O'Regan feels that locals should have more of a say in how tourism is managed in different destinations as they are the ones most affected."Politicians and advisers need to look past numbers and ask locals what's really going on," he says."Before thinking about codes and practices, entrance fees or even banning coaches from city centers, they need to fully assess the impact."Is having cruise ports at places like Venice and Dubrovnik adding anything to anyone's quality of life, for example?"Of course, being considered a problem by various destinations isn't exactly encouraging for prospective tourists.Judy Randall, CEO of travel and tourism research specialist company Randall Travel Marketing, feels that some of the perceived unruly behavior is merely a reaction to a shift in the way travelers are treated now that tourism is booming across the world."I firmly believe it all lives in that front line -- giving visitor effective orientation and information," Randall says."Treat them [travelers] well, and they will reward you in kind. Leave them solely to their own devices and they will be irritated, and behave poorly."If you think about air travel -- this is exactly the case. Most people would agree that those air travelers in first class behave better than in economy."Is it because they are actually different types of people, or because they are treated better from start to finish? I think they [travelers] miss being treated well."Although there's no clear evidence that travelers are behaving any worse than before.As tourism numbers continue to increase, it seems apparent that there's a growing discontent between some destinations and the people that travel there.So if codes of conducts aren't necessarily the answer, how can destinations effectively communicate with travelers without completely alienating them?"I think a good sense of humor, willingness to listen and the desire to change matter most," says Pezzullo."We all can offend people in our own cultures, let alone other cultures with which we are less familiar."To improve the tourist industry, we need to make sure local communities have a place at the table, not just multinational corporations."Touring as a practice is pervasive, demonizing it won't help anyone."Load-Date: October 10, 2019End of Document

Travelers behaving badly: Is the conduct of tourists getting worse?CNN.comOctober 3, 2019 Thursday 10:33 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Cable News Network All Rights ReservedSection: TRAVELLength: 2726 wordsByline: Tamara Hardingham-Gill, CNNBodyWhether it's skinny dipping in Venetian canals, chasing geishas down the street in Japan, or simply turning up in unsustainable numbers, tourists have been making headlines for all the wrong reasons recently.Each week seems to bring new stories of travelers engaging in some type of transgression in popular or far-flung places.While tourists were once seen as a highly coveted source of income by destinations -- and still are in some cases -- we appear to be living in an age where traveling has become a byword for trouble.But has the behavior of tourists actually gotten worse over time, or is this simply an inevitable consequence of more and more us packing our bags and heading out into the big wide world?There's no doubt that tourism has increased dramatically in the last century. According to the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO,) there were a record 1.4 billion international tourist arrivals last year, a 6% increase on 2017.Rewind to 1970 before the travel boom brought about by low-cost airlines, that number was just 166 million. Go back even further to 1950, it was a mere 25 million.The role of tourism in the global economy has also gained significance. In 2018, it was worth about $1.7 trillion (Â£1.3 trillion,) or around 2% of the total global gross domestic product.According to the UNWTO, France is the most popular country in the world to visit, followed by Spain, the US, China and Italy.However, several destinations have been victims of their own popularity.Excessive tourism has driven many locals away from Venice, and the Italian city, along with destinations such as Ibiza and Barcelona, has introduced a tourism tax to counteract some of the detrimental impacts, such as water shortages and waste pollution.The seemingly non-stop instances of tourists gaining attention for unruly behavior hasn't done much to helpHowever, professor Phaedra C. Pezzullo, tourism specialist and author of the book "Toxic Tourism" attests that these aren't necessarily new issues."As long as humans have traveled, cultures have clashed and the environment has paid a price," says Pezzullo."Access to touring farther distances by more people has increased. I'm not sure it [behavior] is worse.""There also are hopeful stories of collaboration and ecological restoration."Social media shamingIn August, YouTube vloggers Sabina Dolezalova and Zdenek Slouka, both from the Czech Republic, issued a public apology after receiving online backlash when Slouka was filmed lifting his girlfriend's skirt and splashing water on her body inside the Beji Temple in the Sacred Monkey Forest in Ubud, Bali.The scandal came just weeks after a clip of five Australian men running naked through the streets of the Indonesian island and urinating in public went viralBoth incidents provoked widespread criticism, with officials suggesting unruly tourists should be kicked out of Bali.The Balinese tourism board says its government is in the process of preparing new legislation to regulate the behavior of travelers visiting the popular Indonesian island. But, it adds, there's no indication that misdemeanors are on the up."Currently, there are no statistics to suggest that misconduct by tourists is increasing," Herry Rachmat Widjaja, assistant deputy director for Tourism Crisis Management, Ministry of Tourism, Republic of Indonesia, tells CNN Travel."However, in this digital era, things can go viral easily, giving the impression that inappropriate conducts are increasing in number."This is actually an important reminder for the security forces and tourism industries to continue to educate tourists on respecting local culture and rituals."It's possible that recent misconduct by tourists in Bali may relate to the individual's lack of awareness and understanding of local wisdom and values of the Balinese people."Michael O'Regan, a senior lecturer at Bournemouth University and former assistant professor at the Institute for Tourism Studies, Macao, shares these sentiments, saying the trend for sharing these types of videos on social media only serves to worsen the relationship between tourists and locals."If a video goes viral, politicians are forced to act," O'Regan tells CNN Travel, referencing an incident in Venice where two German tourists were fined 950 euros (around US$1,040) after being caught on camera making coffee on the steps of city's landmark Rialto Bridge."Naming and shaming people weakens public support for tourists, creating an 'us' and 'them.'"Everyone wants this perfect tourist. But that creates a system where there are good tourists and bad tourists, which only makes things worse."Do codes of conduct work?Rome is one of several major destinations to introduce guidelines for tourists in a bid to curb bad behavior.In 2018, the Italian capital passed a law banning street drinking, organizing pub crawls and taking a dip in the city's fountains.Tourists are also prohibited from eating snacks in public places and sitting on the staircases of historic monuments such as the Spanish Steps.Sara Verde, chief executive operator and founder of Rome Tour Guide, which arranges tours of Rome and the Vatican, believes these rules are necessary, saying the conduct of tourists has had a negative impact."In July and August, the city becomes a huge sewer and the people don't care about any rules," Verde tells CNN Travel. "It's contributing towards destroying the city."Verde, who's worked in the tourism industry for nearly two decades, has witnessed countless instances of abhorrent behavior from travelers.Her horror stories involve a tourist who emptied their bladder shortly after getting off a bus to the Vatican and someone throwing up on one of the seats.According to Verde, such exploits have taken the shine off Rome somewhat."Rome is a place where you can't control the tourists any more," she adds, stressing that the behavior does seems to have worsened over time.Other destinations to introduce codes of conducts include New Zealand, which now gets visitors to pledge its "Tiaki Promise" of good behavior to deal with multiple problems associated with tourists -- including careless driving, damaging camping practices and to ignorance of safety in the outdoors.Some parts of Croatia have also opted to implement local codes of conduct.The European country, which has a population of four million, saw just under 18.7 million arrivals in 2018, meaning it has more tourists per capita than many other tourist destinations.Like Venice, Croatia has been massively impacted by cruise ship tourists, with 50,000 passenger arrivals expected in Dubrovnik this year alone.Several of the country's most popular destinations, including Split and Dubrovnik, have introduced "rules" or instructions for visitors amid concern of unruly behavior linked to alcohol use.This includes requesting that appropriate attire be worn in historic areas, bans on drinking and congregating in public areas where alcohol consumption has been prohibited, as well as offering general guidance on the best ways to avoid causing offense."In general, codes of conduct are a means of informing our visitors as to the expectations of the destination in terms of acceptable behavior," says Ina Rodin, director of North America at the Croatian National Tourist Office.Cultural misunderstandings"This is usually well-received and there has been limited resistance with regard to compliance."She goes on to stress that, while the country has experienced "isolated issues with unruly tourists," Croatia doesn't consider the behavior of tourists a serious problem at present."Usually these incidents are related to abuse of alcohol and ensuing behavior related to drunk and disorderly conduct," she says.While codes of conducts have been rolled out in some of its most popular destinations, Croatia isn't planning to issue them nationally."At the national level we would say that the best way to deal with this is to work on public awareness and education about respecting the destination one is visiting," adds Rodin.O'Regan agrees that communicating with tourists and educating them on local culture is the best course of action.He says there's no evidence to suggest codes of conduct actually work, pointing out that many tourists won't even be aware of them in the first instance."I think we're going down the wrong road," he says. "We can't expect every single tourist to be aware of every cultural practice in the place they're traveling to."Tourism was meant to educate. Travelers would go to a different destination, adapt to different cultures and come back somewhat changed."He stresses that simply placing signs in taxis or at the airport or issuing etiquette guides can prove effective.For instance, Japanese city Kyoto recently introduced a smartphone update to rein in impolite tourists after reports of travelers lying down in the street to take photos and chasing geishas.Launched by the Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Ministry in cooperation with the Kyoto city government, the pilot project involves pushing etiquette reminders through city-sponsored tourist mobile apps and portable electronics rented from local hotels.The trial, which began in late September, will run around Hanamikoji street in the Gion district until the end of the year."No one walks into the Vatican without knowing you need to cover your shoulders," says Pezzullo, stressing the tourism industry should be taking more responsibility for the behavior of travelers.While many initiatives, including the Kyoto smartphone project, provide conduct instructions for tourists once they arrive, Pezzullo feels they should come into effect earlier than this."Educational outreach about expectations before tourists even arrive can help reduce tensions," she adds. "We can't expect ready made, perfect tourists as soon as they land at a destination. It's a learning process."Being branded an unruly tourist can be damaging, as was the case for Dolezalova and Slouka, who took part in a ritual purification ceremony by way of apology for their actions.Some countries have gone to great lengths to prevent their citizens from being named and shamed in such a manner.After a spate of negative stories regarding Chinese tourists, the government went as far as to issue citizens with a code of conduct manual named, "Guide to Civilized Tourism and Travel."The 64-page book, released in 2013, advised against spitting and queue-jumping as well as lying down in public or removing your shoes and socks.But while we can certainly make a case for cultural misinterpretations in some instances, this doesn't explain all incidents of tourists acting out.Lower inhibitionsAccording to tourism expert Dr. Peter E. Tarlow, some travelers are likely to behave out of character while in a new destination due to the excitement and the anonymity of being somewhere seemingly unconnected to their everyday lives."Being away from home, travelers tend to lower their inhibitions, standards and behavior," he wrote in his 2018 book "Tourism-Oriented Policing and Protective Services.""Because many travelers enjoy their feeling of anonymity, they are more willing to engage in rude, semi-legal or even illegal activities about which they would not engage at home."This lowering of inhibitions can range from minimal issues such as the use of foul language to issues of drunkenness or the use of illegal drugs."The problem of low inhibitions is one that runs throughout almost all aspects of tourism policing."This certainly seems to have been the case for Amsterdam, which became synonymous with bachelor parties, drunken tourists and binge-drinking as travelers took advantage of the city's freedom and liberalism.After numerous complaints from locals, the Dutch capital opted to introduce on-the-spot fines for drunkenness or excessive noise and banned its popular beer bikes to clamp down on unruly visitors.Earlier this year, the city government also announced it will end tours of the Red Light District in central Amsterdam, amid concerns that sex workers are being treated as a tourist attraction."Amsterdam is an attractive city and the number of visitors is growing," a spokesperson from amsterdam&partners, a nonprofit organization focused on building the reputation of the Amsterdam metropolitan area, tells CNN Travel."This attraction has positive sides, but there is also a downside: some visitors cause a nuisance by being too loud or by urinating or being intoxicated in public."We are seeing an increase in litter, which can be an extreme nuisance in some areas. This affects the quality of life in certain neighborhoods."in April, the city launched the Enjoy & Respect campaign in order to tackle offensive behavior from tourists in the city, and amsterdam&partners feels the message is getting through."We make it clear to visitors that behavior like this is unacceptable and has consequences," says the spokesperson."Structurally influencing the perception that not everything is tolerated in Amsterdam will lead to a behavioral change in the long term."Backlash from localsAmsterdam is now so popular with travelers, officials have opted to stop advertising it as a tourist destination.The city has also raised tourism tax by an extra three euros per person -- about US$3 -- per night for travelers staying overnight in hotels and imposed stricter rules on Airbnb in order to combat the problem."Overcrowding can also cause considerable nuisance, especially if there are too many pedestrians, cyclists, and motorists in a given place at a given time," addsthe spokesperson, explaining that this has also had a negative impact on the lives of local residents.Of course, Amsterdam isn't the only destination in which mass tourism has had a devastating impacted on its residents' quality of life.Every year, around 1,000 locals leave Venice, as the cost of living increases due to rising numbers of tourists.In 2017, 150,000 people marched against the growing number of tourists flocking to Barcelona and the popularity of AirBnB, which has led to a housing shortage in the Italian city.O'Regan feels that locals should have more of a say in how tourism is managed in different destinations as they are the ones most affected."Politicians and advisers need to look past numbers and ask locals what's really going on," he says."Before thinking about codes and practices, entrance fees or even banning coaches from city centers, they need to fully assess the impact."Is having cruise ports at places like Venice and Dubrovnik adding anything to anyone's quality of life, for example?"Of course, being considered a problem by various destinations isn't exactly encouraging for prospective tourists.Judy Randall, CEO of travel and tourism research specialist company Randall Travel Marketing, feels that some of the perceived unruly behavior is merely a reaction to a shift in the way travelers are treated now that tourism is booming across the world."I firmly believe it all lives in that front line -- giving visitor effective orientation and information," Randall says."Treat them [travelers] well, and they will reward you in kind. Leave them solely to their own devices and they will be irritated, and behave poorly."If you think about air travel -- this is exactly the case. Most people would agree that those air travelers in first class behave better than in economy."Is it because they are actually different types of people, or because they are treated better from start to finish? I think they [travelers] miss being treated well."Although there's no clear evidence that travelers are behaving any worse than before.As tourism numbers continue to increase, it seems apparent that there's a growing discontent between some destinations and the people that travel there.So if codes of conducts aren't necessarily the answer, how can destinations effectively communicate with travelers without completely alienating them?"I think a good sense of humor, willingness to listen and the desire to change matter most," says Pezzullo."We all can offend people in our own cultures, let alone other cultures with which we are less familiar."To improve the tourist industry, we need to make sure local communities have a place at the table, not just multinational corporations."Touring as a practice is pervasive, demonizing it won't help anyone."Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Waning Optimism About Trade Talks May Generate Selling PressureCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 8, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1904 wordsBody       The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Tuesday, with stocks likely to see further downside after ending Monday's choppy trading session modestly lower. Waning optimism about upcoming U.S.-China trade talks may generate early selling pressure after a report from the South China Morning Post said China is subtly toning down expectations ahead of this week's high-level negotiations. The SCMP said Chinese Vice Premier Liu He is leading China's delegation to Washington but will not carry the title of "special envoy" for President Xi Jinping, an early indication that Liu has not been given any particular instructions from China's leader. A source briefed on preparations for the trade talks also told the SCMP that the Chinese delegation may cut short their stay in Washington. News that the U.S. has expanded its trade blacklist to include some of China's top artificial intelligence firms may also cast a shadow over the talks along with a Bloomberg report the White House is discussing blocking government pension funds from investing in China. The negative sentiment may be partly offset by a Labor Department report showing an unexpected decrease in U.S. producer prices in the month of September. The tame inflation data may clear the way for the Federal Reserve to continue cutting interest rates amid signs of slowing economic growth. Stocks showed a lack of direction over the course of the trading session on Monday, with the major averages bouncing back and forth across the unchanged line following the rally seen last Friday. The major averages eventually ended the day in negative territory. The Dow fell 95.70 points or 0.4 percent to 26,478.02, the Nasdaq dipped 26.18 points or 0.3 percent to 7,956.29 and the S&P; 500 slid 13.22 points or 0.5 percent to 2,938.79. The choppy trading on Wall Street came as traders seemed reluctant to make significant moves ahead of the next round of high-level trade talks in Washington later this week. Ahead of the talks, scheduled to begin on Thursday, a report from Bloomberg News said Chinese officials are signaling they're increasingly reluctant to agree to the broad trade deal being pursued by President Donald Trump. Citing people familiar with the discussions, Bloomberg said senior Chinese officials have indicated the range of topics they're willing to discuss has narrowed considerably. An offer from Chinese Vice Premier Liu He would purportedly not include reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. The upcoming negotiations come as the trade war continues to hang over the economy, with a survey by the National Association for Business Economics showing 53 percent of economists see trade policy as the key downside risk to the economy. The NABE said four out of five panelists believe that risks to the economic outlook are weighted to the downside, an increase from the 60 percent who held this view in June. "The panel turned decidedly more pessimistic about the outlook over the summer, with 80% of participants viewing risks to the outlook as tilted to the downside," said Survey Chair Gregory Daco, chief U.S. economist at Oxford Economics.  He added, "The rise in protectionism, pervasive trade policy uncertainty, and slower global growth are considered key downside risks to U.S. economic activity." Most of the major sectors showed only modest moves on the day, contributing to the lackluster performance by the broader markets. Natural gas stocks showed a significant move to the downside, however, with the NYSE Arca Natural Gas Index sliding by 1.3 percent.  The weakness among natural gas stocks came amid a decrease by the price of the commodity, as natural gas for November delivery fell $0.049 to $2.303 per million BTUs. Steel, oil service and gold stocks also saw notable weakness on the day, while modest strength was visible among telecom stocks. Commodity, Currency Markets  Crude oil futures are sliding $0.70 to $52.05 a barrel after edging down $0.06 to $52.75 a barrel on Monday. Meanwhile, after falling $8.50 to $1,504.40 an ounce in the previous session, gold futures are rising $5.30 to $1,509.70 an ounce. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 106.93 yen compared to the 107.26 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.0988 compared to yesterday's $1.0971. Asia Asian stocks rose on Tuesday after White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said he is hopeful about trade talks with China, saying that the delegates are starting with a "clean slate, reopening the door." "And as you know, Thursday and Friday, the principals' levels will be meeting and we are waiting for the Chinese offer. We are open, open to almost anything right now," Kudlow said. Chinese Vice Premier Liu He is scheduled to meet U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin in Washington. Chinese stocks rose as a dim services sector survey reinforced hopes that Beijing will expand stimulus to boost growth.  The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index rose 8.38 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,913.57 as traders returned to their desks after a week-long holiday. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index edged up 72.37 points, or 0.3 percent, to 25,893.40. China's private sector expanded at the fastest pace in five months in September, survey data from IHS Markit showed. The Caixin composite output index rose to 51.9 from 51.6 in August. The latest expansion was the strongest rate since April. The services PMI fell to a seven-month low of 51.3 from 52.1 in the previous month. The reading was expected to fall marginally to 52.0. Tokyo stocks rebounded, with chipmakers surging after South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics posted better than expected earnings. The yen's retreat against the U.S. dollar also gave exporters a lift. The Nikkei 225 Index rallied 212.53 points, or 1 percent, to 21,587.78, while the broader Topix closed 0.9 percent higher at 1,586.50. Tokyo Electron rose 1.4 percent, Screen Holdings advanced 3.7 percent, Sumco jumped 3.8 percent and Advantest soared 4.4 percent. On the economic front, a government report showed that Japan had a current account surplus of 2,157.7 billion yen in August, up 18.3 percent year-on-year. That beat expectations for a surplus of 2,100 billion yen and was up from the 1,999.9 billion yen surplus in July. The trade balance showed a surplus of 50.9 billion yen, beating forecasts for 36.4 billion yen following the 74.5 billion yen deficit in the previous month.  Another report revealed that average household spending in Japan was up an annual 1.0 percent in August, matching expectations.  Australian markets closed higher for the third straight day as miners and energy stocks gained ground ahead of another round of U.S.-China trade talks. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 Index rose 29.80 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,593.40, while the broader All Ordinaries Index ended up 27 points, or 0.4 percent, at 6,713.70. Oil and gas producer Santos rallied 2 percent after announcing a strong oil flow at a field in Western Australia. Mining heavyweights BHP and Rio Tinto gained 0.7 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively, as copper prices firmed up.  Gold miners Evolution and Newcrest ended on a subdued note as gold prices declined on optimism over the U.S.-China negotiations. ANZ Banking rose 0.4 percent. The lender has announced another A$559 million in second-half provisions for customer remediation and set aside A$1.10 billion of post-tax remediation provisions over the last two years. Ansell advanced 0.9 percent. The protective glove manufacturer said it would seek shareholder approval at its annual general meeting on November 14 for the on-market buyback of 26.4 million shares.  Seoul stocks rallied, with tech and auto stocks pacing the gainers after Samsung Electronics delivered better than anticipated third-quarter earnings, helped by a recovery in the mobile device and display sectors.  The benchmark Kospi jumped 24.52 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,046.25, while Samsung shares spiked 2.4 percent. Europe European stocks have moved lower on Tuesday as investors brace for the next round of high-level trade talks between the U.S. and China starting Thursday.  Traders are also digesting comments from a source in British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's office suggesting that a Brexit deal was essentially impossible. The day's economic data proved to be a mixed bag, with China's services sector growing at its slowest pace in seven months in September, while a surprise rebound in German industrial production in August suggested that the biggest euro area economy may avoid recession. The pound is moving lower after official data showed that U.K. labor productivity contracted in the second quarter at the fastest pace in five years. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has fallen by 0.4 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are down by 1 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively. Shares of London Stock Exchange Group have slumped after Hong Kong's bourse abandoned its bid for the company. easyJet has fallen sharply despite the airline delivering a solid performance in the fourth quarter and predicting it will hit upper profit guidance of up to £430 million for its full year. Recruiter PageGroup has also plunged after downgrading its profit outlook. Swiss-Irish food group Aryzta has also tumbled as it reported a drop in organic revenue in North America in the past 12 months.  On the other hand, AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. has advanced after it agreed to form a joint venture with Shell Catalysts &Technologies; to provide a sustainable solution for catalyst reclamation and recycling. U.S. Economic Reports Producer prices in the U.S. unexpectedly decreased in the month of September, according to a report released by the Labor Department. The Labor Department said its producer price index for final demand fell by 0.3 percent in September after inching up by 0.1 percent in August. The drop surprised economists, who had expected another 0.1 percent uptick. Excluding food and energy prices, core producer prices also slid by 0.3 percent in September after climbing by 0.3 percent in August. Economists had expected core prices to rise by 0.2 percent. At 1 pm ET, the Treasury Department is scheduled to announce the results of this month's auction of $38 billion worth of three-year notes. Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans is due to speak at a Chicago Rotary Club Luncheon in Chicago, Illinois, at 1:35 pm ET. At 1:50 pm ET, Fed Chairman Jerome Powell is scheduled to speak at the 61st National Association of Business Economics Annual Meeting in Denver, Colorado. Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari is slated to speak at a town hall at St. Cloud State University in St. Cloud, Minnesota, at 5 pm ET. Stocks In Focus Shares of Domino's Pizza (DPZ) are moving significantly lower in pre-market trading after the pizza chain reported weaker than expected fiscal third quarter results. Chipmaker Ambarella (AMBA) is also seeing substantial pre-market weakness after one of its Chinese customers was blacklisted by the U.S. government. On the other hand, shares of Helen of Troy (HELE) are likely to see initial strength after the personal care products maker reported fiscal second quarter results that beat estimates and raised its full-year guidance.        Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Waning Optimism About Trade Talks May Generate Selling PressureRTT News (United States)October 8, 2019 TuesdayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 1904 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Tuesday, with stocks likely to see further downside after ending Monday's choppy trading session modestly lower. Waning optimism about upcoming U.S.-China trade talks may generate early selling pressure after a report from the South China Morning Post said China is subtly toning down expectations ahead of this week's high-level negotiations. The SCMP said Chinese Vice Premier Liu He is leading China's delegation to Washington but will not carry the title of "special envoy" for President Xi Jinping, an early indication that Liu has not been given any particular instructions from China's leader. A source briefed on preparations for the trade talks also told the SCMP that the Chinese delegation may cut short their stay in Washington. News that the U.S. has expanded its trade blacklist to include some of China's top artificial intelligence firms may also cast a shadow over the talks along with a Bloomberg report the White House is discussing blocking government pension funds from investing in China. The negative sentiment may be partly offset by a Labor Department report showing an unexpected decrease in U.S. producer prices in the month of September. The tame inflation data may clear the way for the Federal Reserve to continue cutting interest rates amid signs of slowing economic growth. Stocks showed a lack of direction over the course of the trading session on Monday, with the major averages bouncing back and forth across the unchanged line following the rally seen last Friday. The major averages eventually ended the day in negative territory. The Dow fell 95.70 points or 0.4 percent to 26,478.02, the Nasdaq dipped 26.18 points or 0.3 percent to 7,956.29 and the S&P; 500 slid 13.22 points or 0.5 percent to 2,938.79. The choppy trading on Wall Street came as traders seemed reluctant to make significant moves ahead of the next round of high-level trade talks in Washington later this week. Ahead of the talks, scheduled to begin on Thursday, a report from Bloomberg News said Chinese officials are signaling they're increasingly reluctant to agree to the broad trade deal being pursued by President Donald Trump. Citing people familiar with the discussions, Bloomberg said senior Chinese officials have indicated the range of topics they're willing to discuss has narrowed considerably. An offer from Chinese Vice Premier Liu He would purportedly not include reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. The upcoming negotiations come as the trade war continues to hang over the economy, with a survey by the National Association for Business Economics showing 53 percent of economists see trade policy as the key downside risk to the economy. The NABE said four out of five panelists believe that risks to the economic outlook are weighted to the downside, an increase from the 60 percent who held this view in June. "The panel turned decidedly more pessimistic about the outlook over the summer, with 80% of participants viewing risks to the outlook as tilted to the downside," said Survey Chair Gregory Daco, chief U.S. economist at Oxford Economics.  He added, "The rise in protectionism, pervasive trade policy uncertainty, and slower global growth are considered key downside risks to U.S. economic activity." Most of the major sectors showed only modest moves on the day, contributing to the lackluster performance by the broader markets. Natural gas stocks showed a significant move to the downside, however, with the NYSE Arca Natural Gas Index sliding by 1.3 percent.  The weakness among natural gas stocks came amid a decrease by the price of the commodity, as natural gas for November delivery fell $0.049 to $2.303 per million BTUs. Steel, oil service and gold stocks also saw notable weakness on the day, while modest strength was visible among telecom stocks. Commodity, Currency Markets  Crude oil futures are sliding $0.70 to $52.05 a barrel after edging down $0.06 to $52.75 a barrel on Monday. Meanwhile, after falling $8.50 to $1,504.40 an ounce in the previous session, gold futures are rising $5.30 to $1,509.70 an ounce. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 106.93 yen compared to the 107.26 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.0988 compared to yesterday's $1.0971. Asia Asian stocks rose on Tuesday after White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said he is hopeful about trade talks with China, saying that the delegates are starting with a "clean slate, reopening the door." "And as you know, Thursday and Friday, the principals' levels will be meeting and we are waiting for the Chinese offer. We are open, open to almost anything right now," Kudlow said. Chinese Vice Premier Liu He is scheduled to meet U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin in Washington. Chinese stocks rose as a dim services sector survey reinforced hopes that Beijing will expand stimulus to boost growth.  The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index rose 8.38 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,913.57 as traders returned to their desks after a week-long holiday. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index edged up 72.37 points, or 0.3 percent, to 25,893.40. China's private sector expanded at the fastest pace in five months in September, survey data from IHS Markit showed. The Caixin composite output index rose to 51.9 from 51.6 in August. The latest expansion was the strongest rate since April. The services PMI fell to a seven-month low of 51.3 from 52.1 in the previous month. The reading was expected to fall marginally to 52.0. Tokyo stocks rebounded, with chipmakers surging after South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics posted better than expected earnings. The yen's retreat against the U.S. dollar also gave exporters a lift. The Nikkei 225 Index rallied 212.53 points, or 1 percent, to 21,587.78, while the broader Topix closed 0.9 percent higher at 1,586.50. Tokyo Electron rose 1.4 percent, Screen Holdings advanced 3.7 percent, Sumco jumped 3.8 percent and Advantest soared 4.4 percent. On the economic front, a government report showed that Japan had a current account surplus of 2,157.7 billion yen in August, up 18.3 percent year-on-year. That beat expectations for a surplus of 2,100 billion yen and was up from the 1,999.9 billion yen surplus in July. The trade balance showed a surplus of 50.9 billion yen, beating forecasts for 36.4 billion yen following the 74.5 billion yen deficit in the previous month.  Another report revealed that average household spending in Japan was up an annual 1.0 percent in August, matching expectations.  Australian markets closed higher for the third straight day as miners and energy stocks gained ground ahead of another round of U.S.-China trade talks. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 Index rose 29.80 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,593.40, while the broader All Ordinaries Index ended up 27 points, or 0.4 percent, at 6,713.70. Oil and gas producer Santos rallied 2 percent after announcing a strong oil flow at a field in Western Australia. Mining heavyweights BHP and Rio Tinto gained 0.7 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively, as copper prices firmed up.  Gold miners Evolution and Newcrest ended on a subdued note as gold prices declined on optimism over the U.S.-China negotiations. ANZ Banking rose 0.4 percent. The lender has announced another A$559 million in second-half provisions for customer remediation and set aside A$1.10 billion of post-tax remediation provisions over the last two years. Ansell advanced 0.9 percent. The protective glove manufacturer said it would seek shareholder approval at its annual general meeting on November 14 for the on-market buyback of 26.4 million shares.  Seoul stocks rallied, with tech and auto stocks pacing the gainers after Samsung Electronics delivered better than anticipated third-quarter earnings, helped by a recovery in the mobile device and display sectors.  The benchmark Kospi jumped 24.52 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,046.25, while Samsung shares spiked 2.4 percent. Europe European stocks have moved lower on Tuesday as investors brace for the next round of high-level trade talks between the U.S. and China starting Thursday.  Traders are also digesting comments from a source in British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's office suggesting that a Brexit deal was essentially impossible. The day's economic data proved to be a mixed bag, with China's services sector growing at its slowest pace in seven months in September, while a surprise rebound in German industrial production in August suggested that the biggest euro area economy may avoid recession. The pound is moving lower after official data showed that U.K. labor productivity contracted in the second quarter at the fastest pace in five years. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has fallen by 0.4 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are down by 1 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively. Shares of London Stock Exchange Group have slumped after Hong Kong's bourse abandoned its bid for the company. easyJet has fallen sharply despite the airline delivering a solid performance in the fourth quarter and predicting it will hit upper profit guidance of up to £430 million for its full year. Recruiter PageGroup has also plunged after downgrading its profit outlook. Swiss-Irish food group Aryzta has also tumbled as it reported a drop in organic revenue in North America in the past 12 months.  On the other hand, AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. has advanced after it agreed to form a joint venture with Shell Catalysts &Technologies; to provide a sustainable solution for catalyst reclamation and recycling. U.S. Economic Reports Producer prices in the U.S. unexpectedly decreased in the month of September, according to a report released by the Labor Department. The Labor Department said its producer price index for final demand fell by 0.3 percent in September after inching up by 0.1 percent in August. The drop surprised economists, who had expected another 0.1 percent uptick. Excluding food and energy prices, core producer prices also slid by 0.3 percent in September after climbing by 0.3 percent in August. Economists had expected core prices to rise by 0.2 percent. At 1 pm ET, the Treasury Department is scheduled to announce the results of this month's auction of $38 billion worth of three-year notes. Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans is due to speak at a Chicago Rotary Club Luncheon in Chicago, Illinois, at 1:35 pm ET. At 1:50 pm ET, Fed Chairman Jerome Powell is scheduled to speak at the 61st National Association of Business Economics Annual Meeting in Denver, Colorado. Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari is slated to speak at a town hall at St. Cloud State University in St. Cloud, Minnesota, at 5 pm ET. Stocks In Focus Shares of Domino's Pizza (DPZ) are moving significantly lower in pre-market trading after the pizza chain reported weaker than expected fiscal third quarter results. Chipmaker Ambarella (AMBA) is also seeing substantial pre-market weakness after one of its Chinese customers was blacklisted by the U.S. government. On the other hand, shares of Helen of Troy (HELE) are likely to see initial strength after the personal care products maker reported fiscal second quarter results that beat estimates and raised its full-year guidance.        Load-Date: October 9, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 4:25 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4560 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 16:20 ETDow: -95.77...Nasdaq: -26.18... S&P: -13.2...NYSE Vol: 841.5 mln.. Adv: 952.. Dec: 1615Nasdaq Vol: 1.7 bln.. Adv: 1318.. Dec: 1751Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed amid trade speculation-- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Relatively light trading volumeStrong: Communication ServicesWeak: Energy, Consumer Staples16:20 ETDow -95.77 at 26477.95, Nasdaq -26.18 at 7956.3, S&P -13.2 at 2938.85[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 952/1615. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1318/1751.15:25 ETDow -40.05 at 26533.67, Nasdaq -9.71 at 7972.77, S&P -6.84 at 2945.21[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 continues to trade just below its flat line with a 0.2% decline.One last look inside the S&P 500 shows nine of the 11 sectors in the red with losses ranging from 0.2% (health care) to 0.6% (consumer staples). The communication services (+0.3%) and materials (+0.1%) sectors remain in the green.WTI crude settled unchanged at $52.79/bbl, unable to hold onto its intraday gains.15:00 ETDow -47.73 at 26525.99, Nasdaq -12.48 at 7970, S&P -7.09 at 2944.96[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down 0.3%, while the Russell 2000 is down 0.1%.Just in, the Consumer Credit report for August showed an increase of $17.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion), and July credit growth was revised to $23.1 billion from $23.3 billion.14:30 ETDow -38.64 at 26535.08, Nasdaq -9.66 at 7972.82, S&P -6.71 at 2945.34[BRIEFING.COM] If you've been watching the broader market in the last hour hopefully you didn't step away for too long. Action has been volatile and quick with a boost higher an hour ago initially fueled by a headline from a FOX Business reporter, who said the Chinese Commerce Ministry was ready to do a deal on the parts of the negotiations both sides agree on and are prepared to lay out a timetable for the harder issues to be worked out next year.The same reporter then half an hour later tweeted that the Chinese Commerce Ministry stated what was not on the table and never would be was changes to their laws to protect intellectual property, a tweet which prompted a sell off of the aforementioned gains.Alas, all three major averages dipped back into negative territory in the last half hour though only the S&P 500 hosts gains at the moment, down 0.07%.Today's best performers in the S&P 500 include ConocoPhillips (COP 54.97, +1.47, +2.75%) -- after this morning's news of a dividend raise and buyback, Kohl's (KSS 48.75, +1.57, +3.33%), and Moody's (MCO 209.07, +5.51, +2.71%) -- on this morning's upgraded of the stock to a "Buy" from a "Neutral" out of UBS.Conversely, Noble Energy (NBL 19.90, -0.69, -3.35%) sits at the bottom of the index.14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 4:20 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4558 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 16:20 ETDow: -95.77...Nasdaq: -26.18... S&P: -13.2...NYSE Vol: 841.5 mln.. Adv: 952.. Dec: 1615Nasdaq Vol: 1.7 bln.. Adv: 1318.. Dec: 1751Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed amid trade speculation-- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Relatively light trading volumeStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials16:20 ETDow -95.77 at 26477.95, Nasdaq -26.18 at 7956.3, S&P -13.2 at 2938.85[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) reportedly said wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 952/1615. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1318/1751.15:25 ETDow -40.05 at 26533.67, Nasdaq -9.71 at 7972.77, S&P -6.84 at 2945.21[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 continues to trade just below its flat line with a 0.2% decline.One last look inside the S&P 500 shows nine of the 11 sectors in the red with losses ranging from 0.2% (health care) to 0.6% (consumer staples). The communication services (+0.3%) and materials (+0.1%) sectors remain in the green.WTI crude settled unchanged at $52.79/bbl, unable to hold onto its intraday gains.15:00 ETDow -47.73 at 26525.99, Nasdaq -12.48 at 7970, S&P -7.09 at 2944.96[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down 0.3%, while the Russell 2000 is down 0.1%.Just in, the Consumer Credit report for August showed an increase of $17.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion), and July credit growth was revised to $23.1 billion from $23.3 billion.14:30 ETDow -38.64 at 26535.08, Nasdaq -9.66 at 7972.82, S&P -6.71 at 2945.34[BRIEFING.COM] If you've been watching the broader market in the last hour hopefully you didn't step away for too long. Action has been volatile and quick with a boost higher an hour ago initially fueled by a headline from a FOX Business reporter, who said the Chinese Commerce Ministry was ready to do a deal on the parts of the negotiations both sides agree on and are prepared to lay out a timetable for the harder issues to be worked out next year.The same reporter then half an hour later tweeted that the Chinese Commerce Ministry stated what was not on the table and never would be was changes to their laws to protect intellectual property, a tweet which prompted a sell off of the aforementioned gains.Alas, all three major averages dipped back into negative territory in the last half hour though only the S&P 500 hosts gains at the moment, down 0.07%.Today's best performers in the S&P 500 include ConocoPhillips (COP 54.97, +1.47, +2.75%) -- after this morning's news of a dividend raise and buyback, Kohl's (KSS 48.75, +1.57, +3.33%), and Moody's (MCO 209.07, +5.51, +2.71%) -- on this morning's upgraded of the stock to a "Buy" from a "Neutral" out of UBS.Conversely, Noble Energy (NBL 19.90, -0.69, -3.35%) sits at the bottom of the index.14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 4:25 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4560 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 16:20 ETDow: -95.77...Nasdaq: -26.18... S&P: -13.2...NYSE Vol: 841.5 mln.. Adv: 952.. Dec: 1615Nasdaq Vol: 1.7 bln.. Adv: 1318.. Dec: 1751Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed amid trade speculation-- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Relatively light trading volumeStrong: Communication ServicesWeak: Energy, Consumer Staples16:20 ETDow -95.77 at 26477.95, Nasdaq -26.18 at 7956.3, S&P -13.2 at 2938.85[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 952/1615. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1318/1751.15:25 ETDow -40.05 at 26533.67, Nasdaq -9.71 at 7972.77, S&P -6.84 at 2945.21[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 continues to trade just below its flat line with a 0.2% decline.One last look inside the S&P 500 shows nine of the 11 sectors in the red with losses ranging from 0.2% (health care) to 0.6% (consumer staples). The communication services (+0.3%) and materials (+0.1%) sectors remain in the green.WTI crude settled unchanged at $52.79/bbl, unable to hold onto its intraday gains.15:00 ETDow -47.73 at 26525.99, Nasdaq -12.48 at 7970, S&P -7.09 at 2944.96[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down 0.3%, while the Russell 2000 is down 0.1%.Just in, the Consumer Credit report for August showed an increase of $17.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion), and July credit growth was revised to $23.1 billion from $23.3 billion.14:30 ETDow -38.64 at 26535.08, Nasdaq -9.66 at 7972.82, S&P -6.71 at 2945.34[BRIEFING.COM] If you've been watching the broader market in the last hour hopefully you didn't step away for too long. Action has been volatile and quick with a boost higher an hour ago initially fueled by a headline from a FOX Business reporter, who said the Chinese Commerce Ministry was ready to do a deal on the parts of the negotiations both sides agree on and are prepared to lay out a timetable for the harder issues to be worked out next year.The same reporter then half an hour later tweeted that the Chinese Commerce Ministry stated what was not on the table and never would be was changes to their laws to protect intellectual property, a tweet which prompted a sell off of the aforementioned gains.Alas, all three major averages dipped back into negative territory in the last half hour though only the S&P 500 hosts gains at the moment, down 0.07%.Today's best performers in the S&P 500 include ConocoPhillips (COP 54.97, +1.47, +2.75%) -- after this morning's news of a dividend raise and buyback, Kohl's (KSS 48.75, +1.57, +3.33%), and Moody's (MCO 209.07, +5.51, +2.71%) -- on this morning's upgraded of the stock to a "Buy" from a "Neutral" out of UBS.Conversely, Noble Energy (NBL 19.90, -0.69, -3.35%) sits at the bottom of the index.14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 4:20 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4558 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 16:20 ETDow: -95.77...Nasdaq: -26.18... S&P: -13.2...NYSE Vol: 841.5 mln.. Adv: 952.. Dec: 1615Nasdaq Vol: 1.7 bln.. Adv: 1318.. Dec: 1751Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed amid trade speculation-- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Relatively light trading volumeStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials16:20 ETDow -95.77 at 26477.95, Nasdaq -26.18 at 7956.3, S&P -13.2 at 2938.85[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) reportedly said wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 952/1615. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1318/1751.15:25 ETDow -40.05 at 26533.67, Nasdaq -9.71 at 7972.77, S&P -6.84 at 2945.21[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 continues to trade just below its flat line with a 0.2% decline.One last look inside the S&P 500 shows nine of the 11 sectors in the red with losses ranging from 0.2% (health care) to 0.6% (consumer staples). The communication services (+0.3%) and materials (+0.1%) sectors remain in the green.WTI crude settled unchanged at $52.79/bbl, unable to hold onto its intraday gains.15:00 ETDow -47.73 at 26525.99, Nasdaq -12.48 at 7970, S&P -7.09 at 2944.96[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down 0.3%, while the Russell 2000 is down 0.1%.Just in, the Consumer Credit report for August showed an increase of $17.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion), and July credit growth was revised to $23.1 billion from $23.3 billion.14:30 ETDow -38.64 at 26535.08, Nasdaq -9.66 at 7972.82, S&P -6.71 at 2945.34[BRIEFING.COM] If you've been watching the broader market in the last hour hopefully you didn't step away for too long. Action has been volatile and quick with a boost higher an hour ago initially fueled by a headline from a FOX Business reporter, who said the Chinese Commerce Ministry was ready to do a deal on the parts of the negotiations both sides agree on and are prepared to lay out a timetable for the harder issues to be worked out next year.The same reporter then half an hour later tweeted that the Chinese Commerce Ministry stated what was not on the table and never would be was changes to their laws to protect intellectual property, a tweet which prompted a sell off of the aforementioned gains.Alas, all three major averages dipped back into negative territory in the last half hour though only the S&P 500 hosts gains at the moment, down 0.07%.Today's best performers in the S&P 500 include ConocoPhillips (COP 54.97, +1.47, +2.75%) -- after this morning's news of a dividend raise and buyback, Kohl's (KSS 48.75, +1.57, +3.33%), and Moody's (MCO 209.07, +5.51, +2.71%) -- on this morning's upgraded of the stock to a "Buy" from a "Neutral" out of UBS.Conversely, Noble Energy (NBL 19.90, -0.69, -3.35%) sits at the bottom of the index.14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 4:30 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4556 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 16:20 ETDow: -95.77...Nasdaq: -26.18... S&P: -13.2...NYSE Vol: 841.5 mln.. Adv: 952.. Dec: 1615Nasdaq Vol: 1.7 bln.. Adv: 1318.. Dec: 1751Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market closed slightly lower amid trade speculation and indecision -- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive-- Bloomberg report suggested China was currently not interested in a complete trade deal that would resolve structural trade issues-- Relatively light trading volumeStrong: Communication ServicesWeak: Energy, Consumer Staples16:20 ETDow -95.77 at 26477.95, Nasdaq -26.18 at 7956.3, S&P -13.2 at 2938.85[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 952/1615. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1318/1751.15:25 ETDow -40.05 at 26533.67, Nasdaq -9.71 at 7972.77, S&P -6.84 at 2945.21[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 continues to trade just below its flat line with a 0.2% decline.One last look inside the S&P 500 shows nine of the 11 sectors in the red with losses ranging from 0.2% (health care) to 0.6% (consumer staples). The communication services (+0.3%) and materials (+0.1%) sectors remain in the green.WTI crude settled unchanged at $52.79/bbl, unable to hold onto its intraday gains.15:00 ETDow -47.73 at 26525.99, Nasdaq -12.48 at 7970, S&P -7.09 at 2944.96[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down 0.3%, while the Russell 2000 is down 0.1%.Just in, the Consumer Credit report for August showed an increase of $17.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion), and July credit growth was revised to $23.1 billion from $23.3 billion.14:30 ETDow -38.64 at 26535.08, Nasdaq -9.66 at 7972.82, S&P -6.71 at 2945.34[BRIEFING.COM] If you've been watching the broader market in the last hour hopefully you didn't step away for too long. Action has been volatile and quick with a boost higher an hour ago initially fueled by a headline from a FOX Business reporter, who said the Chinese Commerce Ministry was ready to do a deal on the parts of the negotiations both sides agree on and are prepared to lay out a timetable for the harder issues to be worked out next year.The same reporter then half an hour later tweeted that the Chinese Commerce Ministry stated what was not on the table and never would be was changes to their laws to protect intellectual property, a tweet which prompted a sell off of the aforementioned gains.Alas, all three major averages dipped back into negative territory in the last half hour though only the S&P 500 hosts gains at the moment, down 0.07%.Today's best performers in the S&P 500 include ConocoPhillips (COP 54.97, +1.47, +2.75%) -- after this morning's news of a dividend raise and buyback, Kohl's (KSS 48.75, +1.57, +3.33%), and Moody's (MCO 209.07, +5.51, +2.71%) -- on this morning's upgraded of the stock to a "Buy" from a "Neutral" out of UBS.Conversely, Noble Energy (NBL 19.90, -0.69, -3.35%) sits at the bottom of the index.14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 4:35 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4556 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 16:20 ETDow: -95.77...Nasdaq: -26.18... S&P: -13.2...NYSE Vol: 841.5 mln.. Adv: 952.. Dec: 1615Nasdaq Vol: 1.7 bln.. Adv: 1318.. Dec: 1751Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market closed slightly lower amid trade speculation and indecision -- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive-- Bloomberg report suggested China was not currently interested in a complete trade deal that would resolve structural trade issues-- Relatively light trading volumeStrong: Communication ServicesWeak: Energy, Consumer Staples16:20 ETDow -95.77 at 26477.95, Nasdaq -26.18 at 7956.3, S&P -13.2 at 2938.85[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 952/1615. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1318/1751.15:25 ETDow -40.05 at 26533.67, Nasdaq -9.71 at 7972.77, S&P -6.84 at 2945.21[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 continues to trade just below its flat line with a 0.2% decline.One last look inside the S&P 500 shows nine of the 11 sectors in the red with losses ranging from 0.2% (health care) to 0.6% (consumer staples). The communication services (+0.3%) and materials (+0.1%) sectors remain in the green.WTI crude settled unchanged at $52.79/bbl, unable to hold onto its intraday gains.15:00 ETDow -47.73 at 26525.99, Nasdaq -12.48 at 7970, S&P -7.09 at 2944.96[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down 0.3%, while the Russell 2000 is down 0.1%.Just in, the Consumer Credit report for August showed an increase of $17.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion), and July credit growth was revised to $23.1 billion from $23.3 billion.14:30 ETDow -38.64 at 26535.08, Nasdaq -9.66 at 7972.82, S&P -6.71 at 2945.34[BRIEFING.COM] If you've been watching the broader market in the last hour hopefully you didn't step away for too long. Action has been volatile and quick with a boost higher an hour ago initially fueled by a headline from a FOX Business reporter, who said the Chinese Commerce Ministry was ready to do a deal on the parts of the negotiations both sides agree on and are prepared to lay out a timetable for the harder issues to be worked out next year.The same reporter then half an hour later tweeted that the Chinese Commerce Ministry stated what was not on the table and never would be was changes to their laws to protect intellectual property, a tweet which prompted a sell off of the aforementioned gains.Alas, all three major averages dipped back into negative territory in the last half hour though only the S&P 500 hosts gains at the moment, down 0.07%.Today's best performers in the S&P 500 include ConocoPhillips (COP 54.97, +1.47, +2.75%) -- after this morning's news of a dividend raise and buyback, Kohl's (KSS 48.75, +1.57, +3.33%), and Moody's (MCO 209.07, +5.51, +2.71%) -- on this morning's upgraded of the stock to a "Buy" from a "Neutral" out of UBS.Conversely, Noble Energy (NBL 19.90, -0.69, -3.35%) sits at the bottom of the index.14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 4:35 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 4556 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 16:20 ETDow: -95.77...Nasdaq: -26.18... S&P: -13.2...NYSE Vol: 841.5 mln.. Adv: 952.. Dec: 1615Nasdaq Vol: 1.7 bln.. Adv: 1318.. Dec: 1751Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market closed slightly lower amid trade speculation and indecision -- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive-- Bloomberg report suggested China was not currently interested in a complete trade deal that would resolve structural trade issues-- Relatively light trading volumeStrong: Communication ServicesWeak: Energy, Consumer Staples16:20 ETDow -95.77 at 26477.95, Nasdaq -26.18 at 7956.3, S&P -13.2 at 2938.85[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses.Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market.It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher.In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday.Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTDS&P 500 +17.2% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTDRussell 2000 +11.1% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 952/1615. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 1318/1751.15:25 ETDow -40.05 at 26533.67, Nasdaq -9.71 at 7972.77, S&P -6.84 at 2945.21[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 continues to trade just below its flat line with a 0.2% decline.One last look inside the S&P 500 shows nine of the 11 sectors in the red with losses ranging from 0.2% (health care) to 0.6% (consumer staples). The communication services (+0.3%) and materials (+0.1%) sectors remain in the green.WTI crude settled unchanged at $52.79/bbl, unable to hold onto its intraday gains.15:00 ETDow -47.73 at 26525.99, Nasdaq -12.48 at 7970, S&P -7.09 at 2944.96[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down 0.3%, while the Russell 2000 is down 0.1%.Just in, the Consumer Credit report for August showed an increase of $17.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion), and July credit growth was revised to $23.1 billion from $23.3 billion.14:30 ETDow -38.64 at 26535.08, Nasdaq -9.66 at 7972.82, S&P -6.71 at 2945.34[BRIEFING.COM] If you've been watching the broader market in the last hour hopefully you didn't step away for too long. Action has been volatile and quick with a boost higher an hour ago initially fueled by a headline from a FOX Business reporter, who said the Chinese Commerce Ministry was ready to do a deal on the parts of the negotiations both sides agree on and are prepared to lay out a timetable for the harder issues to be worked out next year.The same reporter then half an hour later tweeted that the Chinese Commerce Ministry stated what was not on the table and never would be was changes to their laws to protect intellectual property, a tweet which prompted a sell off of the aforementioned gains.Alas, all three major averages dipped back into negative territory in the last half hour though only the S&P 500 hosts gains at the moment, down 0.07%.Today's best performers in the S&P 500 include ConocoPhillips (COP 54.97, +1.47, +2.75%) -- after this morning's news of a dividend raise and buyback, Kohl's (KSS 48.75, +1.57, +3.33%), and Moody's (MCO 209.07, +5.51, +2.71%) -- on this morning's upgraded of the stock to a "Buy" from a "Neutral" out of UBS.Conversely, Noble Energy (NBL 19.90, -0.69, -3.35%) sits at the bottom of the index.14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Stock Market UpdateBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 4:33 PMCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 4821 wordsBody-- Stock market closed slightly lower amid trade speculation and indecision -- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive-- Bloomberg report suggested China was not currently interested in a complete trade deal that would resolve structural trade issues-- Relatively light trading volumeStock market closes slightly lower amid trade speculation - Oct 07 - 16:20 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 declined 0.5% on Monday in a session replete with trade speculation and indecision. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (-0.4%), Nasdaq Composite (-0.3%), and Russell 2000 (-0.2%) also finished with modest losses. Ostensibly, the stock market opened lower following a Bloomberg report that suggested China was not interested in a complete trade deal at this time, then rallied into positive territory after NEC Director Larry Kudlow said comments out of Beijing have been more positive. Throw in some conflicting tweets from a Fox Business reporter, and it was enough to inject more gyrations and confusion into the market. It would be remiss, however, to explain today's price action solely on these headlines. There might have been a lack of conviction after a strong ending to last week, with technical factors lingering in the background. The S&P 500 closed a hair below its 50-day moving average (2941). As for trade, the market will likely have to wait for senior-level talks on Thursday and Friday for more clarity.In turn, ten of the 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower amid relatively light trading volume. The energy sector (-0.9%) was today's laggard, while the communication services sector (+0.04%) finished fractionally higher. In corporate news, Silicon Motion (SIMO 38.30, +2.45, +6.8%) raised its Q3 revenue guidance, signaling that healthy demand for Apple's (AAPL 227.06, +0.05, unch) iPhone 11 is funneling through the supply chain. Silicon Motion was one of the few gainers in the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (-0.7%).Elsewhere, PG&E (PCG 11.50, +0.63, +5.8%) outperformed following a report that indicated wildfire claims will be capped at $13.5 billion. Uber (UBER 30.37, +0.70, +2.4%) was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup on improving risk vs reward. Labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.75, -0.16, -0.5%) and the UAW were said to have taken a "turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries finished firmly lower, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield increased seven basis points to 1.46%, and the 10-yr yield increased four basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index increased 0.2% to 98.97. WTI crude gave up an intraday gain to finish unchanged at $52.79/bbl.Monday's economic data was limited to the Consumer Credit report for August:• Consumer credit increased by $17.9 bln in August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 bln) after increasing a downwardly revised $23.0 bln (from $23.3 bln) in July.The key takeaway from the report is that nonrevolving credit accounted for the entire expansion in consumer credit in August. Nonrevolving credit decreased on the heels of an increase in July that had marked the fastest pace of expansion since November 2017.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Producer Price Index for September and the NFIB Small Business Optimism Index for September on Tuesday. • Nasdaq Composite +19.9% YTD• S&P 500 +17.2% YTD• Dow Jones Industrial Average +13.5% YTD• Russell 2000 +11.1% YTDNASDAQ - 1318 - 1751 - 1.7 blnNYSE - 952 - 1615 - 841.5 mlnDJ30 - -95.77 - 26477.95NASDAQ - -26.18 - 7956.3SP500 - -13.2 - 2938.85WTI crude gives up gains, settles unchanged - Oct 07 - 15:25 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 continues to trade just below its flat line with a 0.2% decline. One last look inside the S&P 500 shows nine of the 11 sectors in the red with losses ranging from 0.2% (health care) to 0.6% (consumer staples). The communication services (+0.3%) and materials (+0.1%) sectors remain in the green. WTI crude settled unchanged at $52.79/bbl, unable to hold onto its intraday gains. NASDAQ - 1541 - 1510 - 1.3 blnNYSE - 1069 - 1552 - 359.6 mlnDJ30 - -40.05 - 26533.67NASDAQ - -9.71 - 7972.77SP500 - -6.84 - 2945.21Consumer credit grows more than expected in August - Oct 07 - 15:00 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is currently down 0.3%, while the Russell 2000 is down 0.1%. Just in, the Consumer Credit report for August showed an increase of $17.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion), and July credit growth was revised to $23.1 billion from $23.3 billion.NASDAQ - 1506 - 1523 - 1.2 blnNYSE - 1095 - 1555 - 336.0 mlnDJ30 - -47.73 - 26525.99NASDAQ - -12.48 - 7970SP500 - -7.09 - 2944.96Trade Headlines Bring Market Up, Then Down, In Last Hour - Oct 07 - 14:30 ET[BRIEFING.COM] If you've been watching the broader market in the last hour hopefully you didn't step away for too long. Action has been volatile and quick with a boost higher an hour ago initially fueled by a headline from a FOX Business reporter, who said the Chinese Commerce Ministry was ready to do a deal on the parts of the negotiations both sides agree on and are prepared to lay out a timetable for the harder issues to be worked out next year.The same reporter then half an hour later tweeted that the Chinese Commerce Ministry stated what was not on the table and never would be was changes to their laws to protect intellectual property, a tweet which prompted a sell off of the aforementioned gains.Alas, all three major averages dipped back into negative territory in the last half hour though only the S&P 500 hosts gains at the moment, down 0.07%.Today's best performers in the S&P 500 include ConocoPhillips (COP 54.97, +1.47, +2.75%) -- after this morning's news of a dividend raise and buyback, Kohl's (KSS 48.75, +1.57, +3.33%), and Moody's (MCO 209.07, +5.51, +2.71%) -- on this morning's upgraded of the stock to a "Buy" from a "Neutral" out of UBS.Conversely, Noble Energy (NBL 19.90, -0.69, -3.35%) sits at the bottom of the index.NASDAQ - 1670 - 1344 - 1.07 blnNYSE - 1229 - 1439 - 306.0 mlnDJ30 - -38.64 - 26535.08NASDAQ - -9.66 - 7972.82SP500 - -6.71 - 2945.34On The Whims Of A Headline, Markets Are Back In The Green; Gold Lower - Oct 07 - 14:00 ET[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.NASDAQ - 1830 - 1178 - 978.0 mlnNYSE - 1474 - 1202 - 281.0 mlnDJ30 - +72.35 - 26646.07NASDAQ - +24.74 - 8007.22SP500 - +6.36 - 2958.41Back Into The Red - Oct 07 - 13:30 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.NASDAQ - 1534 - 1451 - 876.0 mlnNYSE - 1192 - 1511 - 251.0 mlnDJ30 - -32.80 - 26540.92NASDAQ - -4.31 - 7978.17SP500 - -3.33 - 2948.72Wall Street little changed amid trade speculation - Oct 07 - 12:55 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues. Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard. Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs. Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11. In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy. U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week. NASDAQ - 1665 - 1311 - 793.5 mlnNYSE - 1335 - 1362 - 230.3 mlnDJ30 - -11.88 - 26561.84NASDAQ - +7.18 - 7989.66SP500 - -0.56 - 2951.49Technical factors in play - Oct 07 - 12:25 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain. Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels. Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower. NASDAQ - 1663 - 1303 - 726.9 mlnNYSE - 1340 - 1367 - 209.5 mlnDJ30 - +1.44 - 26575.16NASDAQ - +8.90 - 7991.38SP500 - +0.90 - 2952.95Apple leading the buy-the-dip trade - Oct 07 - 11:55 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market. Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.NASDAQ - 1598 - 1345 - 642.0 mlnNYSE - 1309 - 1387 - 185.7 mlnDJ30 - +15.38 - 26589.1NASDAQ - +13.16 - 7995.64SP500 - +2.42 - 2954.47Market paying heed to any China-related headline - Oct 07 - 11:25 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%. NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand. Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too. NASDAQ - 1601 - 1331 - 550.5 mlnNYSE - 1300 - 1415 - 158.2 mlnDJ30 - -30.15 - 26543.57NASDAQ - +5.33 - 7987.81SP500 - -2.18 - 2949.87GE shares dip lower; Uber and Wendy's downgraded - Oct 07 - 10:55 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.  Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion. Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward.  Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast. NASDAQ - 1459 - 1449 - 442.6 mlnNYSE - 1194 - 1500 - 129.7 mlnDJ30 - -63.28 - 26510.44NASDAQ - -3.27 - 7979.21SP500 - -5.24 - 2946.81Trading on familiar story lines - Oct 07 - 10:25 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week. In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today. Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."NASDAQ - 1280 - 1584 - 327.1 mlnNYSE - 1049 - 1636 - 101.4 mlnDJ30 - -87.69 - 26486.03NASDAQ - -15.37 - 7967.11SP500 - -8.59 - 2943.46NVDIA rises on price-target increase - Oct 07 - 09:55 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand. Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks. NASDAQ - 1092 - 1727 - 196.5 mlnNYSE - 866 - 1795 - 69.9 mlnDJ30 - -96.40 - 26477.32NASDAQ - -25.55 - 7956.93SP500 - -11.78 - 2940.27Stock market opens lower in broad-based decline - Oct 07 - 09:40 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%. Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl. NASDAQ - 978 - 1794 - 107.2 mlnNYSE - 682 - 1905 - 47.6 mlnDJ30 - -106.57 - 26467.15NASDAQ - -28.94 - 7953.54SP500 - -12.42 - 2939.63Stocks set to open slightly lower to begin the week - Oct 07 - 09:10 ET [BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79. Asia closes mixed, Europe trades slightly higher - Oct 07 - 08:50 ET [BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending. • In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---• Japan's Nikkei: -0.2%• Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED• China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED• India's Sensex: -0.4%• South Korea's Kospi: +0.1%• Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote. • In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---• STOXX Europe 600: +0.4%• Germany's DAX: +0.1%• U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3%• France's CAC 40: +0.2%• Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4%• Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%Tech sector up 30% this year, while energy holds yearly loss - Oct 07 - 08:25 ET[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high. Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year. Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.     Futures drifting lower following amid batch of negative-sounding news - Oct 07 - 08:00 ET [BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news. On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington  on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market. U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET. In U.S. Corporate news:• General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.• General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."• First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg. Reviewing overnight developments:• Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.• Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.Futures Update - Oct 07 - 07:26 ET [BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.Early Levels - Oct 07 - 07:06 ET [BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.Asian Market Data - Oct 07 - 07:06 ET[BRIEFING.COM]  Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%.  Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.European Market Data - Oct 07 - 07:06 ET[BRIEFING.COM]  FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%.  DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.Wall Street rallies on modest jobs growth to end week on positive note - Oct 04 - 16:15 ET[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%). Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:• September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.• The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.• Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTD• S&P 500 +17.8% YTD• Dow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTD• Russell 2000 +11.3% YTDNASDAQ - 2071 - 991 - 1.7 blnNYSE - 2098 - 723 - 720.3 mlnDJ30 - +372.68 - 26573.72NASDAQ - +110.21 - 7982.48SP500 - +41.38 - 2952.05Load-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

10 things you need to know before the opening bellBusiness Insider USOctober 10, 2019 Thursday 07:16 AM GMTCopyright 2019 Insider Inc. All Rights ReservedLength: 443 wordsByline: feedback@businessinsider.com,  (Yusuf Khan)Highlight: This is what traders are talking about.BodyReutersHere is what you need to know. 1. China is reportedly weighing a currency pact in return for tariff suspensions as US trade talks kick off. US officials Robert Lighthizer and Steve Mnuchin will meet with Vice Premier Liu He later today.2. Trump reportedly green-lighted some US firms to do business with Huawei ahead of US-China trade talks. The US government blacklisted the Chinese telecoms titan in May, banning US firms from doing business with it.3. China's grip on Apple tightens as it boots a Hong Kong police-tracking app and news app Quartz. Apple initially rejected HKMap Live's map app for facilitating and encouraging illegal activity, but the developer successfully appealed and the app was admitted to the App Store.4. Investors representing $5.4 trillion have backed a call for BHP to ditch funding for industry groups whose actions are inconsistent with the Paris climate agreement. The Australian Centre for Corporate Responsibility, a small shareholder in BHP, the world's biggest listed miner, co-filed a resolution in September that recommended the company suspend its membership of such industry bodies.5. Luxury stocks are soaring after Louis Vuitton beats sales forecasts despite Hong Kong protests. Parent company LVMH, seen as a bellwether for other fashion stocks, reported sales higher than analysts expected.6. JPMorgan Chase has set up a trust company in Singapore, its first in Asia, to cater to a growing cadre of ultra-wealthy individuals in the region. "Many of our Asian clients will likely migrate their trusts from the Bahamas to Asia," Kam Shing Kwang, CEO at JPMorgan's private bank in Asia, said in a news conference on Thursday.7. Billionaire Ken Fisher stunned an audience by saying winning clients was like 'trying to get into a girl's pants'. "Mostly, the audience understands what I am saying," Fisher told Bloomberg.8. Stocks are holding steady ahead of trade talks. US futures underlying the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq are flat. In Europe, the DAX (+0.1%) nudged upwards, as did the Euro Stoxx 50 (+0.1%). In Asia, stocks closed in the green, with the Nikkei (+0.5%), Shanghai Composite (+0.8%) and Hang Seng (+0.1%) all higher. 9. There are lots of earnings out today. The pick of the bunch is Nomura. 10. Today is a big day for data. The consumer price index is out later.  NOW WATCH: What El Chapo is really like, according to the wife of one his closest henchmanSee Also:• I'm a die-hard Costco fan who shopped at Sam's Club for the first time - and I know which store I'll continue to visit• These are the 6 nastiest cruise ships• These are the fugitives on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted list - and how they got thereLoad-Date: October 14, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 2:00 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 3700 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 14:00 ETDow: +72.35...Nasdaq: +24.74... S&P: +6.36...NYSE Vol: 281.0 mln.. Adv: 1474.. Dec: 1202Nasdaq Vol: 978.0 mln.. Adv: 1830.. Dec: 1178Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed as it rebounds from its early morning lows-- NEC Director Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Technical factors in play; S&P 500 quickly bounced back above 50-day moving average (2941) after briefly falling below it todayStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 12:55 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 12:55 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 3504 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 12:55 ETDow: -11.88...Nasdaq: +7.18... S&P: -0.56...NYSE Vol: 230.3 mln.. Adv: 1335.. Dec: 1362Nasdaq Vol: 793.5 mln.. Adv: 1665.. Dec: 1311Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed as it rebounds from its early morning lows-- NEC Director Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Technical factors in play; S&P 500 quickly bounced back above 50-day moving average (2941) after briefly falling below it todayStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index is down 0.1%.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.1, unch) and the UAW took a "turn of the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 13:30 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 1:30 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 3592 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 13:30 ETDow: -32.80...Nasdaq: -4.31... S&P: -3.33...NYSE Vol: 251.0 mln.. Adv: 1192.. Dec: 1511Nasdaq Vol: 876.0 mln.. Adv: 1534.. Dec: 1451Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed as it rebounds from its early morning lows-- NEC Director Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Technical factors in play; S&P 500 quickly bounced back above 50-day moving average (2941) after briefly falling below it todayStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

NBA complacent in choosing monetary gain over human rightsHilltop News: St. Edward's UniversityOctober 22, 2019 TuesdayUniversity WireCopyright 2019 UWIRE via U-Wire All Rights ReservedSection: NEWS; Pg. 1Length: 526 wordsBodyIt is currently illegal for citizens to cover their face during public assemblies in Hong Kong. The new law comes after 20 weeks of violent protests throughout the city over a proposed bill legalizing the extradition of Hong Kong citizens to mainland China. City leader Carrie Lam proposed the bill in late March, which immediately sparked protests as many citizens saw the bill as an opportunity for mainland China to jail pro-democracy advocates in Hong Kong. Hong Kong will be subsumed by mainland China in 2047 following a 50-year grace period after gaining its independence from the United Kingdom in 1997. The country is self-governed, meaning they do not have free speech and assembly restrictions like in mainland China. However, the city is still technically considered part of China. Many in Hong Kong see the return to China as the end of their civil rights. Many outside of China have voiced their solidarity with the protestors, including the Houston Rockets' general manager Daryl Morey. Morey tweeted a picture with text that read, "Fight for freedom. Stand with Hong Kong" on Oct. 4. He quickly deleted the tweet, but it sparked controversy within the league. The owner of the Houston Rockets, Tilman Fertitta, tweeted that Morey did not speak for the organization. The NBA has been trying to break into the Chinese market, but as a result of the tweet, Chinese President Xi Jinping has stifled NBA presence in China. This includes removing posters of NBA stars from skyscrapers and canceling broadcasts of press conferences. Jinping even tried to cancel a game series between the Nets and the Lakers but eventually allowed it to take place. However, at the game, Chinese flags were distributed to attendees and no national anthems were played. Politics have historically been entrenched in sports. Athletes like Jackie Robinson and Colin Kaepernick have made strides to publicize conversations about discrimination and government oppression. When people have a large platform, like professional athletes do, it is their responsibility to speak out against injustice. Currently, there is injustice taking place in Hong Kong. Free speech is a human right, and when government crackdowns result in the shooting of an 18-year-old and over 2,000 injuries, organizations involved with the oppressor have an ethical responsibility to suspend ties with them. The NBA has been more progressive than other leagues in its handling of athlete protests, withholding from fining players for kneeling during the national anthem in protest of police violence and systematic racism. So why now does the league condemn the speech of its members? It seems the answer is financial. By bowing to Jinping's wishes in order to secure its place in the Chinese market, the NBA and athletes like Lebron James, who continue to play games in China, are signaling they value money over human freedom. The NBA has a moral responsibility to speak out against the Chinese and Hong Kong government's oppression of its people. The league and its players need to stand up to all government sanctioned injustices, not just the injustices here in America. • china• hong kong• nbaLoad-Date: October 22, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 11:55 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 12:05 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2971 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 11:55 ETDow: +15.38...Nasdaq: +13.16... S&P: +2.42...NYSE Vol: 185.7 mln.. Adv: 1309.. Dec: 1387Nasdaq Vol: 642.0 mln.. Adv: 1598.. Dec: 1345Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades slightly higher as it rebounds from its early morning lows-- NEC Director Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China reportedly not interested in a broad trade deal, not committed on reforming industrial policy or government subsidies -- Bloomberg -- S&P 500 jumps back above 50-day moving average (2941) after briefly falling below it to start the dayStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 11:55 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 12:00 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2963 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 11:55 ETDow: +15.38...Nasdaq: +13.16... S&P: +2.42...NYSE Vol: 185.7 mln.. Adv: 1309.. Dec: 1387Nasdaq Vol: 642.0 mln.. Adv: 1598.. Dec: 1345Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades slightly higher as it rebounds from its early morning lows-- NEC Director Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China reportedly not interested in a broad trade deal, not committed on reforming industrial policy or government subsidies -- Bloomberg -- Relative strength in energy stocks amid higher oil pricesStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 12:25 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 12:30 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 3110 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 12:25 ETDow: +1.44...Nasdaq: +8.90... S&P: +0.90...NYSE Vol: 209.5 mln.. Adv: 1340.. Dec: 1367Nasdaq Vol: 726.9 mln.. Adv: 1663.. Dec: 1303Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed as it rebounds from its early morning lows-- NEC Director Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Technical factors in play; S&P 500 quickly bounced back above 50-day moving average (2941) after briefly falling below it todayStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 2:20 PM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2646 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 14:00 ETDow: +72.35...Nasdaq: +24.74... S&P: +6.36...NYSE Vol: 281.0 mln.. Adv: 1474.. Dec: 1202Nasdaq Vol: 978.0 mln.. Adv: 1830.. Dec: 1178Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades mixed amid trade speculation-- NEC Director Larry Kudlow said China's "mood" seems to be a little better in front of trade talks this week-- China currently not interested in a complete trade deal that resolves structural issues like government subsidies or industrial policy -- Bloomberg -- Technical factors in play; S&P 500 quickly bounced back above 50-day moving average (2941) after briefly falling below it todayStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials14:00 ETDow +72.35 at 26646.07, Nasdaq +24.74 at 8007.22, S&P +6.36 at 2958.41[BRIEFING.COM] Headlines equal volatility in today's markets, especially when they're trade-related. Action in the broader market shot to session highs in the last half hour on such a headline with the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite now pacing gains at +0.31%.Gold futures settled $8.50 lower (-0.6%) to $1,504.40/oz, pressured in part as stocks got a boost from reports citing the Chinese Commerce Ministry's willingness to hash out a trade deal.Likewise, the U.S. Dollar Index saw a higher reaction to the trade-related headlines in the last half hour, now +0.2% to 98.97.13:30 ETDow -32.80 at 26540.92, Nasdaq -4.31 at 7978.17, S&P -3.33 at 2948.72[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages stand slightly lower to this point on Monday, having dipped back below breakeven about half an hour ago.Names in the Dow Jones Industrial Average which underperform today include Coca-Cola (KO 54.03, -0.51, -0.94%), Travelers (TRV 143.63, -1.33, -0.92%), and IBM (IBM 141.70, -1.29, -0.90%) despite a dearth of corporate news.Conversely, managed care name UnitedHealth (UNH 221.46, +1.66, +0.76%) sits atop the index.The DJIA now stands 1.40% lower on the month.12:55 ETDow -11.88 at 26561.84, Nasdaq +7.18 at 7989.66, S&P -0.56 at 2951.49[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line after being down as much as 0.6% to start the day. Today's price action has largely reflected a lack of conviction as trade speculation ramps up in front of key trade talks this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (unch), Nasdaq Composite (+0.1%), and Russell 2000 (+0.1%) are little changed, too.Deputy-level trade talks are expected to continue today and tomorrow, with higher-level talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday. NEC Director Larry Kudlow said earlier today that China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, somewhat muddling a Bloomberg story that suggested China is currently less interested in a complete deal that resolves key structural issues.Some have pointed to Mr. Kudlow's comments as a reason for the market's bounce from its lows this morning, yet there appears to be mixed signals from the trade-sensitive S&P 500 materials (+0.4%), industrials (-0.1%), and consumer discretionary (-0.2%) sectors. The utilities sector (-0.4%) is today's laggard.Instead, today's price action appears to be driven in part by technical factors. At its low, the S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average (2941) before buyers quickly stepped in on no specific news to lift it back above the key technical level and jump-start a move to session highs.Apple (AAPL 229.06, +2.05, +0.9%) remains in focus as it continues its ascent back toward all-time highs on no "new" news today. On a related note, Silicon Motion (SIMO 37.69, +1.84, +5.1%) raised its guidance following a report from last week that indicated Apple asked its suppliers to increase production for its iPhone 11.In other matters, labor talks between General Motors (GM 34.92, +0.10, unch) and the UAW took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend, but shares of GM have erased early losses. Mr. Kudlow commented on the situation, saying the strike is not helping the economy.U.S. Treasuries are pulling back from last week's advance, driving yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up six basis points to 1.45%, and the 10-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.55%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.89. WTI crude is trading 1.8% higher at $53.74/bbl after a steep decline last week.12:25 ETDow +1.44 at 26575.16, Nasdaq +8.90 at 7991.38, S&P +0.90 at 2952.95[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is up just above its flat line, while the Nasdaq holds onto a slim 0.1% gain.Technical factors might be contributing to today's broader price action, rather than any sort of well-founded trade optimism. At its low, the S&P 500 briefly fell below its 50-day moving average (2941), but a wave of buyers quickly stepped in on no news to help jump-start its steady advance to current levels.Looking at the FAANG stocks shows nearly all members trading higher. Apple (AAPL 229.08, +2.07, +0.9%) leads the bunch in gains, followed by Netflix (NFLX 274.20, +1.41, +0.5%), Alphabet (GOOG 1214.41, +5.15, +0.4%), and Facebook (FB 180.51, +0.9, +0.1%). Amazon (AMZN 1737.95, -1.69, -0.1%) trades fractionally lower.11:55 ETDow +15.38 at 26589.1, Nasdaq +13.16 at 7995.64, S&P +2.42 at 2954.47[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is now up 0.1% as its continues its rebound from its early session low (-0.6%). Today's price action is in-line with this year's prevailing theme to bounce back from any dip in the market.Apple (AAPL 229.19, +2.18, +1.0%) has led the most recent dip, extending its big gain from last week by another 0.9% today. On a related note, Apple has contacted music labels about plan to merge Apple Music and Apple TV services into one service, according to the Financial Times.Overseas, the major European indices shook off another set of weak economic data. Germany's DAX gained 0.7%, UK's FTSE gained 0.6%, and France's CAC gained 0.6%. The Europe Stoxx 600 advanced 0.7%.11:25 ETDow -30.15 at 26543.57, Nasdaq +5.33 at 7987.81, S&P -2.18 at 2949.87[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 trades just below its flat line as it continues its modest rebound from its early morning lows. The Nasdaq is now up 0.1%.NEC Director Larry Kudlow recently said China's "mood" seems to be a little better this week, and the administration is waiting to see what China brings to the table. The broader market also appears to be waiting for these trade talks, taking notice of any China-related headline. High-level talks will resume this Thursday and Friday, with deputy-level talks taking place beforehand.Mr. Kudlow also said the strike at General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) is not helping the economy, which has been struggling from a manufacturing standpoint. Those talks reportedly took a "turn for the worse" over the weekend. Shares of GM are well off their lows, too.10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for theBriefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:55 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 10:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2374 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 09:55 ETDow: -96.40...Nasdaq: -25.55... S&P: -11.78...NYSE Vol: 69.9 mln.. Adv: 866.. Dec: 1795Nasdaq Vol: 196.5 mln.. Adv: 1092.. Dec: 1727Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market opens lower in broad-based pullback from Friday's rally-- China reportedly not interested in a broad trade deal, not committed on reforming industrial policy or government subsidiesStrong: Health CareWeak: Consumer Discretionary, Utilities, Industrials09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 10:45 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2517 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 10:25 ETDow: -87.69...Nasdaq: -15.37... S&P: -8.59...NYSE Vol: 101.4 mln.. Adv: 1049.. Dec: 1636Nasdaq Vol: 327.1 mln.. Adv: 1280.. Dec: 1584Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades slightly lower on no specific catalyst-- China reportedly not interested in a broad trade deal, not committed on reforming industrial policy or government subsidies -- Bloomberg -- Relative strength in energy stocks amid higher oil pricesStrong: Energy, Communication ServicesWeak: Utilities, Health Care10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 10:30 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2505 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 10:25 ETDow: -87.69...Nasdaq: -15.37... S&P: -8.59...NYSE Vol: 101.4 mln.. Adv: 1049.. Dec: 1636Nasdaq Vol: 327.1 mln.. Adv: 1280.. Dec: 1584Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades slightly lower on no specific catalyst-- China reportedly not interested in a broad trade deal, not committed on reforming industrial policy or government subsidiesStrong: Energy, Communication ServicesWeak: Utilities, Health Care10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 10:40 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2507 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 10:25 ETDow: -87.69...Nasdaq: -15.37... S&P: -8.59...NYSE Vol: 101.4 mln.. Adv: 1049.. Dec: 1636Nasdaq Vol: 327.1 mln.. Adv: 1280.. Dec: 1584Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades slightly lower on no specific catalyst-- China reportedly not interested in a broad trade deal, not committed on reforming industrial policy or government subsidies -- BloombergStrong: Energy, Communication ServicesWeak: Utilities, Health Care10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:55 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 11:00 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2667 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-19The market at 10:55 ETDow: -63.28...Nasdaq: -3.27... S&P: -5.24...NYSE Vol: 129.7 mln.. Adv: 1194.. Dec: 1500Nasdaq Vol: 442.6 mln.. Adv: 1459.. Dec: 1449Moving the MarketSector Watch-- Stock market trades slightly lower on no specific catalyst-- China reportedly not interested in a broad trade deal, not committed on reforming industrial policy or government subsidies -- Bloomberg -- Relative strength in energy stocks amid higher oil pricesStrong: Energy, Communication Services, MaterialsWeak: Health Care, Industrials10:55 ETDow -63.28 at 26510.44, Nasdaq -3.27 at 7979.21, S&P -5.24 at 2946.81[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages continue to trade slightly lower but near session highs. The S&P 500 is down 0.2%, the Dow is down 0.3%, and the Nasdaq is down 0.1%.Shares of General Electric (GE 8.54, -0.04, -0.4%) have turned around and are now down 0.4%, as investors seem unsatisfied with its latest debt-reduction plan. The company announced it will freeze its pension plan for about 20,000 salaried employees starting on January 1, 2021, hoping to reduce its pension deficit by up to $8 billion and net debt by up to $6 billion.Looking at some analyst recommendations, Citigroup upgraded Uber (UBER 30.44, +0.78, +2.6%) to Buy from Neutral on improving risk vs reward. Cowen downgraded Wendy's (WEN 20.28, -0.41, -2.0%) to Market Perform from Outperform on the company's decision to focus on breakfast.10:25 ETDow -87.69 at 26486.03, Nasdaq -15.37 at 7967.11, S&P -8.59 at 2943.46[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 is down 0.3%. There is no specific catalyst driving today's action, with the talk on Wall Street centered on upcoming trade talks, monetary policy, and corporate earnings that will heat up next week.In other words, it's the same topics being recycled but with a negative-sounding bias. Apple (AAPL 227.96, +0.94) has bucked the broader trend again and is up 0.4% on no specific news today.Separately, shares of Harley-Davidson (HOG 34.69, -0.59) are down 2.0% after Reuters reported the company's new strategy is not working well with younger consumers. The article said its electric motorcycle "aims for a market that does not really exist: young, 'green' and affluent first-time motorcyclists."09:55 ETDow -96.40 at 26477.32, Nasdaq -25.55 at 7956.93, S&P -11.78 at 2940.27[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 currently trades lower by 0.4%, and the Russell 2000 also trades lower by 0.4%.One of the few bright spots today is the trade-sensitive Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (+0.1%), which has been resilient in the face of growth concerns and trade talks that have seemingly produced little progress. NVIDIA (NVDA 187.35, +5.36, +3.0%) is a notable gainer after its price target was raised to $217 from $190 at RBC Capital Mkts on improving GPU demand.Separately, the White House confirmed that USTR Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin will welcome the Chinese delegation led by Vice Premier Liu He for trade talks this week. Trade adviser Peter Navarro is not listed as attending the talks.09:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:10 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 9:15 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2025 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-1909:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:40 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 9:45 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 2166 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-1909:40 ETDow -106.57 at 26467.15, Nasdaq -28.94 at 7953.54, S&P -12.42 at 2939.63[BRIEFING.COM] The major averages begin the day retreating from Friday's rally. The S&P 500 is down 0.5%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 0.4%, and the Nasdaq Composite is down 0.4%.Looking at the S&P 500 sectors shows all 11 sectors trading in negative territory with losses ranging from 0.3% (communication services) to 0.6% (industrials). General Motors (GM 34.40, -0.51, -1.5%) is a notable laggard as labor talks with the UAW were said to "have taken a turn for the worse" over the weekend.U.S. Treasuries are lower today, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up four basis points to 1.43%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.80. WTI crude is up 1.0% to $53.32/bbl.09:10 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -28.30.Wall Street is indicated to open slightly lower to begin the week as the S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Market participants have been eyeing trade talks later this week with increased interest, yet expectations for meaningful progress have been tempered. Bloomberg reported that China is balking at a broad trade deal, preferring to narrow the scope of discussions without reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies.U.S. Treasuries have pulled back slightly from last week's advance. The 2-yr yield is up three basis points to 1.42%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is little changed at 98.79.08:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

S&P; 500 Poised To Reach New Record Intraday HighCE Noticias Financieras EnglishOctober 28, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights ReservedLength: 1859 wordsBody       The major U.S. index futures are currently pointing to a higher opening on Monday, with the S&P; 500 poised to reach a new record intraday high. The markets may continue to benefit from optimism about U.S.-China trade talks as well as news that the European Union has granted the U.K.'s request for a Brexit deadline extension. The move by the EU, which delays Brexit until January 31st, was widely expected but still removes the risk of a damaging no-deal split on Thursday. Overall trading activity may be somewhat subdued, however, as traders look ahead to the Federal Reserve's monetary policy announcement on Wednesday. CME Group's FedWatch Tool is currently indicating a 94.1 percent chance that the Fed will cut interest rates by another 25 basis points. Some closely watched economic data is also scheduled to be released later this week, including the Labor Department's monthly jobs report on Friday. Traders are also likely to keep an eye on reports on third quarter GDP, personal income and spending and manufacturing activity. Stocks recovered from an initial move to the downside and moved mostly higher over the course of the trading session on Friday. With the upward move, the Nasdaq and the S&P; 500 reached their best closing levels in three months. The major averages pulled back off their highs of the session but remained firmly positive. The Dow climbed 152.53 points or 0.6 percent to 26,958.06, the Nasdaq advanced 57.32 points or 0.7 percent to 8,243.12 and the S&P; 500 rose 12.26 points or 0.4 percent to 3,022.55. For the week, the tech-heavy Nasdaq surged up by 1.9 percent, the S&P; 500 jumped by 1.2 percent and the Dow climbed by 0.7 percent. The strength on Wall Street came after a statement from the U.S. Trade Representative's office said the U.S. and China have made progress toward finalizing a phase one trade deal. The statement was released by the USTR following a phone call between U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Chinese Vice Premier Liu He. "They made headway on specific issues and the two sides are close to finalizing some sections of the agreement," the USTR said. "Discussions will go on continuously at the deputy level, and the principals will have another call in the near future." The upbeat comments about the trade talks added to the positive sentiment seen in reaction to the latest batch of earnings.  Shares of Intel (INTC) moved sharply higher after the semiconductor giant released its third quarter results, spiking by 8.1 percent to a six-month high. Intel reported better than expected quarterly results, raised its full-year revenue guidance, and added $20 billion to its stock repurchase program. Credit card giant Visa (V) also posted a notable gain after reporting third quarter results that beat estimates and increasing its quarterly dividend by 20 percent. Meanwhile, shares of Amazon (AMZN) climbed well off their lows of the session but still ended the session in the red. The drop by Amazon came after the online retail giant reported weaker than expected third quarter earnings and provided a disappointing forecast for holiday sales. On the U.S. economic front, revised data released by the University of Michigan showed consumer sentiment improved by slightly less than initially estimated in the month of October. The report said the consumer sentiment index for October was downwardly revised to 95.5 from the preliminary reading of 96.0. Economists had expected the index to be unrevised. Despite the downward revision, the consumer sentiment index for October was still up from the final September reading of 93.2. "Sentiment was insignificantly below the mid month level, with the small loss spread over most components of the Index," said Surveys of Consumers chief economist Richard Curtin. He added, "The overall level of consumer confidence has remained quite favorable and largely unchanged during the past few years." Reflecting the positive reaction to Intel's earnings, semiconductor stocks turned in some of the market's best performances on the day. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index subsequently surged up by 2.1 percent, ending the session at a new record closing high.  Significant strength was also visible among transportation stocks, as reflected by the 1.7 percent gain posted by the Dow Jones Transportation Average. Steel stocks also moved notably higher amid optimism about a U.S.-China trade deal, with the NYSE Arca Steel Index climbing by 1.6 percent to its best closing level in a month. Energy, computer hardware and banking stocks also saw considerable strength on the day, while interest rate-sensitive utilities and commercial real estate stocks bucked the uptrend. Commodity, Currency Markets  Crude oil futures are slipping $0.10 to $56.56 a barrel after rising $0.43 to $56.66 a barrel last Friday. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is trading at $1,502.80, down $2.50 from the previous session's close of $1,505.30. On Friday, gold inched up $0.60. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 108.85 yen compared to the 108.67 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Friday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1090 compared to last Friday's $1.1080. Asia Asian stocks rose on Monday as the European Union agreed to London's request for a Brexit deadline extension and reports suggested that Washington and Beijing are close to finalizing parts of a trade pact. U.S. and Chinese officials said they are "close to finalizing" some parts of a phase one trade deal after high-level telephone discussions on Friday. U.S. President Donald Trump has said he plans to sign the deal with Chinese President Xi Jinping at a summit in Chile next month.  Chinese stocks ended on a firmer note amid the apparent headway in U.S.-China trade talks and gains by technology stocks after Beijing pledged more support for the sector.  The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index jumped 25.12 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,980.05, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index climbed 223.87 points, or 0.8 percent, to 26,891.26. Investors shrugged off a government report showing that Chinese industrial profits declined at a faster pace in September as producer prices continued to fall.  Industrial profits decreased 5.3 percent year-on-year after easing 2 percent in August, reflecting a faster drop in industrial product prices and a slower rise in sales. Japanese shares hit a one-year high amid hopes of a U.S.-China trade deal as soon as next month. The Nikkei 225 Index rose 67.46 points, or 0.3 percent, to 22,867.27, the highest level in a year, while the broader Topix finished little changed at 1,648.43. Semiconductor-related shares surged after Intel beat third-quarter earnings estimates. Sumco jumped 5.3 percent, Minebea Mitsumi soared 4.5 percent and Advantest added 3.8 percent. Robot manufacturer Fanuc gained 2.1 percent and transport firm Mitsui OSK Lines surged 1.5 percent.  Meanwhile, the Australian markets ended on a flat note. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 Index and the broader All Ordinaries Index both inched by 1.50 points to close at 6,740.70 and 6,842.50, respectively.  Firm commodity prices helped lift miners, with BHP rising 1.1 percent and Fortescue Metals Group climbing 2.2 percent. Energy stocks ended largely unchanged despite oil prices holding on to last week's strong gains on expectations of supply cuts by OPEC and falling U.S. inventories. IOOF Holdings gained 1.2 percent after the Australian Securities and Investments Commission imposed additional license conditions on the wealth manager that include the appointment of vetted independent directors and increased internal monitoring.  Rural Funds Group rallied 2.3 percent after it agreed to sell its network of 17 poultry farms to ProTen Investment Management for a combined A$72 million and reinvest in three cattle properties in Western Australia.  Virgin Australia lost 3.1 percent on fundraising reports. Metals and electronics recycler Sims Metal Management slumped 8.8 percent after forecasting an underlying core earnings loss for the first half. In economic news, Fitch Ratings has maintained Australia's sovereign ratings at 'AAA' with a stable outlook and said the rating is supported by its flexible policy framework that underpin positive economic growth. Seoul stocks rose for the third straight day after reports that the U.S. and China are making progress in trade discussions. Hopes for a turnaround in the semiconductor market also underpinned sentiment.  The benchmark Kospi inched up 5.71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,093.60, closing above the 2,090 mark for the first time since September 24th. Europe European stocks are subdued on Monday as HSBC warned of a challenging outlook, while the European Union granted the U.K. a delay to Brexit until January 31st, removing the risk of a damaging no-deal split on Thursday. On the trade front, U.S. and Chinese officials said they are "close to finalizing" some parts of a phase one trade deal after high-level telephone discussions on Friday. U.S. President Donald Trump said he hopes to sign the deal with China's President Xi Jinping next month at a summit in Chile. While the U.K.s FTSE 100 Index is just below the unchanged line, the French CAC 40 Index is up by 0.2 percent and the German DAX Index is up by 0.4 percent. Asia-focused lender HSBC Holdings has come under pressure. After reporting a drop in third quarter earnings, the bank has warned it would have to undertake costly restructuring amid a slowing global business environment. Cairn Energy has also slumped after it issued an update on its proceedings against India under the U.K.-India Bilateral Investment Treaty. Meanwhile, mining giant BHP has risen percent as Samarco, a joint venture between BHP Group and Vale SA, received the Corrective Operation License for the Germano complex in Minas Gerais on Friday. French luxury products maker LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton has edged higher on reports that it has offered to buy U.S. jeweler Tiffany &Co;. for about $14.5 billion. U.S. Economic Reports No major U.S. economic data is scheduled to be released today, although monthly jobs data is likely to attract attention later this week along with reports on third quarter GDP, personal income and spending and manufacturing activity. Stocks In Focus Shares of Tiffany (TIF) are soaring in pre-market trading after French luxury goods maker LVMH confirmed it is talks to acquire the jeweler, with reports suggesting the bid would value Tiffany at about $120 per share. Music streaming service Spotify (SPOT) is also likely to see initial strength after reporting an unexpected third quarter profit on revenues that exceeded analyst estimates. Shares of AT&T; (T) may also move to the upside after the telecom giant reported better than expected third quarter earnings and unveiled a three-year capital allocation plan. On the other hand, shares of Check Point Software (CHKP) are seeing pre-market weakness even though the cybersecurity company reported third quarter earnings that beat expectations on revenues that came in line with estimates.        Load-Date: January 24, 2020End of Document

S&P; 500 Poised To Reach New Record Intraday HighRTT News (United States)October 28, 2019 MondayCopyright 2019 Content Engine, LLC.All Rights ReservedCopyright 2019 RTT News All Rights ReservedLength: 1859 wordsByline: editorial@rttnews.com,  (RTT Staff Writer)Body       The major U.S. index futures are currently pointing to a higher opening on Monday, with the S&P; 500 poised to reach a new record intraday high. The markets may continue to benefit from optimism about U.S.-China trade talks as well as news that the European Union has granted the U.K.'s request for a Brexit deadline extension. The move by the EU, which delays Brexit until January 31st, was widely expected but still removes the risk of a damaging no-deal split on Thursday. Overall trading activity may be somewhat subdued, however, as traders look ahead to the Federal Reserve's monetary policy announcement on Wednesday. CME Group's FedWatch Tool is currently indicating a 94.1 percent chance that the Fed will cut interest rates by another 25 basis points. Some closely watched economic data is also scheduled to be released later this week, including the Labor Department's monthly jobs report on Friday. Traders are also likely to keep an eye on reports on third quarter GDP, personal income and spending and manufacturing activity. Stocks recovered from an initial move to the downside and moved mostly higher over the course of the trading session on Friday. With the upward move, the Nasdaq and the S&P; 500 reached their best closing levels in three months. The major averages pulled back off their highs of the session but remained firmly positive. The Dow climbed 152.53 points or 0.6 percent to 26,958.06, the Nasdaq advanced 57.32 points or 0.7 percent to 8,243.12 and the S&P; 500 rose 12.26 points or 0.4 percent to 3,022.55. For the week, the tech-heavy Nasdaq surged up by 1.9 percent, the S&P; 500 jumped by 1.2 percent and the Dow climbed by 0.7 percent. The strength on Wall Street came after a statement from the U.S. Trade Representative's office said the U.S. and China have made progress toward finalizing a phase one trade deal. The statement was released by the USTR following a phone call between U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Chinese Vice Premier Liu He. "They made headway on specific issues and the two sides are close to finalizing some sections of the agreement," the USTR said. "Discussions will go on continuously at the deputy level, and the principals will have another call in the near future." The upbeat comments about the trade talks added to the positive sentiment seen in reaction to the latest batch of earnings.  Shares of Intel (INTC) moved sharply higher after the semiconductor giant released its third quarter results, spiking by 8.1 percent to a six-month high. Intel reported better than expected quarterly results, raised its full-year revenue guidance, and added $20 billion to its stock repurchase program. Credit card giant Visa (V) also posted a notable gain after reporting third quarter results that beat estimates and increasing its quarterly dividend by 20 percent. Meanwhile, shares of Amazon (AMZN) climbed well off their lows of the session but still ended the session in the red. The drop by Amazon came after the online retail giant reported weaker than expected third quarter earnings and provided a disappointing forecast for holiday sales. On the U.S. economic front, revised data released by the University of Michigan showed consumer sentiment improved by slightly less than initially estimated in the month of October. The report said the consumer sentiment index for October was downwardly revised to 95.5 from the preliminary reading of 96.0. Economists had expected the index to be unrevised. Despite the downward revision, the consumer sentiment index for October was still up from the final September reading of 93.2. "Sentiment was insignificantly below the mid month level, with the small loss spread over most components of the Index," said Surveys of Consumers chief economist Richard Curtin. He added, "The overall level of consumer confidence has remained quite favorable and largely unchanged during the past few years." Reflecting the positive reaction to Intel's earnings, semiconductor stocks turned in some of the market's best performances on the day. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index subsequently surged up by 2.1 percent, ending the session at a new record closing high.  Significant strength was also visible among transportation stocks, as reflected by the 1.7 percent gain posted by the Dow Jones Transportation Average. Steel stocks also moved notably higher amid optimism about a U.S.-China trade deal, with the NYSE Arca Steel Index climbing by 1.6 percent to its best closing level in a month. Energy, computer hardware and banking stocks also saw considerable strength on the day, while interest rate-sensitive utilities and commercial real estate stocks bucked the uptrend. Commodity, Currency Markets  Crude oil futures are slipping $0.10 to $56.56 a barrel after rising $0.43 to $56.66 a barrel last Friday. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is trading at $1,502.80, down $2.50 from the previous session's close of $1,505.30. On Friday, gold inched up $0.60. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 108.85 yen compared to the 108.67 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Friday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1090 compared to last Friday's $1.1080. Asia Asian stocks rose on Monday as the European Union agreed to London's request for a Brexit deadline extension and reports suggested that Washington and Beijing are close to finalizing parts of a trade pact. U.S. and Chinese officials said they are "close to finalizing" some parts of a phase one trade deal after high-level telephone discussions on Friday. U.S. President Donald Trump has said he plans to sign the deal with Chinese President Xi Jinping at a summit in Chile next month.  Chinese stocks ended on a firmer note amid the apparent headway in U.S.-China trade talks and gains by technology stocks after Beijing pledged more support for the sector.  The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index jumped 25.12 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,980.05, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index climbed 223.87 points, or 0.8 percent, to 26,891.26. Investors shrugged off a government report showing that Chinese industrial profits declined at a faster pace in September as producer prices continued to fall.  Industrial profits decreased 5.3 percent year-on-year after easing 2 percent in August, reflecting a faster drop in industrial product prices and a slower rise in sales. Japanese shares hit a one-year high amid hopes of a U.S.-China trade deal as soon as next month. The Nikkei 225 Index rose 67.46 points, or 0.3 percent, to 22,867.27, the highest level in a year, while the broader Topix finished little changed at 1,648.43. Semiconductor-related shares surged after Intel beat third-quarter earnings estimates. Sumco jumped 5.3 percent, Minebea Mitsumi soared 4.5 percent and Advantest added 3.8 percent. Robot manufacturer Fanuc gained 2.1 percent and transport firm Mitsui OSK Lines surged 1.5 percent.  Meanwhile, the Australian markets ended on a flat note. The benchmark S&P;/ASX 200 Index and the broader All Ordinaries Index both inched by 1.50 points to close at 6,740.70 and 6,842.50, respectively.  Firm commodity prices helped lift miners, with BHP rising 1.1 percent and Fortescue Metals Group climbing 2.2 percent. Energy stocks ended largely unchanged despite oil prices holding on to last week's strong gains on expectations of supply cuts by OPEC and falling U.S. inventories. IOOF Holdings gained 1.2 percent after the Australian Securities and Investments Commission imposed additional license conditions on the wealth manager that include the appointment of vetted independent directors and increased internal monitoring.  Rural Funds Group rallied 2.3 percent after it agreed to sell its network of 17 poultry farms to ProTen Investment Management for a combined A$72 million and reinvest in three cattle properties in Western Australia.  Virgin Australia lost 3.1 percent on fundraising reports. Metals and electronics recycler Sims Metal Management slumped 8.8 percent after forecasting an underlying core earnings loss for the first half. In economic news, Fitch Ratings has maintained Australia's sovereign ratings at 'AAA' with a stable outlook and said the rating is supported by its flexible policy framework that underpin positive economic growth. Seoul stocks rose for the third straight day after reports that the U.S. and China are making progress in trade discussions. Hopes for a turnaround in the semiconductor market also underpinned sentiment.  The benchmark Kospi inched up 5.71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,093.60, closing above the 2,090 mark for the first time since September 24th. Europe European stocks are subdued on Monday as HSBC warned of a challenging outlook, while the European Union granted the U.K. a delay to Brexit until January 31st, removing the risk of a damaging no-deal split on Thursday. On the trade front, U.S. and Chinese officials said they are "close to finalizing" some parts of a phase one trade deal after high-level telephone discussions on Friday. U.S. President Donald Trump said he hopes to sign the deal with China's President Xi Jinping next month at a summit in Chile. While the U.K.s FTSE 100 Index is just below the unchanged line, the French CAC 40 Index is up by 0.2 percent and the German DAX Index is up by 0.4 percent. Asia-focused lender HSBC Holdings has come under pressure. After reporting a drop in third quarter earnings, the bank has warned it would have to undertake costly restructuring amid a slowing global business environment. Cairn Energy has also slumped after it issued an update on its proceedings against India under the U.K.-India Bilateral Investment Treaty. Meanwhile, mining giant BHP has risen percent as Samarco, a joint venture between BHP Group and Vale SA, received the Corrective Operation License for the Germano complex in Minas Gerais on Friday. French luxury products maker LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton has edged higher on reports that it has offered to buy U.S. jeweler Tiffany &Co;. for about $14.5 billion. U.S. Economic Reports No major U.S. economic data is scheduled to be released today, although monthly jobs data is likely to attract attention later this week along with reports on third quarter GDP, personal income and spending and manufacturing activity. Stocks In Focus Shares of Tiffany (TIF) are soaring in pre-market trading after French luxury goods maker LVMH confirmed it is talks to acquire the jeweler, with reports suggesting the bid would value Tiffany at about $120 per share. Music streaming service Spotify (SPOT) is also likely to see initial strength after reporting an unexpected third quarter profit on revenues that exceeded analyst estimates. Shares of AT&T; (T) may also move to the upside after the telecom giant reported better than expected third quarter earnings and unveiled a three-year capital allocation plan. On the other hand, shares of Check Point Software (CHKP) are seeing pre-market weakness even though the cybersecurity company reported third quarter earnings that beat expectations on revenues that came in line with estimates.        Load-Date: January 24, 2020End of Document

FIVE YEARS AFTER OCCUPY CENTRAL, STREET BATTLES RAGE IN HONG KONGStates News ServiceSeptember 29, 2019 SundayCopyright 2019 States News ServiceLength: 955 wordsByline: States News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON, DC BodyThe following information was released by Radio Free Asia:Five years after the Chinese Communist Party's decree ruling out democracy sparked the Occupy Central movement, black-clad protesters took on riot police in a series of pitched battles on the streets of Hong Kong.Police apparently fired at least one round of live ammunition, according to video clips posted to social media, and were repeatedly pictured waving pistols at the crowd, while water cannon, beanbag bullets and tear gas were repeatedly deployed against protesters who had occupied main highways in downtown Hong Kong."Now Hong Kong is a genuine police state," former pro-democracy lawmaker Nathan Law tweeted on Sunday."Undercover police are beating protesters and using firearms," he wrote in a comment attached to a photo of a gun-wielding officer published in the Chinese-language Ming Pao newspaper.Law's political party Demosisto said pro-democracy lawmaker Eddie Chu had been pepper-sprayed in the face after he tried to plead with riot police not to use violence against protesters.And Hong Kong Social Worker General Union leader Hui Lai-Ming was pushed to the ground and arrested as he was leaving the area in response to police warnings, the union said in a statement on Facebook.Meanwhile, protesters built bonfires and threw Molotov cocktails at officers, retreating as police fought back with water cannon containing high levels of pepper spray and tear gas on normally bustling city streets.The Mass Transit Rail Corp. shut down stations in Admiralty, near government headquarters, where protesters had earlier flung bricks and other projectiles.Wanchai, Causeway Bay and Tin Hau stations were also closed after clashes broke out in those districts.Riot police fired the first rounds of tear gas at 2.22 p.m. in Causeway Bay near the Sogo department store, as protesters gathered for a "global march against totalitarianism" that saw rallies in solidarity in a number of international cities.Batons to the feetAt Causeway Bay station, large numbers of demonstrators were subdued on the ground, their hands tied with cable ties, while some officers used their batons to beat their feet.One demonstrator was left twitching after a fall to the ground, and received first aid.A journalist for an Indonesian publication suffered an eye injury while covering protests in Wanchai, after being hit by what was believed to be a rubber or beanbag bullet fired by police, who were chasing protesters across a pedestrian footbridge near Revenue Tower.Government broadcaster RTHK said its reporters had also witnessed a series of attacks by special forces, known as the "raptors," on people at the protest in Admiralty."RTHK reporters at the scene reported seeing around two dozen people subdued and arrested in Admiralty," the station said. "Many of the detainees were forced to the ground with baton strikes by officers. Some were seen to be bleeding heavily."Later on Sunday, protesters also reportedly beat up two men in Wanchai and Causeway Bay districts, only breaking off with the intervention of the protest movement's first aid squad, who took at least one of the men to safety.Some protesters also smashed up a taxi using rods to break the shield, headlights, and other parts of the vehicle, forcing open the bonnet after the taxi reportedly menaced a group of journalists.Journalists were also attacked with pepper spray and water cannon in clashes since Saturday, social media footage showed.Saturday's demonstration, which had police approval, saw protesters burn the flag of the ruling Chinese Communist Party rather than the national flag of China, following a singing rally in downtown Tamar Park to mark the fifth anniversary of the 2014 pro-democracy movement, which ended without achieving its demand for fully democratic elections.Chipping away at rightsSunday's street battles came as Chinese president Xi Jinping presented the former leader of Hong Kong, Tung Chee-hwa, with an honorary title ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.Tung, who stepped down without finishing his second term in office in 2003 after half a million people marched to protest subversion and sedition legislation ordered by Beijing, was awarded a medal by Xi for his "outstanding contribution to the One Country and Two Systems principle," under which Hong Kong was promised the continuation of its traditional freedoms after the 1997 handover.London-based rights group Amnesty International has called the response of the Hong Kong police force to the protesters' civil disobedience and political vandalism "outrageous" and "repressive."The group said that while an independent and effective investigation into police actions would be a vital first step to resolving the standoff, the protests came after a "steady erosion" of rights and freedoms in the city long before Lam put forward plans to allow extradition to mainland China.It said both the Hong Kong government and the ruling Chinese Communist Party in Beijing had been chipping away at the traditional rights and freedoms that Hong Kong was promised for years.Protests that erupted in June in Hong Kong against plans by the city's government to allow extradition to mainland China have grown into a broader movement, even after Lam pledged to scrap the plan by withdrawing the planned legislation.The protesters' five key demands are: the formal withdrawal of planned amendments to extradition laws; an amnesty for arrested protesters; an end to the description of protesters as rioters; an independent inquiry into police abuse of power; and fully democratic elections.Reported by RFA's Cantonese and Mandarin Services. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.Load-Date: September 30, 2019End of Document

Boston College: Law and CybersecurityTargeted News ServiceSeptember 11, 2019 Wednesday 7:37 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 867 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: CHESTNUT HILL, Massachusetts BodyBoston College issued the following news:* * *- Assistant U.S. AG for National Security John C. Demers shares insights on cyber threats with BC students* * *Less than a week before the 18th anniversary of 9/11, Assistant Attorney General for National Security John C. Demers recalled for a Boston College audience one of the many long-term effects of the event--for him as well as many of his colleagues."It made me want to go to Washington, D.C., to offer my services," said Demers, now on the front lines of the U.S. government's fight against Chinese cyberattacks, who spoke with law, graduate, and undergraduate students during a one-hour program at Boston College Law School on September 5. The event was co-coordinated by Kevin Powers, director of the Master of Science in Cybersecurity Policy and Governance program at the Woods College of Advancing Studies and assistant professor of the practice at BC Law, and Associate Professor of Law David Olson, faculty director for the law school's Program on Innovation and Entrepreneurship."At the Department of Justice, we learned we weren't well organized," Demers said of 9/11, citing the strict separation among the branches of government, and the belief at the time that it was improper to share information. What was the conventional wisdom, he said, came to be seen as "conventional foolishness."As Demers explained, what emerged from the devastation of the 9/11 attacks was the Department of Homeland Security, which combined 22 different federal departments and agencies into a unified, integrated cabinet agency. In 2006, the Department of Justice's National Security Division was created, which consolidated the DOJ's primary national security operations and focused on counter-terrorism, counter espionage/export control, and the Office of Intelligence.Last November, Demers joined NSD as assistant attorney general for security and was selected to lead the U.S. Attorney General's China Initiative, established to counter the persistent and aggressive economic espionage, trade-secret theft, hacking, and related crimes conducted by the People's Republic of China.Since then, Demers has consistently spoken out against China's activities in this area, such as its suspected involvement in the hack of the Starwood hotel chain's reservation system, which exposed the private data and travel details of as many as 500 million people. "The playbook is simple--rob, replicate, and replace," he said at a hearing last December. "Rob the American company of its intellectual property, replicate the technology, and replace the American company in the Chinese market and one day in the global market.""While all are sophisticated cyber actors, China is the number-one nation state threat, followed by Iran, Russia and North Korea," said Demers at his BC Law talk. "A seminal moment that motivated the launch of the China Initiative was the repeated theft of American companies' intellectual property, which reflected a collaborative effort by the PRC and Chinese companies to drive their economic development. If you examine the government's goals--the development of high-speed rail, artificial intelligence, commercial airlines--it's a guide to what they steal.""It is fitting that we host a discussion on some of the hottest and most important legal issues of our day," said BC Law Dean Vincent Rougeau in his welcoming remarks, among them "how to preserve national security, provide cybersecurity, and properly use laws and law enforcement as tools to protect our nation and our citizens' interests, while respecting the rule of law, individual rights, and freedom of trade and association."Demers worked at the DOJ as an attorney advisor in the Office of Legal Counsel from 2003-05, then clerked for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia for one year before returning to the National Security Division, first as senior counsel to the assistant attorney general, and then as deputy assistant attorney general for the Office of Law and Policy. In 2008, Demers helped draft an amendment to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that allows the NSA to collect electronic communications of foreign targets, including those with U.S. citizens."This event, like the annual Boston Conference on Cyber Security we coordinate with the FBI, reflects an ongoing effort to bring together industry, academia, and government around these issues, to help build and strengthen the cybersecurity ecosystem," said Kevin Powers, founding director of the Woods College's M.S. in Cybersecurity Policy and Governance program and assistant professor of the practice at BC Law and the Carroll School of Management. Boston College also offers two online, professional certificate programs in cybersecurity strategy and data privacy.The Boston College Law School Program on Innovation and Entrepreneurship (PIE), directed by event co-coordinator and law professor David Olson, draws upon the intellectual capital of its faculty and the energy of its talented students to develop activities designed to build strong bridges between BC Law and the innovation and entrepreneurship communities in Boston and beyond.Copyright Targeted News ServicesMSTRUCK-6851893 MSTRUCKLoad-Date: September 12, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:50 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 9:10 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1893 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-1908:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:50 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 8:55 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1893 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-1908:50 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.60. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -24.50.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value.Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. These markets will reopen tomorrow but India's Sensex will be closed. Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington. Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.In economic data: China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln) Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln) Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)---Equity Markets---Japan's Nikkei: -0.2% Hong Kong's Hang Seng: CLOSED China's Shanghai Composite: CLOSED India's Sensex: -0.4% South Korea's Kospi: +0.1% Australia's ASX All Ordinaries: +0.8%Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August. British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court. A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.In economic data: Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1) Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%) U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)---Equity Markets---STOXX Europe 600: +0.4% Germany's DAX: +0.1% U.K.'s FTSE 100: +0.3% France's CAC 40: +0.2% Italy's FTSE MIB: +0.4% Spain's IBEX 35: +0.5%08:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Global Retail Development Sees Pockets of Hope Despite Uncertain Economic Climate; A.T. Kearney's Global Retail Development Index finds shifts in policy, culture demand close attention from retailersPR NewswireOctober 31, 2019 Thursday 10:03 AM ESTCopyright 2019 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 623 wordsDateline: CHICAGO, Oct. 31, 2019 BodyPR Newswire Global retailing remains a paradox. Even as social media and ecommerce fuel the evolution of a truly global consumer, retailing in emerging economics continues to be affected by local realities such as Internet connectivity, availability and cost of labor, and government factors ranging from taxation policy and trade wars to armed conflict. These are the findings ofA.T. Kearney's 2019 Global Retail Development Index (GRDI), a bi-annual study of the global retailing landscape.Retailers, consumer goods manufacturers, and international service providers rely on the GRDI as the definitive source for understanding which economies are growing, stagnant or declining, and why. The2019 GRDIranks 30 developing countries - selected from a list of 200 nations - based on three criteria: achieving a "Country Risk" score above 35; having a population of at least five million; and enjoying a per capita GDP of more than $3,000.This year's findings explored important factors such as:Despite sanctions from the U.S. and its allies, urban Russians still enjoy High Street shopping. China's retail sector - valued today at USD $3.8 trillion and expected to reach USD $6.6 trillion by 2024 - is characterized by a blurring of the line separating offline and online retail, a model known in China as "New Retail." The picture for global brick & mortar retailers doing business in China is promising. Tim Hortons opened its first Chinese outlet in February 2019 and will add 1,500 locations over the next 10 years. This June, Aldi opened its first Shanghai store and a month later Costco's opened its first Chinese branch. Saudi Arabian government's decision to provide increasing freedoms to women is expected to increase women's labor force participation to 25% by 2020 and 30% by 2030. The continued growth potential of the Indian economy and retail market has attracted various international retailers, such as IKEA, Under Armour, American Eagle Outfitters, Miniso, Ted Baker, Go Sport, Replay and Hummel. Thirty eight percent of Ghanaians have access to Internet services. Though that is a relatively small number, most of them are middle class consumers who are interested in modern retail. In April 2019, DHL, launched DHL Africa eShop, an e-commerce app that brings more than 200 U.S. and U.K. retailers online to 11 African counties, including Ghana. Brazil's e-commerce sector has also continued to expand despite economic woes, and is expected to grow at a 5 year CAGR of nearly 11% to $ 34 billion by 2024. The online share of national chain retail sales is also set to expand."This year'sGRDIsurfaced sometimes subtle, but critical, trends," saidGreg Portell, an A.T. Kearney Partner and head of the Consumer practice. "In emerging economies, we see a growing consumer demand for modern retailing. And, in advanced economies such as India and China, we see the future of retail-markets appealing to local tradition operating alongside modern global retailers."To learn more, read the full reporthere.About A.T. KearneyA.T. Kearney is a leading global management consulting firm with offices in more than 40 countries. Since 1926, we have been trusted advisors to the world's foremost organizations. A.T. Kearney is a partner-owned firm, committed to helping clients achieve immediate impact and growing advantage on their most mission-critical issues. For more information, visithttp://www.atkearney.comContact: Ryan Dicovitsky/Stephanie DresslerDukas Linden Public RelationsEmail:ATKearney@DLPR.comPhone: +1-212-704-7585 View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-retail-development-sees-pockets-of-hope-despite-uncertain-economic-climate-300949172.htmlSOURCE A.T. KearneyLoad-Date: November 1, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 8:25 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1402 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-1908:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:00 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 8:05 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1402 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-1908:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:25 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 8:50 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1518 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-1908:25 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. The S&P 500 is up 17.8% year and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ETBriefing.comOctober 7, 2019 Monday 8:30 AM ESTCopyright 2019 Briefing.com, Inc. All rights reserved.This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.Length: 1520 wordsBodyStock Market UpdateUpdated: 07-Oct-1908:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -7.10. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -20.60.The S&P 500 futures trade seven points, or 0.2%, below fair value. For the year, the S&P 500 is up 17.8% and is within 2.5% of its all-time high.Reviewing the S&P 500 sector standings for 2019 shows the information technology sector (+30.0%) on top with a 30% gain, followed by the defensive-oriented real estate (+26.9%), utilities (+22.5%), and consumer staples (+20.7%) sectors. The energy sector (-0.1%) is the lone group in negative territory this year.Separately, shares of UBER (UBER 30.61, +0.94) are up 3.2% in pre-market action after the stock was upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup.08:00 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -26.10.The S&P 500 futures trade eight points, or 0.3%, below fair value after a volatile week of trading last week left the benchmark index little changed. Futures have wavered in negative territory all session but are currently trading near their highs while investors digest a batch of weekend news.On the trade front, Bloomberg reported that China is more reluctant to agree to a broad trade deal and is not committed on reforming Chinese industrial policy or government subsidies. President Trump's call for China to investigate presidential candidate Joe Biden could also complicate talks, according to The New York Times. High-level trade talks will resume in Washington on Thursday and Friday.Separately, labor talks between the UAW and General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11, -0.3%) have taken "a turn for the worse," and a second whistleblower has come forth against President Trump. Although not market-moving, the negative-sounding news may be contributing to the general sense of uncertainty in the market.U.S. Treasuries have edged lower, pushing yields higher across the curve. The 2-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.41%, and the 10-yr yield is up two basis points to 1.54%. The U.S. Dollar Index is up 0.1% to 98.87. WTI crude is up 1.3%, or $0.66, to $53.47/bbl.Today's economic data will be limited to the Consumer Credit report for August (Briefing.com consensus $13.3 billion) at 3:00 p.m. ET.In U.S. Corporate news:General Electric (GE 8.66, +0.09): +1.1% after announcing it will freeze pension plans for approximately 20,000 employees as part of a broader effort to reduce the pension deficit by approximately $5-8 billion and net debt by approximately $4-6 billion.General Motors (GM 34.80, -0.11): -0.3% amid news that labor talks with the UAW have "taken a turn for the worse."First Solar (FSLR 62.74, +3.43): +5.8% after the Trump administration removed tariff exemptions for bifacial solar panels. These products will be subject to a 25% tariff rate starting on Oct. 28. First Solar will regain an edge against foreign competitors, according to Bloomberg.Reviewing overnight developments:Equity indices in the Asia-Pacific region began the week on a mixed note while markets in China and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Japan's Nikkei -0.2%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng CLOSED, China's Shanghai Composite CLOSED, India's Sensex -0.4%, South Korea's Kospi +0.1%, Australia's ASX All Ordinaries +0.8%.In economic data:China's September FX Reserves $3.092 trln (prior $3.107 trln)Japan's August Leading Index 91.7 (last 93.7) and Coincident Indicator -0.4% m/m (last 0.2%). September FX Reserves $1.32 trln (prior $1.33 trln)Australia's September AIG Construction Index 42.6 (last 44.6)In news:Protests across Hong Kong continued during the weekend and there were multiple reports of bank ATMs running out of cash. Bloomberg reported that Chinese officials have narrowed the range of subjects that will be discussed at this week's meeting with U.S. trade officials in Washington.Australia's Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, is reportedly facing pressure from lawmakers to increase fiscal spending.Major European indices trade in the green after retreating last week. STOXX Europe 600 +0.5%, Germany's DAX +0.5%, U.K.'s FTSE 100 +0.4%, France's CAC 40 +0.4%, Italy's FTSE MIB +0.4%, Spain's IBEX 35 +0.4%.In economic data:Eurozone's October Sentix Investor Confidence -16.8 (expected -13.0; last -11.1)Germany's August Factory Orders -0.6% m/m (expected -0.3%; last -2.1%)U.K.'s September Halifax House Price Index -0.4% m/m (expected 0.1%; last 0.2%); +1.1% yr/yr (expected 1.6%; last 1.8%)In news: Participants received just a small set of economic data today, but it is worth noting that investor confidence in the eurozone fell to its lowest level in more than six years while Germany's factory orders continued contracting in August.British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, will challenge the Benn Bill, which blocks a no-deal Brexit, in the Supreme Court.A weekend election in Portugal saw the incumbent Socialist party receive the largest share of the vote.07:26 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -8.40. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -23.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] S&P futures vs fair value: -5.90. Nasdaq futures vs fair value: -15.00.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] Nikkei...21375.25...-35.00...-0.20%. Hang Seng...25821...-289.30...-1.10%.07:06 ETMarket is Closed[BRIEFING.COM] FTSE...7178.31...+22.90...+0.30%. DAX...12072.25...+59.40...+0.50%.16:15 ETDow +372.68 at 26573.72, Nasdaq +110.21 at 7982.48, S&P +41.38 at 2952.05[BRIEFING.COM] The S&P 500 rose 1.4% on Friday, with buying momentum picking up after the release of the Employment Situation Report for September and continuing throughout the day. It was a broad-based rally, led by shares of financial and technology companies, although trading volume was lighter than usual.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (+1.4%) and Nasdaq Composite (+1.4%) kept pace with the benchmark index, followed by the Russell 2000 (+1.0%).The U.S. economy added 136,000 jobs to nonfarm payrolls in September, which was slightly below expectations (Briefing.com consensus 150,000) but also better than expected when accounting for the upward revisions in August and July. The unemployment rate hit a 50-year low at 3.5% (Briefing.com consensus 3.7%), while average hourly earnings were unchanged (Briefing.com consensus 0.3%).Some pointed to no wage growth as a disappointment, but the modest jobs growth helped subdue this week's general growth concerns. Fed Chair Powell also repeated his view that the U.S. economy is "in a good place." The general sense of relief in the market helped the S&P 500 close above its 50-day moving average (2942).All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished higher. Eight sectors finished up at least 1.0%, including noticeable gains in the financials (+1.9%) and information technology (+1.7%) sectors. Apple (AAPL 227.01, +6.19, +2.8%) carried the tech sector higher after the Nikkei Asian Review reported the company asked suppliers to increase production for the iPhone 11 by up to 10%.HP (HPQ 16.64, -1.76, -9.6%) was left out of today's rally. The company announced it will reduce its global headcount by 7,000 to 9,000 employees as part of a restructuring plan. HP also authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program and raised its dividend by 10%.U.S. Treasuries finished little changed despite the bullish bias in equities. The 2-yr yield increased one basis point to 1.39%, while the 10-yr yield declined basis points to 1.52%. The U.S. Dollar Index finished little changed at 99.80. WTI crude rose 0.6%, or $0.30, to $52.78/bbl.Reviewing Friday's economic data, which featured the Employment Situation Report for September and included the Trade Balance report for August:September nonfarm payrolls were roughly in-line with expectations, but actually better than expected when accounting for the upward revision to nonfarm payrolls for August and July. September nonfarm payrolls increased by 136,000 (Briefing.com consensus 150,000). The unemployment rate dropped to 3.5%, which is the lowest since December 1969.One key takeaway is that the 50-year low unemployment rate will play well politically in the present for the current administration. Another key takeaway, though, is that the average hourly earnings growth (actually, there was none) won't play so well economically.The trade deficit for August widened to $54.9 billion (Briefing.com consensus -$54.4 billion) from -$54.0 billion in July, as exports were $0.5 billion more than July exports while imports were $1.3 billion more than July imports.The key takeaway from the report is the understanding that trade continues to drag on GDP growth, evidenced by the average third quarter real trade deficit being 0.8% above the second quarter average.Looking ahead, investors will receive the Consumer Credit report for August on Monday.Nasdaq Composite +20.3% YTDS&P 500 +17.8% YTDDow Jones Industrial Average +13.9% YTDRussell 2000 +11.3% YTD ..NYSE Adv/Dec 2098/723. ..NASDAQ Adv/Dec 2071/991.Briefing.com is the leading Internet provider of live market analysis for U.S. Stock, U.S. Bond and world FX market participants. 1-800-752-3013 or http://www.briefing.comLoad-Date: October 7, 2019End of Document

Senate Homeland Security &#38; Governmental Affairs Committee Issues Report on Supply Chain Counterintelligence Training ActTargeted News ServiceSeptember 13, 2019 Friday 10:20 AM  ESTCopyright 2019 Targeted News Service LLC All Rights ReservedLength: 1852 wordsByline: Targeted News ServiceDateline: WASHINGTON BodyWASHINGTON, Sept. 13 -- The Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee issued a report (S.Rpt. 116-87) on legislation (S. 1388) to manage supply chain risk through counterintelligence training. The report was advanced by Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, on Sept. 10.Excerpts of the report follow:I. PURPOSE AND SUMMARYS. 1388, the Supply Chain Counterintelligence Training Act of 2019, requires the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence (DNI), the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and the Administrator of the General Services Administration (GSA), to develop and implement a counterintelligence training program for Federal Government officials with supply chain risk management responsibilities at Federal agencies. The applicable officials include those with programmatic, information communications technology, and acquisition responsibilities.II. BACKGROUND AND THE NEED FOR LEGISLATIONForeign adversaries have a long history of hacking into Federal information technology systems to steal information and cause other disruptions.1 A growing area of concern is the infiltration by adversaries of the sprawling Federal supply chain, which could create a backdoor into Federal systems through more difficult to detect means.2 In response to this growing threat, this Committee approved S. 3085, the Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act of 2018, which was later signed into law by President Trump as part of the SECURE Act.3 This law established the Federal Acquisition Security Council to coordinate Federal efforts related to supply chain security and to establish a process to exclude bad actors from the Federal supply chain.41 See, e.g., Ellen Nakashima, Chinese Breach Data of 4 Million Federal Workers, Wash. Post (June 4, 2015), https:// www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/chinese-hackers-breach- federal-governments-personnel-office/2015/06/04/889c0e52-0af7-11e5- 95fd-d580f1c5d44e_story. html?noredirect=on&#38;utm_term=.70a790564974.2 Tara Benny et al., Interos Solutions, Inc., Supply Chain Vulnerabilities from China in U.S. Federal Information and Communications Technology, https://docs.house.gov/meetings/IF/IF16/ 20180516/108301/HHRG-115-IF16-20180516-SD105-U105.pdf.3 Strengthening and Enhancing Cyber-Capabilities by Utilizing Risk Exposure Technology Act, Pub. L. No. 115-39, 132 Stat. 5173 (2018).4 Id.Meanwhile, there have been new concerns raised that Federal acquisition officials, while well-trained in aspects of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and the general process for acquiring information technology goods and services, have little to no training regarding the potential counterintelligence risks that could be posed by acquiring those same goods and services.55 Bridget Johnson, Evanina: Root Out Supply Chain's Weak Links in Private Sector, Procuement Departments, Homeland Sec. Today (Apr. 7, 2019), https://www.hstoday.us/subject-matter-areas/cybersecurity/ evanina-root-out-supply-chains-weak-links-in-private-sector- procurement-departments/.Recognizing this threat to Federal systems, S. 1388 requires OMB--in coordination with DHS, DNI, and GSA, to establish a counterintelligence training program for officials with supply chain risk management responsibilities, including program staff, information communications technologists, and acquisition officials at Executive agencies. It provides broad authority regarding the development of this training program to provide flexibility to ensure it meets the needs of the agencies and can be adapted as threats change and emerge. The legislation also requires binannual reports to Congress for the three years following its enactment.III. LEGISLATIVE HISTORYRanking Member Gary Peters (D-MI) introduced S. 1388, the Supply Chain Counterintelligence Act of 2019, on May 9, 2019, with Chairman Ron Johnson (R-WI) and Senator Maggie Hassan (D- NH). The bill was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.The Committee considered S. 1388 at a business meeting on May 15, 2019. The bill was ordered reported favorably en bloc by voice vote. Senators Johnson, Paul, Lankford, Scott, Peters, Carper, Hassan, and Rosen were present for the vote.IV. SECTION-BY-SECTION ANALYSIS OF THE BILL, AS REPORTEDSection 1. Short titleThis section provides the bill's short title, the Supply Chain Counterintelligence Training Act of 2019''.Section 2. Counterintelligence Training Program to manage supply chain riskThis section tasks the Director of OMB, DNI, Secretary of DHS, and Administrator of GSA to create and implement a program centered on counterintelligence for officials with supply chain risk management policies at Executive agencies within 180 days.6 The bill also dictates the program prepare personnel to identify and mitigate counterintelligence threats that arise from the use and acquisition of information and communication technology.6 This includes "programmatic, information communications technology, and acquisition officials''.Section 3. Reports on Implementation of the ProgramThis section requires the Director of the OMB consult with the executive officials tasked in Section 2 to brief appropriate congressional leadership and committees on the implementation of the program no later than 18 days after enactment of this bill. The Director of the OMB is to continue these briefings every 180 for the next three years.Section 4. DefinitionsThe first subsection stipulates "appropriate Congressional Committees and leadership'' and "information and communications technology'' is given the meaning of the same terms as in 41 U.S.C. Sec. 4713(k).The second subsection gives "executive agency'' the same meaning as that used in 41 U.S.C Sec. 133.V. EVALUATION OF REGULATORY IMPACTPursuant to the requirements of paragraph 11(b) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the Committee has considered the regulatory impact of this bill and determined that the bill will have no regulatory impact within the meaning of the rules. The Committee agrees with the Congressional Budget Office's statement that the bill contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA) and would impose no costs on state, local, or tribal governments.VI. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE COST ESTIMATEU.S. Congress, Congressional Budget Office, Washington, DC, June 28, 2019.Hon. Ron Johnson, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC.Dear Mr. Chairman: The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for S. 1388, the Supply Chain Counterintelligence Training Act of 2019.If you wish further details on this estimate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is William Ma.Sincerely,Phillip L. Swagel, Director.Enclosure.[GRAPHIC(S) NOT AVAILABLE IN TIFF FORMAT]S. 1388 would require the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to establish a program to train federal employees to identify and defend against counterintelligence threats to the federal supply chain. Acquisition officials at all federal agencies who are involved with managing the supply chain for information and communications technology programs would be required to attend that training. The bill also would require OMB to report to the Congress on the implementation of that training program. CBO estimates that implementing the bill would cost $27 million over the 2020-2024 period (see Table 1); that spending would be subject to the availability of appropriated funds.The Department of Defense (DoD) has about 150,000 employees in its acquisition workforce and DoD's contracts account for about 60 percent of all federal contracts. On that basis, CBO estimates that the acquisition workforce of the federal government totals about 250,000 people. CBO expects that 10 percent of them would require training every two years under the bill and that training for the first group of employees would begin in 2021. Using information on the costs of other federal training programs, CBO estimates that delivering that training to an average of 12,500 individuals each year would cost $10 million over the 2020-2024 period.CBO expects that some of the information provided in that training would be classified; thus, trainees would be required to hold security clearances. The number of acquisition employees in the federal government who have security clearances is unknown. Given that lack of information, CBO assumes that 50 percent of the people who would receive training as a result of S. 1388 already possess clearances at the secret level or higher. Thus, 12,500 people would require new clearances initially and about 600 additional clearances would be processed each year beginning in 2022 as a result of personnel turnover. Background investigations for a secret clearance cost about $800. On that basis, CBO estimates that it would cost $12 million to conduct background investigations on those trainees over the 2020-2024 period.In addition to the above costs, CBO estimates that it would cost $1 million to develop the training curriculum and $1 million annually thereafter to continually update it to incorporate information on the latest counterintelligence threats.Using information about the costs of similar reports, CBO estimates that satisfying the reporting requirements in S. 1388 would cost less than $500,000.TABLE 1.--ESTIMATED INCREASES IN SPENDING SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATION UNDER S. 1388View table at https://www.congress.gov/congressional-report/116th-congress/senate-report/87/1?s=2&#38;r=4Enacting S. 1388 also would increase expenses for agencies not funded through annual appropriations. Such spending is considered direct spending. However, because those agencies are able to increase the fees that provide their funding as necessary to cover their costs, CBO estimates that the net difference in spending from those agencies would be insignificant over the 2020-2029 period.This estimate is uncertain primarily because the bill would give OMB broad latitude in designing the training program. The frequency of the training, the number of acquisition employees who would be trained, and the number of personnel who would require new security clearances could differ significantly from CBO's estimate.The CBO staff contact for this estimate is William Ma. The estimate was reviewed by Leo Lex, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis.VII. CHANGES IN EXISTING LAW MADE BY THE BILL, AS REPORTEDBecause this legislation would not repeal or amend any provision of current law, it would not make changes in existing law within the meaning of clauses (a) and (b) of paragraph 12 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate.The full text of the report is found at: https://www.congress.gov/congressional-report/116th-congress/senate-report/87/1?s=2&#38;r=4TARGETED NEWS SERVICE, Harwood Place, Springfield, Virginia, USA: Myron Struck, editor; 703/304-1897; editor@targetednews.com; https://targetednews.com-1407528Load-Date: September 13, 2019End of Document

The week in IR: US bears brunt of market falls, investors debate IPOs versus direct listings, and UK sees string of CEO changesirmagazine.comOctober 4, 2019 FridayCopyright 2019 IR Media Group, LTD All Rights ReservedSection: CASE STUDIESByline: Tim HumanBody- US equities bore the brunt of global stock market declines this week, reports Bloomberg (paywall). The MSCI USA Index fell almost 3 percent over two days, while MSCI's index of equities outside of the US market dropped only 1.45 percent. US equities did better than the rest of the world during the first eight months of the year, but have now trailed other markets since August. This reversal 'suggests investors are increasingly concerned that the US economy, which has been able to weather the global slowdown better than most of its major peers, is finally starting to buckle,' says the news service in an opinion piece.- Investors debated whether IPOs or direct listings are the best way to bring tech companies to market at a Silicon Valley conference this week, reports the Financial Times (paywall). IPOs involve the creation of new shares which are underwritten by investment banks, while direct listings see existing shares sold directly to the highest bidders. At the conference, some investors argued that IPOs tend to undervalue shares, leading companies to lose out on potential funds, and also involve costly underwriting fees. However, it was noted that IPOs, through the book-building process, allow companies more control of the share register and the opportunity to bring in major institutional investors.- BP has become the latest in a string of major British companies to announce CEO changes this week, reports Reuters. On Friday, BP said that CEO Bob Dudley would step down with Bernard Looney, who is responsible for the upstream segment of the energy company, taking his place. Earlier in the week, supermarket operator Tesco and tobacco firm Imperial Tobacco both announced CEO changes.- Peter Navarro, the White House trade advisor, has moved to quash claims that the US government could de-list Chinese companies from American stock exchanges, reports CNBC. Last week, multiple news providers reported that the White House was considering ways to limit the flow of US investment into China - and one tactic could be to restrict Chinese companies from listing in the US. Referring to a story by Bloomberg, Navarro told CNBC: 'Over half of it was highly inaccurate or simply flat-out false.' Over the weekend, a US Treasury spokesperson also said the plan was not under consideration, notes CNBC.- Activist investors, including Elliott Advisors, are considering taking a stake in British company Metro Bank, according to a report from The Sunday Times (paywall). Last week the bank postponed a £250 mn ($308 mn) bond issue despite offering an attractive yield, while its share price fell by a third. 'Activist investors are understood to be interested in taking an equity stake or purchasing new debt at a higher coupon in a private placement,' reports the newspaper.Link to ImageLoad-Date: October 4, 2019End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 16 of 319Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters clash with rivals  Page 19 of 319THOUSANDS PROTEST MASK BAN AS CLASHES CONTINUE IN HONG KONG  Page 21 of 319Asian Shares Rise On U.S.-China Trade Talk Optimism  Page 23 of 319Comedy Central to Stream 24 Straight Hours of Stand-Up Specials on YouTube  Page 26 of 3193 Ways to Avoid Recycling Contamination  Page 28 of 319Austin organization, students hold rally to support protesters in Hong Kong  Page 30 of 319FACULTY RECEIVE NATIONAL ACADEMIES' EARLY-CAREER RESEARCH FELLOWSHIPS  Page 33 of 319Sales of Flexible OLED Display Expand with Rise in Income among Middle-income Group in Asia Pacific - TMR; The Global Flexible OLED Display Market to Rise At 35....  Page 40 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ET  Page 42 of 319Domino's, Target post gains while Qiagen, Ambarella decline  Page 44 of 319Domino's, Target post gains while Qiagen, Ambarella decline  Page 48 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 07:58 ET  Page 52 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 07:58 ET  Page 56 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ET  Page 60 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ET  Page 64 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ET  Page 68 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ET  Page 70 of 319Trump tries out new defenses as damaging Ukraine evidence piles up  Page 72 of 319Trump tries out new defenses as damaging Ukraine evidence piles up  Page 78 of 319Travelers behaving badly: Is the conduct of tourists getting worse?  Page 84 of 319Travelers behaving badly: Is the conduct of tourists getting worse?  Page 89 of 319Waning Optimism About Trade Talks May Generate Selling Pressure  Page 94 of 319Waning Optimism About Trade Talks May Generate Selling Pressure  Page 104 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ET  Page 114 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ET  Page 124 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ET  Page 134 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ET  Page 144 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ET  Page 154 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ET  Page 164 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 16:20 ET  Page 175 of 319Stock Market Update  Page 177 of 31910 things you need to know before the opening bell  Page 185 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ET  Page 193 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 12:55 ET  Page 201 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 13:30 ET  Page 203 of 319NBA complacent in choosing monetary gain over human rights  Page 210 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 11:55 ET  Page 217 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 11:55 ET  Page 224 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 12:25 ET  Page 230 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 14:00 ET  Page 236 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:55 ET  Page 242 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ET  Page 248 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ET  Page 254 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:25 ET  Page 260 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 10:55 ET  Page 265 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:10 ET  Page 270 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 09:40 ET  Page 275 of 319S&P; 500 Poised To Reach New Record Intraday High  Page 280 of 319S&P; 500 Poised To Reach New Record Intraday High  Page 283 of 319FIVE YEARS AFTER OCCUPY CENTRAL, STREET BATTLES RAGE IN HONG KONG  Page 285 of 319Boston College: Law and Cybersecurity  Page 290 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:50 ET  Page 295 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:50 ET  Page 297 of 319Global Retail Development Sees Pockets of Hope Despite Uncertain Economic Climate; A.T. Kearney's Global Retail Development Index finds shifts in policy, cultur....  Page 301 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:00 ET  Page 305 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:00 ET  Page 309 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:25 ET  Page 313 of 319Briefing.com: Stock Market Update - 08:26 ET  Page 317 of 319Senate Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs Committee Issues Report on Supply Chain Counterintelligence Training Act  Page 319 of 319The week in IR: US bears brunt of market falls, investors debate IPOs versus direct listings, and UK sees string of CEO changes  